I have endured too many BOSTON PUBLIC CLASSROOM scenes for my own good. There's just nothing funny about all those small class sessions. But I did laugh at the inevitable overload of too many pointless academics for too many young but very immature Americans. Rejoice! You americans! You're learning something!
The film starts off really slow, but the camera movements brings the film quickly into modern-day modern europe.. can't describe it well here that would give you the idea how good this film is.
The film is sort of a multi-layered traditional drama that serves as an exposition of a form of Japanese culture, manners and traditions. The film shows the tradition of kamakiri, essentially the custom of brutal torture, used for the termination of unwanted pregnant women in ancient Japan, a custom of torture once practiced in ancient Japan to to terminate unwanted pregnancies through a particularly barbarous inquisition for the extraction of the loins of the mother.
It's interesting to see the original script written but most of it was cut as producers couldn't get the movie above budget for it to be shown on cable. In conclusion The Movie Almost Worked Greatly!
This film captures stunning imagery and excellent portraiture of timeless people, especially the older generations. Given that the film centres on the relationship between two grown women it succeeds in portraying a compassionate connection without compromising truth.
I saw this movie at German Hard Cinema Festival by Festizz. i think this is the best festival ever. and this weekend is the biggest!!! i think the festival and the VOD title are really really really really really really really good!!!!!!!
This is my first comment on this website, and I do hope that it is an adequate review of this remarkable short story directed by Luc Durtal and Juan Zorrilla y Diez, staged by the Cinematographe Company and the Public Investments Company, mounted by Pierre Rivière, photographed by Georges Méliès, and performed by the entire Star Company. I hold this moving cinematic masterpiece close to my heart as I can still remember it within my very own memory bank. -=-=-=-=-=-=-Thanks Again!!!!-=-=-=-=-=-=-
This movie is the best in the first WOW! was the Best in the US! The worse is the movie sucks Wow!
A good doctor and family doctor based around a young doctor who is at college and family doctor. Derry Deever demonstrates his love of life. Based on real stories ,and covering the life of Doctors, and patients that are going through life experience. 60 minute episode.
A well known comedy-verse, 'Szarostszersavar' is easily the funniest Croatian movie ever made, and it has an ingenious concept. Nothing actually really happens in it, and that's absolutely intended. Finally, a touching story in a movie that is absolutely cringeworthy.
The movie shows intense moments, but nothing covers the resemblance between the looks and behavior of Tashi Rinpoche - a certain totally misunderstood, ruined and exiled person....for who for what period the scene was filmed there is no other way to say it than to ask whoever could come and fill the gap there
I've had a soft spot for Ed Wood's work since I'd seen Rebel Without a Cause, Gidget and all those early 1950's songs with these popular surf boys! Summer 1955 Ed Wood sold American Porno classics thru his popular label! His 1955 Monster Board, Beach Lovers and other classics you will find with the of many 1950's classic American Pop music's songs! Take a ride on my Monster Boat! See ya, rock out! Carl Horn
A movie full of dramatic twists and turns, plots unravel, and reason deteriorates. Lacks plot but makes the world more enjoyable. Get up outta bed and get into this cinematic masterpiece!
This has to be the worst joke in the history of the form. Two children recite rather embarrassing, rather predictable jokes while getting slaughtered by this horrendous sea monster. No joke stands up to my expectations of the form. The very worst joke told ever. We must not allow such disgrace. I find myself wondering how such atrocious films can even recast comedy.
This movie didn't take the audience away.It was made out of other movies(terrorist)Little bit of bong comics,Silent movies,and many more.This made for a strange kind of movie.Now here is how i view things that doesn't make any sense to me.Make a list of it in your mind.You can watch the movie again next time.That was my answer to a questionable movie.
The story line moves reasonably well. The acting ranges from fantastic to woeful. How it is impossible that the fictitious owners of the Central Farm Ranches held so little interest by the film's fictitious cop? Sigh! Oh! Eh! Wait! Shame on you!
It has some engaging moments... Threesome? More than that... Flashback... Funnier than the film... Anyway, sort of an early Re-animator... The prop surgery table is clever...
The movie is made along the lines of OZ version of Ripley`s Last Night.. The film goes off the rails shortly after the second train passes (although several moments prior to that the train carriage dynamics seem a little too off the rails, I guess it`s in poor taste to make that an intentional comment on the picture - I guess one can`t go wrong with children`s fictions aimed at tasteless comedy at the very least)
It has weird plots and themes, but try to look for the modern message underneath the plot. You will certainly find it.
This movie was like an ad for booze, tobacco, guns, and you know, really bad films in general. I saw this out of order but it seemed like this was promoting lots of movies. The horror was treated with cartoonish overdosing. Heavy handed. Superhero dress-up of action, not horror. The movie had weight with heaviness of the scenes themselves without relying on screaming along to match the feelings of terror. What a director! What a cinematographer! Unusual lengths between shots. Shots at unexpected lengths.
This is a movie that couldn't possibly be more affected, low budget, high situation film ever made. What else can you say.. SFX are A grade, & the script was first class. Overall.. WOW !
A well written script! It has some great intellectual moments! Nice to see a writer that has more than just good style, but a great talent too! - Du, Lebanon
A good story played down, by teachers of social studies who can no longer handle the fact that there are other ways than violence and corporal punishment to solve the conflicts and disasters which are met in every society.
A very generic and rather tiring comedy from India. It's a big budget full length film, produced by the huge industry behind films that are dubbed for general audiences by the Mmmm Group (show) as well as NBC, PBS, USA etc.: Disc One is "Crazy/Beautiful", Disc 2 is "Real, Chilly, Crazy Guys". Disc Three is "Real Chilly Beautiful Guys".
A very good action/horror/thrist/petty cause comedy." The Bullet series gets a five star rating with some very funny gags and very excellent action scenes
A very dark satire about "heroes" taking refuge in fascist violence and pointless warfare to distract attention from their own decadent lifestyles. The film has a trieress rhythm with accelerating violence and decadence, but it ultimately exposes itself as little more than yet another long countertrend pose.
It's debatable whether this was the most or least effective propaganda piece ever uttered. People in bad seats make noise or worse. What if they're really shooting. Any guesses on what it is? Don't think too hard, it's the first bad thing that comes to mind easily. Hopefully not to you easily.
A man bought a abandoned mansion and its doing wrong now.He is getting accused of many crime and he is going to be in a jail. He went to school from beginning and now he is become a simple murderer. There are many historical events which are happening behind the scene.
This film has bit actors however the film itself is very silly. I rather have The Naked Gun.. Boring very boring this movie should not even have been made. Bit acting
The film was poorly designed, script had no plot. And the most boring thing in life it's thinking on how this or that people talk. Just like that. And the story is: a woman (Angelina) is a cop chasing some killers (who are actual killers and no play thing they are real killers) One day the investigator (Angelina) receives package, some kind of shape, when she is ready to open, some killer is waiting for her doing some attempt to kill her. At first the killer might think that the package containing Angelina is actually fake but after some accidents, Angelina and some officers chase one or two killers around. The action is cool.
It is truly depressing to watch a film with great script, bright and moving imagery, beautiful musical score and a great comedic screen couple... who after they see something like the blood-thirsty "A Knight's Tale"... we hear rumors of, for it seems the "Key & Sparkles" might still be alive.
It has been said "God plays dice". You, God, say you can win some ways. And, tragically, very few.
It can over-seemingly simple comedy like this movie. All the actors' seem more comfortable when doing comedy of this type. The scene in the rain was an ingenious and a fabulous fantasy scene!
The first 30 minutes are the most amusing I ever saw in my life. Whenever I see "Scary Movie II," I can never forget any moment within the movie such as the earring maker in the body of a scarecrow; the hilarious bits from the second edition of "Good People."
I have really rare thing in today's entertainment. Raw emotions which are nearly unbearable. I remember one moment with the mother where the mother throws from the window from high building and scream on all languages of the world. This was really something I will never forget in my life. It is never been shame for this story which has deep message. This story is really one very natural story with amazing messages to human race.
This film boring I know,but I have watched this one and half dozen of times. These rotten guys thinks they know all and will probably get into a world war ,me and all in my public but it boring and this kind of thing is not more than 20 years old I think ,and trust me you do not what to witness something like that.
It can't be all bad... if you like crime-suspense-thrillers, you'll love this movie.. also good for young people.. full of action, dialogues and thinking ...full of intrigue that makes a close attentive to possible evidences of events ...
The story is ridiculous. Julia Stiles obsession with Hank Azaria (Jennifer's dentist) is not rational.
The film direction has the feeling being the same, especially the storyline built by the film makers.The film is no doubt an attractive one just because of its special cast here including MoChatou,Fotso Jean-Pierre,Deonarine Stanislas and Keita Badou.Let's have a good movie day.
A good story well told with excellent acting. The movie raised my expectations of other movies.It's plot though was probably received better in the USSR. And the Polish were probably happier in the nooses. Perhaps my comment should be "and a nice bloody carpet." As it is not perfect but damn near all there is to this universe.
The story-line is a bland and unexciting set-piece at the stage where you still see sequels to sequels. Not remotely offensive, but occasionally predictable. There are definite possibilities with his characters (particularly Kirk and Scotty) in their battle against the seemingly invincible evil presence. - JAZZBO
A good story and a great supporting cast. Character's limitations combine to form a stifling relationship devoid of love, expectations, and reliance alone. And all of that within a short story, and one with an interesting plot twist! Also, a helluva GOOD bike ride to end the story. Bravo Christopher
It can be noted that another legendary film director Joseph L. Mankiewicz also contribute the screen script . It is obvious for the audience who watch this master piece that it is a treat worthy action thriller very rare and unique film in category of action film.
This was basically a bunch of drunken bums leaving an ass kicking reality show that followed the last Survivor, in 2003 with Finalik. But now another season will be release in May.
This movie HAD to happen. George Garanbauer is supposed to become mayor of Lincoln, Ca because of the political correctness imposed on us in the post modern world. We are all thugs in there pink ninja costumes. George Garanbauer does not endorse this movie.
It's worth watching because it's unusual. Nowhere to Hang is interesting because it shows a common people in war-time American. A work to hate, but that's the true. The clothes sometimes are too thin for cold war-time American. But it's a movie that shows a common man even a work to hate.
It can't be that bad of a movie if you're the main star. Big John aka John Morghan star makes a hilarious movie called called Nick and the Apocalypse is amazing.
A movie made seventy years ago. Music composed in 50's. Our minheral is new. Who can tell where the story is brought from? Only imagination !
The story is only half-way. Someone is running a paper firm and trying to keep illegal money from going outside the firm that produced. Well....he wants the paper firm to continue: to meet rent obligations: to pay all the employees and to stay open for the clients. The only problem: some outsiders try to keep this illegal money away from the paper firm....
The movie was nothing but empty calories of violence. Any impression of suspense was forced upon to audience by stupid viewer and nitwiting director experiences who have bad experience on lived three-day vacation in lake Superior. When I tried to surrender to my friend on offer for some sex/softcore porn film like "Nightmare Floor, Part 2: Dreamtime" (1997)... I was wrecked when I was thrown out during to all night party. --- When I got home, I discovered that the apartment manager was waiting for some money as damages for room was broken down during the times when roommate was drinking heavily during mixed party that was held at apartment.
I have suspected as much ever since i saw it (about 20 years now)....I think this is a case of very early coproduction - and it shows, in the form of argument. Arguing dialogue and story -- for someone who hates cinema , this movie is near perfection: against the audience.
The first and only commercial television advert ever to be banned from placement by regulation. (Broadcast Harmful Threatened Act)
The film should have been called "Lamentations of the Flame Princess" I thought for a while that the narration in the beginning was the work of the infamous and psycho Annie + Jagu... Anyway, I thought "Xena", "Heathers", "Spartacus", "Princess Bride"... this list was long... nevertheless, this short would be quite good for the end of our wide list... Thanks for your attention... Best, The Jaguar Girl.
The story involves a degenerate restaurateur, who is a sexual fantasy man for a woman of twenty-seve years. The last act is a prison shooting sequence, set up so that it appears a bit outrageous. However all in all a great film.
The story of a mysterious time machine and a boy named Young Tarzan in New York is hamhanded and unnecessary. Tarzan just misses this gangplank story and returns to the jungle. Still it's fun, entertaining and effective kung fu warfare.
I have been waiting 10 years for this anime gets real long and points to good action. The premise of the game runs you through a worst scenario, whether your digging or searching for a clue to help stop J2000 from destroying the world.
This is a good example for the good things of Croatia during Second World War when the Independent State of Croatia was performing its second armed conflict. This war was unfortunately doomed. And by the same token this film was ruined by hasty translation of the title into English language to obtain attractive result like "The Lost Valley". It simply should have been translated into "Lonac".
I saw this for the first time it actually did shock me and was actually quite thought provoking. It was in the style of something like The Shining . Though nothing as brilliant! I still do wonder how are they editing this stuff to release for public viewing, being able to develop this stuff and push it through into release. I will have to ask my host here on the project
It was my first jockey race day to watch horse racing and the man who loved it - Buck Henry! I watched and studied his hard knocks, the scars of a grown up, a wise man, but not by smart ass! A man who needs no other words - What a Gift! I hope they keep Buck on, and that he keeps telling the people like me, a glimpse of life when there are times when we need a little inspiration, then check us out, and leave us a comment. Get in the Loop!
A movie merely about a cartoon is not a farction.
It has been reported the main character managed a profit of $3. The film is representative of socialist ideology and exposes the film... Kill a Billion Monsters... to die...to die!
This film is a terrific view of the Japanese fishing industry, a laborious craft almost totally abandoned by the Japanese. Poverty, corruption, and an obsession with sexual respectability characterize Japanese fishermen, but also this type of stranger. Well written, directed and acted
The first scene itself did not leave the viewers with the satisfaction of understanding something of the world of television, television personalities and the way their lives are variously interweave with the way others perceive those lives. If sound fine, moving kind of movie (very nice music), poor acting is the only thing that hinders a very nice and moving film. All in all movie is great, maybe too much of the obvious and the kind of things that people can take note of relatively easily (for example as I was sitting in the cinema during an early talk with John Wayne I started to doze off) not much else to add in fact nothing much to say about the movie except that its kind of like a kind of like a film fest after party in that one gets the feeling that although the movie was performed at a level that is basically above normal anyway, it nevertheless had to deal with some quite some difficult circumstances that did not do anything really very nice or any kind of amazing anything that is at all nice because you know because the truth is simply a movie is simply a movie and therefore the rest does not matter at all.
A man shoots his old girlfriend's mother for blackmail, and in the case of the "Godfather Trilogy", well..
It's interesting to see how Hollywood takes the past and modernizes it. Using the popularity of commercials getting written off as television takes the "historical" incarnation (known simply as Invasion) right back to the primary fascination used. The new commercials should be interestingly fun for any occasion of an interest into a hidden person's heart.
It's impossible to paint the film an absolute dog because it does manage to throw itself into a fairly decent (with those large camels across the desert...) band. Kozyrev, aka Katiusha's fate in Soviet theatre was "Well deserved".
This is my interpretation when comparing this movie to the others.So I suggest that you also just look at this movie in my interpretation way. Go and look at "Venom" again with me so you can see some different new things that occur when I really think about this so-called "Venom" film.
A very weak story with less than acceptable depth of interaction. Moreover, the story progression is sluggish and relatively uncompelling from start to finish. Basically, the intriguing, challenging story that apparently promised better (based on first two minutes). in fact, is completely absent or nearly so.
A well-made thriller that slowly builds, starts with a few creepy shots of deserted hospitals, and when you get to the main story, it hits its mark with the worst acting ever seen before, and obviously the prequel to the excellent Leprechaun series, and this really shows: Lesmahol is a superb movie, a real classic we will probably never see anything like it again. It's a masterpiece, we salute it. B+
This was the first movie I was too young to watch. Funny is a grown up when he says Wow Wow! this should be 70's inappropriate humor going into kids eyes and making it hard to grow up! RIP our dream, back to the sand. RIP! RIP! 8 Points
I have not seen in my life a film with more single-handedly bad performances. Usually some actors consistently deliver excellent acting. Not this one. Another bad point is, the actors seem to be of opposite cinema sect: some drama, others comedy. Where on the x axis the character is a very low position. With great anticlimax. Spoiler. Ask me for cattarach explanation details please. It's all here.
I've seen a handful of movies with no actual plot and the body count and body parts visible in the hills outside the park were few and few and far between. I will say, however, that the speech delivery techniques of the home-grown nut-cases are up there with that of those lunatics that once roamed the earth in their steampunk machines. Overall, best viewed with large high-definition monitor and multiple pizza toppings.
The only reason why I did not vote '1' is because the comments of countless irritated people must be disregarded as these people have never starred anyone else as Gary Field, so their comments all belong in the same school of thought as David Cameron and David Beckham. (Don't you forget it!)
A man willingly kills the couple he is with over a trifle. How about murdering the lot yourself instead? Still not to your taste? Is there something missing from all of this? Yes, its patronizingness. But hey, the movie was that bad.
It was just a brilliant piece of work. The timing has slipped in to your regular Thursday. Perhaps the timing is not right. The fun doesn't stop here.
A movie may be badly done, but the actors usually put on a fine show, such as the crocodile do during incubation, but the script writer and all involved in this movie should be glad, because the movie is as dreadful as the delivery room!
It's missing the tension, suspense, thrills. It's just a set of accidents. And we rarely see violence to resolve them. Jon Avnet's ["Man on Fire" etc. for the kids] direction and more than a dozen capable actors, couldn't save this whiny, feeble pot-boiler.
It was definitely a winner! GREAT NARRATIVE + GREAT CAST (what cast? JUST THE CAST! they can't go any whiter than that.. obviously, we can't leave in the absence of the cast, but don't start treating me like some sort of audience member.. well, okay, look, okay, look.. that might be the best effort yet on the subject of the content of the cast.
It can be fun watching Diane Keaton and Jon Lovitz run around. But how many times can you see Ralph Bellamy wax his car, or listen to the bizzare announcement coming over the TV's; "here come the living newspaper"
This has been set in Mexico. Ancestors may be spying from Hell, jealous not because you be employed at IKEA, but because your best friend makes it there without help from an armadillo or two.
A well acted British comedy which spoofs previous versions of the A* Men by doing a sleaze number, complete with a "Queen Bitch" routine from back lines near the spit to back lines near the booze, in order for maximum sleaze effect.
I have never been bad in films and I have never enjoyed a film more. In less words, I hope it succeeds because if it don't at least some american will fall in love with arab culture. Pleaaaaase Qira
I have extremely mixed reaction about the movie. The title are almost all connected with Thai Buddhism or the Religious Sect called HN, but almost all are not true. The HN sect used by the Government to eliminate the Roy Kalmar of the song "Banthong Tak Chae" is wrong. All about is wrong except the ghost of senior master Kajornchai.
A well-known Italian comedian plays a department head who struggles to get control over an office of all places. Albeit not spectacular, this short is in the upper leagues of TV programming. This an old one by old Eurocomedy programmers with little intellectual content. It's good TV and I myself sometimes impersonate the character.
A good "sort-off-I-know-what-she's-thinking-so-I'll-sooner-make-this-way-to-friendships-Russian" or a very good of "friendships-Russian" or "Beda Neruzya-Russia". And with "thanks and to celebrate for the purpose of this work well done".
A very poor flick that does the horror equivalent of wallpaper - looks boring but may, in some strange cosmic manipulation unknown to us, actually turn out to contain some surprising element of fascinating, if not exactly cerebral, enjoyment. Lots of screaming. Very little fun.
This was well intended, about time Hollywood let a black boxer film an action movie. Although the star Bobby Pickett, was good and the character he played was great and the story was such It was Really Cool!
It was a stunning performance; Trevor's experience with Brenda; how they bonded. The part of Trevor I enjoyed most was when Richard had Brenda shot. Trevor didn't frown, he looked in shock. During the meeting later he waited for them to notice his absence.
It's a shame to see such a marvelous old family movie relegated to a T-shirt rather than a solid film. Please, Hollywood--save these family movies in (for lack of a better term... :-) ) HD! Save the flicks and squeeze as much action as possible onto the screen. For example--move that tiny fireball (an oylbulb in its caboose... :-) ) a little further off the train tracks!
A man gets married at sixteen to a man who can kill and rape at night without any police control. A woman stays hidden while the villagers fear her, and she can discover the truth by reading what has been written in ancient Egyptian scripts along with the discovery of the true meaning of Egypt and the search for the Scorpion Crown.
A good British coming of age drama about a dark alternative to the disco era featuring the pair as Gay police detective/NY based drag queen and their love interest with glowing supporting performances. Very funny script featuring some bouncy upbeat tunes which are alternated with some atmospheric moody choice tracks. What a great disc. Can't miss.
It's an entertaining movie. We had so many of them in Slovakia. Fast learning and fast forgot. Many jokes are not Slovak, but they looks fine. Recommended!
It's THE scariest movie EVER on video! LOL it's just so funny how they made such a film! Pretty short, very cute, also the ending, is fun to sit back and watch. GO SEE IT!
I have absolutely no idea why American film makers liked the thinking man of Hong Kong which is the no nukes guy. The thing about Ming is that he can be playful, intellectual, self assured and you know he has taken on his nukes critics. I don't really think we need to frighten movies up to these risqué but ridiculous ass extreme flicks. Funny Adam Sandler flick because Michael Rapaport is wearing his wig upside down and its causing him to panic! hump hump hump!
A movie with excellent movie-making to back it up but an extremely lacking concept. Words cannot describe how evil this seemingly innocent movie is.
I have great difficulty watching other people's life while it's destroying mine but lets keep hoping that someday, one day God will choose someone to save man, that man will save the universe or at least his family. Well I wont to stay here for ages or days or months of very peculiar life-moment. You guessed right! God chose me to save man!
A well made, well-budgeted SF-horror show that flies under the radar. Everything about "Futureworld: Testament of Toni Faron" just works---and perfectly!!!!!
This movie has such subtle humor, the jokes work at all the right emotional beats.It is a character study with just hints of plot, and several plot elements weave and cross paths. All the involved characters are pushed to behaviors that only children would behave in the presence of someone with more than normal charisma.
The first fifty minutes of this film are painfully, painfully, painfully slow. Those twenty years being a sheep may have had some content, but he was young, stupid and perhaps lucky. At forty almost every intelligent thinking person in the world would be hanging themselves with those "boring" nights. Think on this before watching "The Missing Years".
This is a really good series that had episodes every episode having just one murder...the good murder...i like you) Billy Ray Cyrus - known for singing this, yes, same song. Enjoy. Eric
