Big joke! Not even bad enough to be interesting.
... my children are laughing. but i do not!
Poorly written with wooden performances by the miscast actors.
Great story and great action! Needless to say anything beyond this!!
Spectacular is an understatement for this movie. The animation is BRILLIANT. Classic.
superb performance by young Ben. Excellent also by parents especially Greg, Richard Thomas.
Great movie, great cast. Why an American and an English actor? Screenplay-reasons or actors-reasons?
One of the best Dramas I have ever seen. This is a must rental!
The original French version with Pierre Richard and Gerard Depardieu is much more better.
I love this movie, makes me cry from the second I start watching. Absolutely heartbreaking.....
This is one of the worst movies I´ve ever seen. Avoid it if you can.
The Best movie I saw in my all life Great actors Great Story just Great...
No question, it is the best film/musical ever!!! You can't beat a good Travolta film,!!!!
Jeunet and Caro managed to make the best film ever... Then they made another one :)
I saw this movie 3 times.. lovely songs and locations. The story line is too good..
Although occasionally diverting and sometimes innovative, it is still a small-time-crooks-run-rings-around-their-problems. I was bored to tears.
Terrible! The movie is better that Armaggedon. How can do thing so bad! Don´t Look! Never!
This weird story is a little too weird for my liking. But some may enjoy it.
The russian movie about russian policeman which struggles againist racketeers. Very cool movie! Must to see, IMO
Casper in a loin cloth can't save this turkey from its inept script and terrible acting
The first Ski School is a classic. This is just a weak attempt at a T&A repeat.
As an avid and self-declared "Car Chase Movie" fanatic, I found this film totally lacking in anything redeeming.
Terrible musical. Not one song is memorable and the performances are wooden. I vote to burn the negative!
This movie had a little of everything, humor, relationships, and more. I would recommend this movie to anyone
Amateuristic crap, nothing else to say about it. Sorry. Waste of any energy u put in to it.
That is exactly what I did while watching this movie. I watched the clock, hoping it would end soon.
This is a classic movie filled with non stop jokes. 100% hilarity Guaranteed. See it as soon as possible.
Awful from top to bottom. Cliched characters. Clumsy pacing and plot. Rancid dialogue. So-so directing.
Pretty Ghastly. I gave it a four cos there were some good effects. And Jeff Goldblum was in it.
Kept me interested throughout movie. A psychoanalyst would have had a field day with Jack. I rated it an 8.
very nice movie with romance and lovely music by Ilayaraja and dance by Sundaram. The photography by P.C.Sriram is beautiful
It's pretty good. I thought Eddie Murphy as always made it great. Great jokes, plot, and action. 7 out of 10.
This wasn't a very good movie. The special effects were really bad. Pay me twenty bucks and i'll watch it again.
..it would have won 10 oscars compared to this turkey! I have only one thing to say about this film. BAD!!!
Look, the frogs didn't do jack-Even in the end! They should have called this movie "Swampies" What a piece of crap!
Whoever is capable of the Austrian version of the German language (dialect) should watch this great comedy! I have laughed tears!!!
With a script by the infamous Edward Wood Jr. and the sleaziest of juvenile delinquent plots - Voila! Instant camp classic!
Pobably a whole lot funnier if you are more educated with, or involved in Jewish culture. Credit style was pretty cool.
Bad editing, over use of slow motion, horrible script, and bad plot all make for one terrible movie. 1 out of 10.
This is a feature length documentary with trail-blazing poetic/dramatic cinematic technique. Unforgettable images and startling intimacy with the subject. An undiscovered masterpiece.
It is THE BEST comedy. You must to see it. There are the more comedy in 1. It don't have a rival.
Well, it's hilarious, but... Thinking about all those relationships I might have saved had I seen it 20 years ago... Sad, sad...
Boring boring boring, I was very happy when it was over... The storyline really sucks. There is nothing entertaining about it
A true nadir in the chronology of a sometimes great director, and a female lead performance worthy of an Ed Wood film
Not the greatest film I've ever seen, but the score by Philip Glass is wonderful & the cinematography of Chicago is also terrific!
Wonderfully extravagant political western with a lovely Morricone score. A classic of this particular sub-genre, and perhaps Corbucci's finest with Il Grande Silenzio.
Not much of a story, but with a cast that consists of Clark Gable, Myrna Loy, James Stewart and Jean Harlow, who cares?
Sneak-preview in Cinecitta, Tilburg, The Netherlands. The film is surprising, funny and with a message. There´re still several talented Hollywood producers. A master-piece.
The first one was bad enough, and the short skirts, one take filming, and Jack Palance in funny hats just made me nauseous.
I wasn't interested in the story, mainly because I didn't see the point. Sophie Marceau is the only bright sight in the movie.
We saw this movie for free as a promo video, and after watching it we all vowed to never speak its name again.
Terribly Boring. I almost fell asleep. If your going to rent a jacki chan movie rent rush hour. Do not see this movie!
In many ways, a cheesy movie. But fun, and with fabulous music. Rating: worth seeing often, for the music and the corny humour.
This show is far better than Diagnosis Murder,Colombo and Murder She Wrote ever could be! It is just hilarious! Absolutely A Must See Show!!!!!!
This show is far better than Diagnosis Murder,Colombo and Murder She Wrote ever could be! It is just hilarious! Absolutely A Must See Show!!!!!!
This film really got to me. The scariest film I've ever seen. I had a hard time sleeping after I saw it. Great filmmaking.
This movie is one of the best of all time. Great animation, humor, and fighting scenes make this my favorite movie of all time!
I like the story very much. Also the cast was great. The detective and every actor in this movie was just great. Highly recommend!
Loads of fun! Reminded me of my college days... Thinking man's Animal House, smarter and better than all the other one's in its genre
A wonderful look at the 40's when radio was king. Woody Allen has captured the feeling of that era with this funny, heart-warming film.
This is a thoroughly enjoyable movie, with some classic rantings by Cary Grant. A first rate movie for people of any era and age.
It captures the spirit and grandeur of the early US space program through superb filmmaking. Great characters, great adventure, and great filmmaking. A Classic!!!
Mahima Choudhary acted very well considering that it was her first film. Overall a good family movie without violence and sex for a change.
Someday someone will take two competent actors and make a worse picture. The true tragedy of this film is that it's not even camp.
It´s no good point in this movie. The worst movie ever. I don´t want to say more. If you like boring movies, watch this.
Horrible, completely ridiculous with a not so slight touch of vulgarity. Lee Marvin is completely lost in this awful and irrealistic world. No interest.
Weak, self-indulgent, misfiring at every step. I hope everyone had a good time making this mess, because the end result is not worth seeing.
I agree that the plot is pretty weak, but there is several MILLION dollars worth of musical talent in this movie. And some decent tunes!
This movie is a remake of the old story about a land of Dinosaurs. The special effects aren't great, but it is fun to watch.
A fascinating movie. Wonderful story, camera and directing. And one of the most excellent casts I ever saw in any kind of movie. Great work!
A movie like the life - complex, with unexpected connections, ups and downs - intelligently made. The actors are great as well, especially Franka Potente.
Jack Ryan III confirms why he can't be a James Bond for the nineties - he's just too boring, although Ford does try his hardest.
No doubt, A return to Salem´s lot is the worst film I´ve ever seen in my life. Bad acting, horribles fx, incongruencies jokes... No comment.
I enjoyed hav plenty very much. This is probably the best comedy I have in my movie collection. The characters are very hilarious and entertaining.
Lots of nudity and gore in the "Howling V". This show was horendously predictable, but fun to watch. The Transalvanian castle was a nice touch.
The acting was superb. A sleeper film if I ever saw one, more people should see it. It needs to be re-released and published for sale.
Jamie Lee is enough reason for me to watch this flick. Jamie Lee in tight leotards...Yummy. Good Acting Also. You have to see it. PK
Although this western feature has much big name talent, it however fails in quality. The plot is thin.There is too much unnecessary violence. Direction is poor.
A cynical attempt by a studio to create a welsh 'trainspotting'. The two main characters are unlikable, the plot is awful and it isn't even funny.
The only good thing about this movie is the fact that it justifies every idea you and your friends have ever had about making a comedy.
Although this western feature has much big name talent, it however fails in quality. The plot is thin.There is too much unnecessary violence. Direction is poor.
I can't believe I sat through this film. I didn't find much to recommend about this film. Save yourself 90 minutes of hell. Watch something else.
Probably the worst movie I've ever seen. Apparently Terence and Bud can make any movie bad but this is the rock bottom. Try to avoid this film.
Nice crime thriller that almost seems like a lost Hitchcock film. Moody lighting contributes to the noirish atmoshpere. Ernest Thesiger turns in one of his creepiest performances.
WOW, I think that this was so great. I've seen it about 30-40 times effects were really good for 1995 A great start to a great series.
It was wonderful!! The acting was great and the idea very believeable. It was historical and entertaining combined and I enjoyed watching it with my teenage children.
This is a truly great film -- if you get a chance, be sure to see it. It's a documentary-style look at a group of UFO-worshipping weirdos.
A superior work that takes itself seriously, but avoids the tiresome moralizing so often accompnaying American films of the same subject matter. See it if you can.
Briefly, this movie should be retitled Cliche City. Not awful, but predictable, with all the tension of a courtroom confrontation vaporized. Too bad.
During the first 45 minutes I thought that this movie wouldn't be as bad as most other movie of this genre. But then I was proved wrong.
One of the worst sequels I've ever seen. I loved the original FDTD and was thrilled at the idea of a sequel, but this movie was pathetic.
This movie is characterized by gratuitous (and very excessive) violence. It's also graced by a dumb plot, and bad acting. Skip it. It's a waste of time.
Overall: Slow, but saved by a well paced ending Outstanding Performances: Joan Allen (as all ways), David Schwimmer & Anna Paquin Final: Wait till video
It's a light comedy with very humorous situations. Sometimes it gets a bit slow. Billy Cristal is good in his role of shrink, but De Niro is great!
I liked it better than the Hitchcock version, Dial M for Murder. Most of the stars measure up, except for Gwyneth Paltrow, who reminded me of Twiggy.
I like this film plot. The story is really good. It shows how a person is trying his best to proof his innocence. Nice movie but the best.
Buckaroo Banzai is quite simply the most fun movie you'll ever watch. Romance, aliens, high-technology, and gun-toting rock star techno-geniuses--how can a movie like this possibly go wrong?
So, This movie is my absolute favorite of all time. It manages to both be educating and entertaining, mixing great special effects and great dialogue. A must see
Predictable story. Acting isn't very good but I've seen worse. Timothy Dalton has done better. The fade-ins and -outs were really annoying. I regret buying the DVD.
Well, it was okay, I think... Sometimes it was just so funny that it was boring, if you know what i meen. But I could see it again!
Unsympathetic characters, dragged-out ending, predictable...If you got to watch it, watch it for the supporting characters(Voight,Danes,Phoenix, and especially, Billy Bob Thorton). Other than that, avoid at all costs!
I'm a really big Veronica Lake fan, but even she didn't keep my interest up in this movie. Perhaps it's just dated, but not one of her best.
You've never seen such a funny and cheesy monster movie at all! This is a must for all of you, who wants to see cheesy and funny movies!
Fair horror flick. Nothing too fancy, but makes for nice viewing. Perhaps lacking in the gore department, but there are some funny moments. More a horror/comedy than a gorefest.
When Michael Keaton's character is first seen as silhouette in the morgue door, a totally original comedic character was born. This character continues to be imitated but never duplicated.
Remarkable chemistry between leads Michael Sarrazin and Gayle Hunnicut pinctuates this cat-and-mouse thriller. And the camera work is nothing more than breathtaking, setting standards that have since become cliches.
Best line of the movie, " Well, according to you I'm a lying monk with an oedipus complex and an appetite for home cookin'." Oh, I love it !!!
I kept waiting for this movie to begin and then the credits began to roll. I was very disappointed, especially with stars John Travolta and Sean Penn working together.
Double Lawrence is a great movie! Little Lawrence is quite a star! The parents were great actors and so were the criminals. They should all be on 7th Heaven!
Steve and Goldie have a fast-paced fun romp throughout Gotham. Cleese's in-drag antics brought audience to hysterics. Recommend it as a break from the more intense titles recently released.
This is the worst piece of junk I have ever seen. Poorly produced, lame storyline, terrible acting. It's not even good enough to be enjoyed as a B-movie. Yikes!
This was so awful that not even Tom Servo, Crow, or Mike could make this watchable. What were they thinking? 1 out of 10 (should be zero)
Better than a lot of movies out there, but could have been done a little better...changing the story from slave to artist was dumb, and that actress was horrible!!!!
She simply didn't fit the role. Here's Douglas looking suave and rotten rich while Paltrow has that lost waif look of hers that has its place but not here.
Great director, great story, great movie, great actors and actresses (Potente, Dobra, Petri, Berger, Makatsch, Wink). I wait for video!! P.S. Great music also. CD is a must!!
1st watched 12/1/1997 - (Dir-Robert M. Young): Well put-together story of the cost that is paid for sin, more specifically adultery. Excellent acting by all with many unexpected moments.
The airport runway finale was the most romantic movie farewell since " Casablanca". A don't miss movie,,,Ben Matlock would have been locked up for life for contempt of court.
Pretty interesting film. Good enough performances by the cast. You actually get to care about the characters. Overall a well thought out story. Stuart Gordon still has his touch...
Really, really dreadful film combining the worst elements of teen movies, prison movies and low budget sci-fi. Special effects are dreadful, plot predictable and dull, characters moronic stereotypes. Avoid.
this movie is genius! I laughed through the entire thing. it had the best lines, great actor and acting and a creative plot! I recommend this to everyone!!!
This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's so bad I found myself wondering if it was in fact a comedy instead of an action movie. Terrible acting.
Man this wasn't even a decent kids movie! The only funny part was the cross dressing. Don't even rent this one, at the risk of stinking up your house.
Great dialogue if you're learning French, but there is little other reason to watch this movie. Characters had no motivation for their actions, the plot was all but nonexistent.
Almost laughable production, but still basically just plain bad. Impressive fire shots are almost "Backdraft" quality. Score rips-off "The Rock" except it lacks energy, just like this lame film.
What's there? Cinemascope, technicolor, transparencies, and two dance scenes with Cyd Charisse's wonderful legs. What else? Lame characters, cheap sentimentalism, lazy plot. Ridiculously outdated and totally dull.
Instead of depicting Joe Torre as a regular guy who did a great job with a great team, it made him seem like Ghandi. It was over-dramatic and trite.
I rather enjoyed this pilot episode of this proposed "Doctor Who" spinoff series. Too bad the BBC didn't pick it up as a series because I think it showed promise.
An amazing account of the struggle of an eleven year old boy to survive in the Warsaw Ghetto during WWII. Excellent photography and a remarkable performance by the young boy.
I'll never look at a juke box the same way- this lively film tells the story of a juke box that attracts roaches-- and are they in for a surprise!
i'll be quite concise ... i never imagined that there's a director who dared to develop psychological profiles of every character of his film to the smallest detail! pure perfection!
Career Opportunities is puerile, sophomoric, unfunny, clumsy and, at a mere 80 minutes, astoundingly dull. Of the 2000 or so movies I watched in the nineties, it's the absolute worst.
The score my John Williams is nice. The performances are generally good. The story could have used some more work early in development but it's by far the best Peter-Pan-grows-up-and-becomes-a-heartless-yuppie-Film.
This is one of the best things on tv today, if you ever get half a chance to watch it then DO!!!! so cheep it's priceless! 9 out of 10
A surprising funny Swedisch action comedy with matrix alike special effects!! Movie has some slow parts in it, but overall it is really funny and not to be missed.
Debbie Reynolds again creates a role of mother, wife, lover, and beautiful, whimsical, comedienne. She is fully at ease, and completely believable in this late sixties, slightly risque, sexy role.
Overall a pretty good movie, but it needed a new ending. The ending was sudden and felt so final.. Did not leave you with a satisfied feeling for the movie.
I can't believe I didn't see this on MST3K. It was made to make fun at - where is the real Ed Wood when you need him. Bad Really Bad
The movie was a lot like "Predator", but it kept you on the edge of your seat and it had an interesting twist at the end. I really liked it
I think that "Den eneste ene", is a wonderful movie, with great actors. It is not possible to compare Niels Olsen with Mel Gibson, it is not fair.
Easily one of the worst horror movies ever! Martin Schmidt directs with the talent (or rather lack of it) of a 10 year old Fangoria fan. Avoid at all costs!
uh.. i wasted 90 minutes already so i will be concise... ACTING: TERRIBLE SCRIPT: WORSE STORY: POINTLESS AND IDIOTIC it is bad very bad, who makes this stuff?
Oh, we enjoyed it. Yes, it was incoherent, but it was heartfelt, even if the heart was peripatetic. We enjoyed finding it fairly incomprehensible. And dig that groovy '70s style!
A great OVA series. It personfies the babes with guns anime. Wonderful music, in depth plotline, perfect villain. The only thing this series leaves to be desired is slightly better artwork.
With a title like Sex Monster I was expecting a little more than what was shown. There were many suggestions and noises of sex happening, but no visuals. Irritating.
The most dull film ever made. Completely devoid of any wit, charm or even plot. Uniquely depressing, wretched, uninspired, dragging, useless, sleep-provoking, irritating; I think I have already made my point.
This movie was the darkest movie (besides Christine) that I have ever seen. I would not recommend either of them. Although the cars were pretty cool. The movie was, well, evil.
If you havent seen this movie...... do it !! It is absolutely fantastic. Steve Martin in is best role ever. If you dont like it, god forbit, I dont wanna know
A very lyrical movie from Chile, reminded me much of Tarkovsky's work. The acting was also excellent. This was certainly the best movie shown this season in our international movie club.
This is not a bad adaptation of Wambaughs book until the end. For some reason someone decided the movie needed an up-beat ending and blew the black ending of the book.
I found myself, after nearly two hours, wondering, if I had any self respect, "would I still be watching this awful film?" I left the theater. This film is s***e.
My wife and I rented this movie just because we couldn't find anything else at the time, and did we get a surprise! Great, funny movie, anyone should enjoy this one.
Totally crap, amateur actors and terrible storyline - i was really disappointed. If you don't have better things to do than watch this film, i feel sorry for you =)
Peter Billingsly plays a young man who arranges his own kipnapping only to realise that his parents don't miss him. This is a dreary, laughless satire that completely misses its target.
Don't waste your time. This movie is so stupid I wonder why it got 2 votes of 10. It was probably the creators, trust me on this. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!
this is dreadful. the dialogue is sophomoric. but it's in French so critics love it. Rent 'A Taste of Others' if you want to see a good French romantic comedy.
A very mediocore show. HHH winning really sucked because WrestleMania is supposed to be a "Make the fans go home happy" show. Everything else was hit or miss Mildly recommended
My first thoughts on this film were of using science fiction as a bad way to show naked women, althought not a brilliant story line it had quite a good ending
I didn't care about any of the characters. They all seemed to be acting. No one was convincing. It started out like it was going some place but never got anywhere.
Mighty Mack, Buster, Cab and Elwood have good chemistry. Musical talent throughout was A++. Battle of bands brought together an eclectic group of musical greats. Would have loved hours more of it.
This movie is the only one that is true to the real story that I've seen. It's not really fancy but the story is so good and it has an awesome message
What does a director do if he hasn't enough fund? Dervis Zaim did his best. Ahmet Ugurlu,Tuncel Kurtiz acted perfectly. Realistic,different and smart are the adjectives to describe this film.
Possibly the best film Jim Carrey has ever graced the screens with. With the sexy Courtney Cox along-side him and his own funny personality, it couldn't go wrong. A fantastically funny movie.
Gina Chiarelli shines in a stunning performance as Grace, a schizophrenic woman who believes the second coming of Christ is imminent. Also strong performances from Tom Scholte, Paul McGillion and Jennifer Copping.
Naional Lampoon's Thanksgiving reunion was extremely hilarious! Bryan Cranston, kept me laughing all night long, and Judge Reinhold right after him. I certainly hope that they show this again before next year.
Saw this movie again. Great performance from the lead roles, great story line and a great score. This has got to be without a doubt a major major movie that is overlooked.
good movie, also very painful for anyone from that region of the world. i warmly recommend it to americans - try something other than hollywood - it doesn't hurt...
The worst horror(?) movie ever...AWFUL,AWFUL,AWFUL,AWFUL,AWFUL...I lost 2 hours of my life watching this unbelievably bad movie...A 5 year old kid could have directed it better,wrote it better,acted better...Avoid it at all costs...
The movie lacked in every department...the storyline, the characters, the actors...it wasn't even mindlessly entertaining... It is no surprise the movie never got a nation wide release...it bombed as an independent project...
I think this movie is bad, I think it´s really bad. =) The first Exorcist was a masterpiece, but this... don´t see it! I vote 1 of 10 on this one!
This movie really sucks. The US anti-terror unit are using German Schmeisser submachine guns from the Second World War. Absolutely ridiculous!!! This is probably the worst Tom Berenger movie ever.
a movie about a woman who starts fires as she becomes aroused..this movie will definitely not cause any fires..Could've been done a whole lot better on a scale of one to ten...2
This has to be one of the worst movies ever made. A low-speed car chase? Please. The dialogue is some of the worst I've heard since the Nixon tapes aired.
This show is a wonderful oasis in the wasteland that is television today. Well written and well acted. The lead characters are amazingly well-developed, and I honestly enjoy each episode. Well worth watching!
This movie is so great! Everything in this movie is perfect! The epic scope, humor, music, acting, heroes, locations, villains, pretty as I said, everything about this movie is perfect!
The characters in this film came alive. I was so caught up in the saga and passion of the storylines that I forgot it was fiction! It was a truly memorable film!!
Bad actors, bad script, bad costumes, bad hair, bad makeup, bad plot, bad special effects. Hmm, let's see, what's the theme here? Oh yes, could it be "Bad?" So bad it's laughable.
This movie is a definite must see. Even not being a huge fan of football(soccer) this movie held me captivated. Acting is definitely top caliber. Rachel Weisz is absolutely amazing in this movie.
"Junk Drawer" was a well- written story. Although, I felt that the movie did the ending no justice. The movie could have more effectively portrayed the cleverness of the story's ending.
When Marilyn first goes to the embassy to meet the Grand Duke and ends up getting tipsy is an absolute riot. I think this is one of her better comedic jobs. Very enjoyable.
I'd just like to say that Fortress is one of the most imaginative,creative and highly entertaining '90's Sci-Fi action films,which never gets boring and always engages.The robots and the action scenes are amazing.
This movie is so bad, you can't help but laugh. The dialogue is horrible, the acting is horrible, the effects are horrible. It is not scary, but it is a helleva good laugh.
If you're an 80's teen movie fan, this parody of Carrie is definitely worth a look. So what if Scott Baio can't act? It's a one gag picture, but it has its moments.
THE BEST GAME EVER-SONIC ADVENTURE 2! THE STORY IS AMAZING! and heart-touching. I've played ALL the sonic games and i have to say, that this is one of the best!
GREASE is the best film musical I've ever known. As a JT fan, I think that all JT movies are excellent but GREASE is his funniest movie. AWOMP BAMMA LOOMA AWOMP BAMP BOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!
Out of all the awful movies I've seen in my life, this is the one I came closest to demanding my money back for. The time-travel sequence was excruciating enough the *first* time...
I registered at IMDB just so I might warn other unsuspecting viewers from this flick. More than anything else, it reminded me of hotel softporn -- sans the excellent acting and plot. Beware!
This was typical of the one-sided, unintentionally funny, and jingoistic action movies that came out during the Reagan Administration, and as such, clearly shows its age. See Edward Zwick's "The Siege" instead.
Don't waste your time. I Love DeNiro and McDormand and mere words cannot express my disappointment with their performances. This movie is one dimensional and without any substance. DeNiro fans should look elsewhere.
Why!!! It has to be illegal to do this with one of Robert E. Howards characters. This movie is totally crappy. It's even too bad to laugh at. Do not see this movie.
This was clearly written by someone who has gone through the mind numbing, soul snatching experience of being a temp. It captures the self-worthlessness perfectly and also the stupidity of modern corporate America today.
One of the best comedies of the nineties. The ending is perhaps a little sickly but that apart, this is a top notch comedy with Beckinsale putting in a marvellous performance. Definitely worth watching.
If you look into the latest in non-lethal weapons, you will find a Light Strobe device that will stun people for periods of time. The weapon used in the Movie Looker is now real.
This movie left me with the urge to get a pro-rata refund from my local cable company. I can only imagine what people felt at the movie theaters after paying $8.25 for this bomb.
Okay, Maybe they should have titled the movie differently because it is not just about bees, it is a wonderful feel good movie that can bring hope to those that are feeling down.
With the good audio and video effects, The Prince of Egypt being a good movie I have seen. Especially from the original songs such as "Deliever Us", I like it very much as well!
Probably neither. Difficult to understand all the negative reviews for this enjoyable and well acted movie. Domineering ambitious mothers do exist. Some of their sons, however good looking, are sometimes both stupid and heterosexual.
Good movies are unpredictable if unrealistic. Has anyone, I wonder, suffered through this film for any other reason than being a Gwyneth Paltrow fan or wanting to see if Jessica Lange has aged gracefully?
George Kennedy is a good actor, but not as Patton. Lee Montague might be a good actor but please!! Lucky Luciano!! he is not. the casting of the above people detracted from the plot.
Overall, this movie was dumb. I gave it a 2. To me the most interesting things were Jade's accent and the late 60s fashions. The make-up looked about high school play level.
This film should not be missed, it's an amazing job by one of the best actors, Mr. Mastroianni has shown us what acting is all about. What a wonderful story... what a wonderful film!
Familial love and deceptions form the basis for this witty, endearing movie. Like Cinema Paradiso, from the same director, this film shows the limits of nostalgia -- and the magic of it. Heavy sentimentality.
Ellen Barkin remains one of moviedom's sexiest actresses, exuding both a sensuality and an intelligence that are exceedingly captivating. "Sea of Love" is probably her best role, and Pacino is likewise excellent. Highly recommended.
The movie has a lot of action.I saw that it had a lot of special effects.The acting was alright ,and it could be a little better throught the movie.Other than that it was ok.
Its a masterpiece... It's sooo mean!! Definitely a movie I will watch again. I was laughing my butt off during the whole movie. Looking forward to Kevin Allen's new film with great anticipation.
Totally engrossing series. Excellent cast, with a young Tom Conti particularly outstanding. Many mini-series have since come and gone, but very few match it in quality or in hauntingly evoking an era. A masterpiece.
Terrible. None of the wit, charisma, or surprise of From Dusk Till Dawn. They should be ashamed to use the same name. Not even a good "bad" movie, and I appreciate decent "B" movies.
Great actors in a boring, melodramatic plot. I was struggling to find anything of interest in this cliched propaganda movie. Don't be fooled by the cast -- rewatch Casablanca or The Maltese Falcon instead.
This is the foulest Godzilla film in the series. It features an annoying kid. Attrocious songs and can only be watched with the buffer of the bots, Joel or Mike. Avoid at all costs.
just a terrible excuse for a movie. this project greatly tarnished the already damaged knight rider franchise. this was dismal filmmaking. complete trash, not worth the 8 or so million they spent making it!
A sick, twisted and perverted movie. Displaying penetration where it should not occur and showing what happens when unbalanced people are not brought up correctly. All in all, an interesting affair from Mr. Cronenberg.
The animation good, the music is great, the choice fo the story appropriate for a Christmas release (after all, Christmas is a CHRISTIAN holiday). Also, very accurate to the Biblical account of the story.
an amazing film. unpredictable, even to a film junkie and his or hers thousand films. Pedro is a true storyteller.this film withstands numerous viewings.as always, Pedro's bright color schemes make this one(too) a visual delight
is a great movie with a no-usual drama. Bardem is great.. and almodovar good as always. is a very unusual drama and so easy to understand, maybe one of the best representation of spanish movies..
Another boring "comedy" from the Lorry gang. An orgy in boredom, although not as dull as "Yrrol", focusing on some married couples and their endless whining and nagging... A fat 0 out of 10
Don't see this movie. I stopped watching after 15 minutes or so... This is terrible acting, there is no story and I couldn't figure out what was happening and why anyway. Just don't do it.
This is actually the first Korean movie i ever saw, and it was really hilarious. If this is Korean crazy comedy, I want to see more. Recommended if you don't hate "foreign" film.
This is the greatest TV series ever! I hope it hits the shelves! A movie would be da bomb! The special f/x are so cool! Too bad the series died. Hope for a renewal! !
There was other games that appeared that used video to tell their story, but no game before did to the extent of Wing Commander 3. The first product really worthy of the term "Interactive Movie"
IMHO the best film Fields ever made (and that's saying something). I have been looking for a copy of it for 15 years, but I can't find one. I hope it is not permanently unavailable.
I was very impressed with this piece. It was well written, exceptional character development, well directed and very well acted. I believed every character. This is one's a winner and I will watch it again.
The Cinematography by Peter Biziou is excellent and the acting by Gene hackman and Willem Dafoe is great.Not perfect but very entertaining and the film has a good story that is inspired by real-life events.4/5
This was the worst movie I have ever seen, bar none, and I've seen some honkers. I cannot conceive of how or why it was made. It was pathetically acted, painfully scripted, and all-around stupid.
This is one scary movie. Richard Jordan is one of the finest actors ever to grace stage and screen. He died too early, and we were the losers. Jordan's talent makes this movie a TEN.
No plot, bad acting, gratuitous gore, and stupid jokes. I turned it off 30 minutes into it cause it was so bad. Horrible movie I give it a 0. Salems lot was 20003923523523054270235 times better!
Quite possibly the best film ever - certainly the best space film ever. An all-star cast, good special effects and a brilliant story drive the film along. Like I say, the best film ever made?
The best movie about reggae music and Jamaica. It goes much deeper than just explaining the music or the place. Beautifully done like a dream with a purpose. The best documentary I have ever seen.
This is a totally absurd movie with stupid fighting scenes and poor script. The characters lack characterization and the director lacks brains. Remember not to bother watching it. You have been warned. 4/10 from me.
Marie Windsor is brain washed by moon women. Some scenes are in early 3D. Windsor had much better showcase in The Girl in Black Stockings with yummy Mamie van Doren and delicious Lex Barker.
A film so bad, I'm not sure even MST3K could save it. Every time you think "This is the worst--it can't get any stupider than this," it does. I finally left at the cat-slaughtering scene.
Good idea, but a very weak scenario filled with ridiculous and useless new developments (hostage taking and death of the colleague of Holly Hunter : do you believe it ?). But both actresses are great.
I just finished watching this film with pain. although it has some laughable scenes, but failed to reach the quality badly which is other great parody movies has achieved. Don't waste your time and Money!!
The only good thing in this movie is Leslie Neilsen, the movie woulda been better if it would have spoofed Dracula and not tried to be a remake. I give it 2.5 out of 10
Pretentious teenage angst-w**k - that which is not utterly predictable is utterly nonsensical. Acting, Direction, Editing appalling, Dialog & Plot little better. Avoid unless you are a 16 with your head up your own colon...
Great fun for adults and children alike. I wore out my video copy by pausing during the stop motion animations to find the hidden subliminal messages in most of them. No satanic messages, just feel-good thoughts.
For all those people that did not like Jaws 2, this third installment makes the second look as good as the original! Not worth writing about!!! STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!!! Grade: F
I was dumbfounded at how bad this movie is. So bad it's good. My brother thinks this is the worst movie ever and watches it over and over again for the camp appeal. SEE THIS MOVIE.
I was really surprised I didn't hear anything about this when in theaters, it being from John Hughes and all. Typical Hughes - good story, heartfelt, funny - it has everything a good movie should have.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The spanish title for this movie was "sin motivo aparante" which means with no aparent motive. It should have been called with no aparent plot.
I thought it was a pretty good suspense film. I also thought Jessica and Gwenyth did a good job. My only complaint is that they gave away who the killer was too early in the movie.
A delightful visual feast and cinematic event that is thoroughly recommended. A stimulating leading role from Marcello Mastroianni and a script peppered with some brilliant gentle comedy. A subtitled film that is a joy to watch.
What a misguided translation of what was on stage an absolute jewel. Watching this mess, one wonders what anyone ever saw in the orginal stage production. Utterly charmless, even if it is all in three/four time.
Lynda really makes this film, although this is quite a good, fun film that was ahead of its time but a bit behind ours. Lynda is fantastic in it and the other actors are quite good.
Steve Martin finally found a vehicle to show-case his talents. No silliness; just good, straight comedy. The meringue dance sequence is fantastic. Good directing had a lot to do with the quality of "My Blue Heaven".
In my opinion this is Fellini's no 2 picture(after Satyricon). Its beauty, it's wildness,its kindness, its madness... Everything is so incredibly intelligent, the music, the colours, the imagination in the scenes of the car-race,in the houses...
For a 6,9'' tall Dutchguy I had to cry many times, great humor and plot, great movie I love Shirley and Jack. I really love the music , it makes my flesh creep, great..
This is one of the best kung-fu films I have seen. The originality, which is common in kung-fu films, is astounding. The characters are great; Carter Wong is awesome as the villain. A classic kung-fu film.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The spanish title for this movie was "sin motivo aparante" which means with no aparent motive. It should have been called with no aparent plot.
the scene when grossberger meets pryor, and wilder alone is worth it! and when they are playing cards!!!!! and wilder's "back problem cure" scene is astounding!!!!! these two actors were made to work together!
I don't watch the show, and the movie had me laughing for the majority of the running time! I didn't even expect to like it as much as I did. Even the musical numbers are good.
How rare to find a sequel so embarrassing. Gone is the plot, mystery, the dark aspects of the first... a sham. Glad I only rented... You will use your fast forward a lot during this film.
After brilliant documentaries from BBC, like The Planets or The Life of Birds, I'm surprised they bother to sell this c*** on DVD. In stead of checking out "Space" try Armageddon. The effect are better.
One of the most appallingly bad vampire movies ever. Without any ability to act or communicate a story visually, the writers/directors/actors resort to an almost constant narrative voice-over. It's really bad. Run away. Very, very fast.
Yet another dull "stepford wife" riff. This movie moved along at the speed of molasses on a cold day. The acting wasn't too bad, but the story was lame. Don't waste your time with this one.
I watched this movie just for the sake of a good sci-fi movie. My hopes were turned down; more like a thriller and an erotic b-movie...starring Mario and the girl in Poison Ivy 2 or 3.
An acquired sense of humour is needed if you are to enjoy this production. I found only maybe 50% of the skits of this humouress, the rest a bit of a bore. Worth a risk.
Very unappealing distorted characters and a gruesome violent theme. It is hard to like a movie when the story is unremittingly violent and barbaric while the characters are cold and (Donovan excepted) unappealing to look at.
Between the bad accents, the horrible directing, and the predominantly bad acting, it couldn't be any worse. Even poor Richard Bremmer didn't look good trying to act while using that rotten Russian accent. Skip this one.
This must rate as one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Norris is appalling and hardly says a word in the entire film. Almost laughable if it wasn't trying to be serious. Very poor.
Nice quirky film that plays on different aspects of social and cultural stereotypes. A refreshing look at the passions that move the human heart, with a few interesting, if somewhat predictable, plot twists and a surprising ending.
The quest for real Juju music is so admirable that I sat through this sad movie thinking repeatedly, "Gosh, this could have been tightened up here, paced up there..." It was frustrating to look at the possibilities.
For once a real love story that involves real people. Middle aged, overweight and wringled. Great writing and great acting. Everyone over the age of 49 ought to be required to watch this film. Jill is great.
we just laughed soooo hard...nearly passed out from lack of air....sure feels good to laugh. I'm so glad i was born with "Happy Genes" . Exciting movie of mid-life divorcees . recommend to watch..will not be disappointed
We used to have a video player in the navy and this was one of our favourites. Neat music, an easygoing dialogue and great surf scenes. Don't look to deep, and enjoy it for what it is.
The movie is OK: Bogdanovich knows how to direct a thriller, although his best work was "Noises Off...". Scott Glenn is perfect: nice, beautiful and very, very expressive: my favourite actor!!! Laura Leighton is pretty and nice.
Very good escript, beautiful womans, and good estoria. I like this movie berry, berry much. Maybe more movies come out about Latinos from America. They are funny peoples. Congratulations to this Art, Viva Mexico! Viva Latino cinema!
Kellie Martin's great role in this movie is the guarantee for good entertainment. A lot of emotion and basic human questions about the parents-children relation. Did you know that Kellie Martin is a skilled soccer player? :-)
Unless you are totally into "lesbian sex sounds" (there are few visuals here) stay away from this horribly made piece of junk. There's one or two funny lines, and that's it! 1 out of 10.
If I had to pay to see this alleged movie, I would have contacted a Lawyer for my money back. Any resemblance to the real Will Kane is purely a coincidence. Low Noon!, should be the title!
This movie is kinda cheesy but its good, I love the appearance of the "Turbo Interceptor" (the car that the wraith drove", the ending is a happy one, and the gang well.....that would be telling too much!
Twin Falls Idaho is a beautiful film with unforgettable characters. Highly recommend to viewers who appreciate love and understanding. This is a film that one can watch for a second time and value the story line. 10/10
Gina is a wonderful actress and she is marvelous in this realistic portrayal of life in New York City. In all her moods her personality rings true. The film leaves some unanswered questions but so does life.
I was drawn in some segments,but unfortunately,i just see half. Let a director do sth. good just in 50 seconds seems too unimaginalbe,but of course they are master,so they can make those 50 seconds produce nice cinema.
Caught this movie on the Encore channel for the first time, and was very moved. Wonderful plot, wonderful visuals, and a cool dog! Great performances by Cusack and a young Salenger. I'd recommend this movie to anyone.
Possibly THE most neglected movie of the 70s, BADGE 373 is, simply, the greatest movie ever made!!! Witty dialogue, excellent action scenes, touching characterization and a shatting climax. Do what ever you can to see BADGE 373...unstoppable!!!
Man this movie was so great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I laughed the entire movie and after 4 times of seeing it i keep laughing. Even though it's a comedy movie the story line is pretty good. Very Highly Recommended!!!!!
This film has everything: murdering mad monks, evil clocks, crucifix murders, car chases, corpse-bothering, maximilian schell and rachel leigh cook as satan! It may be uninentionally funny, but this film is inspired genius and deserves a sequel!
This film is a very funny satire on politics with Warren Beatty telling the truth. Platt & Berry are great support. I laughed so hard when he raps. Just hated the ending. Rating:****1/2 (out of five)
This documentary masterfully explores the world of Skinheads and the Klan in underground America. It is both entertaining and informative. I would recommend it to anyone who wishes to gain perspective on the topic of racial hatred.
Small budget, interesting film. At slow points, I appreciated the film like I would a foreign small film. It speeds up and wraps up very well. Very engaging portrayal of Buenos Aires and tango.
If you like sad stories about the children, this one is the best. I watched this movie 5 times and every time I cried. If you know where I can buy this movie , please contact me.
I first seen it on our national TV before more that 10 years and I was stunned ! Movie is simply great ! So easy and in the same time so great...... anybody have a copy ?
This is my all time favorite. Borgnine and Vincent gives a really good acting in this tv show. Bellisario has created this master piece. The best tv show ever. Jan-Michael vincent rules.Also check out Nightrider and A-team.
this has to be the funniest movie I've ever seen. I've seen it about 20 times and I laugh harder every time. Adam Sandler is brilliant and so is Ben Stiller and that guy from Rocky 10/10
It's classical comedy - and if you like firemen, beer, stryc Pepin, well-known czech humor and Hrabal's "Pabitele", you must saw it. Good knowledge of Czech language is important! And don't forget to buy "medvidka myvala". :)
It's not too often that even a decent filipino film comes out these days. Was it over-hyped? Maybe. But it was a good, solid film. And in our struggling industry, movies like those are all too rare.
If you're a Degrassi High/Junior High fan, maybe you shouldn't watch this movie. They ruin the lives of just about every character on the show! It is sad and depressing. This movie should have never been made!
This movie is sooooooo bad.....but that part when the bad guys are torturing Lou-Z and start cutting up his toupee is just too funny--I could not stop laughing!! You gotta see it, just for that part alone!
This is the worst movie I can remember having watched! A sort of "new violence but not really" type of movie. Bad acting, stupid plot, going nowhere, ending nowhere. The only thing I liked was the Edward-character.
Move over Plan 9 From Outer Space. Charlotte Gray's only distinction is that it has quite possibly moviedom's worst ending. See it, if only for that. Otherwise, this movie deserves to go straight to cult status.
If you're after a Nielsen comedy, don't bother. His role is a mundane supporting one and lacks his usual comedy genius. Unfortunately, the performances and plot he supports is lifeless and average. The dogs don't even contribute.
Joan Crawford should had broken into the vaults at M-G-M studios and BURNED this film. Not only is she TERRIBLE in it, but the production itself is laughable. Joan even attempts to sing and is often off-key.
Fairly entertaining, mostly tedious little drama about a man (Steve Railsback) who becomes addicted to cocaine. His wife (Pamela Sue Martin) attempts to help him. Martin is admittedly very good, but the movie itself is only so-so.
As in an earlier comment, the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version, (known as "Final Sacrifice" is a hilarious spoof of this Canadian made movie! Unless you like campy, simple plotted, lame action movies, don't see this one.
"Soul Assassin" tries to cover up the absence of substance and bucks with hyperkinetics and effects; nice try but no cigar. Shallow, transparent, contrived, and just plain stupid. Let's hope Malkin gets a real job. Pass. (D-)
Good build up but this thriller is not always thrilling. There is one good sequence that is tense, but it is hard to care about the characters. The relationship with the girlfriend was lame. Overall pretty average.
Groucho are Carmen Miranda are Marvooolussss together. What a great combination and beauty and the beast. The movie has it all, cheesey musicals, goofy love scenes and Groucho's one liners. Buy it if you are a Groucho fan.
The Shakespearean references and underlying philosophical "being and becoming" themes involving machine and human nature, elevate this above average Sci-Fi film to the "next level". Not as classic a film as the existential "Blade Runner" but worthwhile nevertheless.
Monk is Tony Shaloub's newest project. He plays an PI who has OCD {Obsessive Compulsive Disorder}. OCD is a serious mental condition that causes people to obsess over things. Shaloub makes it work though. *** out of ****.
All the acting is poor. The plot is weak. The film is merely a vehicle to display Dorothy Stratten's body. On that count, well done. But, even that is not enough to maintain an interest to the end.
This is the best post-apocalyptic action film since THE ROAD WARRIOR. Everything about it works: the story, the acting, the sets, the special effects. It amazes me that this film never found it's audience. I think it's fantastic.
I don't understand people writing here this movie is a soap opera. OK it's about relationships and it's not a character sketch, but it's also a well done movie with some very strong moments and some fine details.
I stumbled across this masterpiece on the TV. It was an accident and I ended up admiring this film for its sheer attempt at portraying a realistic world. Great movie for intro to fun films of the 1970's.
A very simple movie, that makes fun of those Spanish Novela Soaps. Rent this if you are interested in character developed stories, and not the Hollywood hype. A different look at movies, through the Hispanic in Taco shops.
This movie really is as good as it gets. The cinematography, the dialogue, plot, structure, acting, and especially editing rank with the greatest movies of all time from any country. Don't even consider missing this, you'll regret it.
Joan Crawford plays a shrewish egotistical Broadway star- in other words HERSELF! In one ridiculous scene, Joan, in her first color film, wears light black face that makes her look like Dorothy Dandridge! Camp trash deluxe.
Good atmospheric serial killer-on-the-loose-and-we-need-to-catch-him romp. Excellent scenes of blood and gore caught me a bit by surprise. Typically Asian in approach and all the better for it. Lots of atmosphere. DVD (R1) quality good but not reference. Recommended.
Who'dve thought California-Kirsten could do period so nicely. She was gorgeous in this. Who was the boy's father? He was really good. What an awesome period piece and just beautiful costumes. I also thought Geraldine James was wonderful.
The male star's vocabulary consisted of "one word" The word that would get 'erased' at least fifty times if we were to think this horrible movie would ever make it to the TV screen for humans to watch.
Jessica Pare is fantastic - she looks and plays the part perfectly, never overplaying it. I loved the show, especially since it zips along pretty quickly. It also has some amazingly funny moments thanks to the Blane character.
If you liked the first two Crow movies, you will not like this. It does not follow the true "Crow formula". The true power which was contained in the Crow is totally violated. Very disappointed.
I'm surprised this film is not higher rated. This is a great film about America and certainly one of the great comedies. Walter Matthau was born for this role. The kids are impeccably cast. Hilarious, moving and inspirational.
'Raven' was a great show. It had a good plot, great fight sequences, and awesome chemistry between the actors. I highly recommend it if you can find it. I am still trying to find the episodes on videotape!
A pretty nice movie, not one of these typical "gangster and rap movie", it is actually quiet moving, and has an interesting moral in it. This movie is worth viewing. Acting is great too, really good young actors.
This is one of my absolute favorite movies. It has an incomparable depth, and each layer of dialogue is intense and perfect in its own right. It is perhaps one of the most "real" movies I have seen.
The movie delat with a delicate topic. It could have been hokey or over-sentimentalatized, but was smooth, deft, well done. I was quite moved by it. Characters were all very real, believable. Who are the 'elephant men' today?
If you're a masokist, do watch the movie. Other than that I would never suggest to anyone that they should watch this movie. Bad acting, even worse story line. I was amazed how mad it really was.
I had a coupon for a free movie rental and the movie looked like it might be interesting. I wish I could get my free rental coupon back. I would rather have watched "Battlefield Earth" again.
Unlike most summer movies (The Perfect Bore, MI2), this is about the characters, not the effects. Despite that, you get cool effects, good action and some solid laughs on top of the deep characterization the movie centers on.
The perfect tv show of the eighties. Here in Italy arrived some time later but it was recognized absolutely fantastic. It will be always in my memories, thanks a lot Don, Philip, Edward and all the guys !
I don't care what anyone say's this is a good movie. It's funny and really entertaining. There isn't a dull moment. But it doesn't really belong in the horror movie genre actually there is no genre for Horror/Comedy/Action/Porn.
This movie is remarkably funny if you enjoy Dennis Miller's humor from "Dennis Miller Live" He's great in it. Angie Everheart's humor just isn't funny, she's ok. The effects and vampire mythology were so pathetic they were funny.
An extremely entertaining movie, with the typical Adam Sandler type of humor. I am a huge Sandler fan and this is by far my favorite of all his movies. One of the funniest movies I have seen.
In a screwball comedy, the dialogue should be sharp, witty, and come fast and furious. "Nothing Sacred" has a few flashes of true humor delivered by Carole Lombard, but is an otherwise plodding, dull, and pedestrian comedy.
I've only seen this in the 'edited' DVD form. If this is indeed cut to bits like I've read, the original must have been fantastic. I thought that the performances of David Morrissey and Timothy Dalton were riveting.
I couldn't stand but 30 minutes of this swill. Lame, utterly stupid jokes used in the most idiotic instances: third grade dialogue with a kindergarten story. Who wrote this crap? Even Sandra looked like hell, positively fat. Putrid!
Perhaps the worst film I've seen in a long time. All cliche all the time. Leslie Nielson plays his Airplane, Naked Gun, etc. etc. character, Judge Reinhold is awful and those are the good things abut this bomb!
funny, fancy talking, a lot of hair and a background microphone appearing on the screen! what do you need more? fortunately the movie had a good ending. not bad at all for lovers of this genre.
The teaser on the front of the movie box said, "better than The Usual Suspects!" I couldn't disagree more. This movie solely lacked any character development, was poorly acted, and had a dumb storyline. Don't waste your time.
I have never seen such pathetic acting. I have never seen such a pathetic script. I cannot figure out how someone could ever pay to have this movie made. It was horiffyingly bad in every aspect.
I'm still laughing- Not! I'm still asking my myself what the point was. I barely got a chuckle, this movie sucks. It tries to be charming and touching, but it turns out stupid. I do not recommend it.
We all know that this movie was made for young children. But even children shouldn't have their intelligence insulted like this.. The special affects don't even try. The dialog is worse than cartoons...This film is just plain bad.
Wretchedly directed, dully written, with no characters, just situations, KUFFS is not improved by the addition of grotesquely inappropriate Three Stooges-like comedy (complete with sound effects) and stupidly flamboyant directorial touches. Avoid as though it were deadly poison.
A 90's Bonnie and Clyde-type flick. This movie is loaded with cliches, inane dialog and lousy acting. The only saving grace is the always superb John Spencer as the lonely, creepy (but strangely loveable) Uncle Mike
This is one of those low budget affairs that purport to present an alien world or a bleak future whilst looking like they were filmed in a warehouse for about $20,000.... which Mars probably was. Tedious and unexciting.
Perhaps the WORST attempt to tell the story of Arthur, Lancelot, and Guenevere ever made. From poor costuming to a complete inability to follow even the most basic fundamentals of the Arthurian Legends, this movie has it all.
My husband brought this home thinking it would be exotic- it was trite and stupid-- no one had any redeeming value- especially the girl- and they seem to think tongues are sexy.... much hype no affection or action.
The movie only cost $2 Million!  You can tell. The actors chose their own wardrobe!  You can tell The all time worst vanity film ever made by a Hollywood Director - You can tell!
Plot sounded entertaining but the cast simply could not pull off a potentially entertaining script. If Kathy Long and Brian Bosworth ever appear together, that film possibly could rate worse that this C film! Terrible waste of time.
3 men go on a murder spree. They drive through the country and end up at an old Farmhouse. Inside is a girl and her grandpa. They Terrorize the girl sending her to use self-defence with her axe...
Could call this four actresses in search of a story.I felt bludgeoned with the message of helplessness in the workplace. Maybe it would work in a job satisfaction seminar, but for a Saturday night , give me a break.
It appeared to be not plausible from the beginning. Some of the scenes were almost ridiculous. As regular movie goers, this film can be missed without missing a thing. The acting also detracted from developing a potentially great theme.
Juice is a well made drama that focuses on 4 kids who just get tangled up in a bad situation. It is well directed by Ernest Dickerson and it has a lot of style. Good cast. Worth a watch.
I enjoyed this "How to..."romantic/comedy, the chemistry between Kate and Matthew was electric. They both have good comedic timing. The challenges between this couple made for funny entertainment that help carry you away from life's hardships. A must see.
A very entertaining suspense movie from Germany. If you love the X-Files you'll like this one too. It gives a lot to think about! I'm also sure we'll see the well playing young actors again soon in another movie.
As I was watching this film, I realized how similarly structured this film was to 'Traffic': the jumps in time that seem startling, yet turn out to be very smooth transitions, uniting many beautiful histories into one legendary story.
This is a wonderful film with great characters, classic set, and snappy dialogue. Jimmy Cagney turns in a great performance on this little known film. A fun time if you like interesting characters playing people we all know.
This story about two twin volleyball stars who discover their love for basketball. This story has a very good plot and you can tell that the director and playwright spent a long time preparing it. I definetely recomend it.
There was hardly a character that I didn't identify with or at least have compassion for in this film. There but for the grace of god go I...and apparently Steve Buscemi. I'm giving it a 10 of 10!
Humor, suspense, deception and intrigue! Insignificant Other is Fun. The camera work is effective and the sound track original and well done (Where can I find that music?). The plot takes some interesting twists. Never a dull moment
The movie is very believable and the cast does a fantastic job. It is a wonderful blend of sci-fi and reality. This is a must film for anyone that enjoys history as well as possible future ventures through space!
If you saw "Airport '77", "Passenger 57", and "The Peacemaker" then you have seen this movie. The good guys are good and the bad guys are bad. And surprise surprise good wins. Oh, sorry I gave away the ending.
I enjoyed this film very much. It was entertaining and comical and superbly produced! The correlations between the original Shawshank Redemption were masterfully orchestrated. Additionally, the actors performances could should be closely watched as they did a phenomenal job!
I am very interested in Giant Rock and the Contactees, but found this film very boring. Rev. Robert Short, who is in this film, produced his own video titled "UFO'S - The Giant Rock Story", which is far better.
Trash ! NBC has fallen to new lows....what garbage can did they find this in ?? No plot, no story, you can't understand the words spoken, no character development, just another day on TV............... Have a nice day...................
Toolbox is 'a jump out of your seat screaming' horror with fast paced laugh-out-loud fun. The perfect get-away from the real world, scare me to death, make me smile, send me home, hide-the-toolbox kind of horror movie I love!
This was Audie Murphy's account of his actions during WW2. He saw many of his friends' die as he went through the travails of war. This was a graphic look at the horror and waste of man's ultimate folly.
Very entertaining, with an actual story line that made sense and even a surprise happy ending. Loved the dialogue too. Tom Bastounes is too cute!! Sorta a Bill Pullman type but with a great voice. Hope he does more.
I think this is the best out of all the Dirty Harry movies. This one has style. Some of the best one-liners are from this movie alone. "That's mighty white of you" After seeing this movie...Clint is Dirty Harry.
This is no budget at its best. Hope to see more of A. Schnaas in the near future (heard he is doing an new 35 mm film called "Demonium"). This one really is great underground, and great special fx.
Kevin Zegers is a very talented actor, and the movie is very good too. It is very good actors in the movie and the special effects is excellent. If you like action you should see this movie.
This movie tries to be too many things at once. It tries to be a romance and really fails. It tries to be mystical, but manages cheesy. Some of the animal scenes are okay, but most appear too contrived.
Wow! This is an excellent movie! Anyone who likes the series, "Gundam Wing", or even any animé, will LOVE this movie! The animation is great, and so is the dubbing. Plus, Lt. Zechs is voiced by BRIAN DRUMMOND! Whoo!
Jim Carey plays Ace Ventura with a great spunk and funny, sometimes hilarious edge. An original plot line and amusing situations helps make this film better than average. You'd be happy to watch it around once every two years.
Deeply moving . The power of myth brought to life . Creative use of modern film editing to bring the supernatural to realistic visions.The importance of passing on the ancient Native American stories from one generation to the next.
This movie has it all. Comedy, drama, action, sex appeal and good acting. Ice Cube, as a writer, has done it again and, for the movie to be his directorial debut, it is an excellent piece of film work.
If anyone else other than Roberto Benigni were in this film, I probably would not have enjoyed it as much. Benigni, to me, is the best cinematic physical comedian of our time. Benigni was what made this film sparkle!!!
I thought this movie was very good -- thought provoking, certainly not an empty movie. Uma Thurman's performance is simply off the charts - is she great or what? This movie really had my attention from the get go.
This movie shows us how was life in the Latin America's biggest penitentiary. Good story, good plot, high fidelity to the original story. 10 out of 10. The scenes of the inmates' slaughtering are just fantastic. It's real life.
Lord, not defending the Commies in China, but this movie had all the subtlety of a moving van. When you get Hollywood wackos pushing their own causes, as is our star, you get hackneyed bludgeoning such as this. AVOID!
Even though I checked this movie out for free, it was a huge waste of my time. Pathetic acting, terrible special effects, and a plot that goes nowhere are the BEST things about this movie. Don't waste your time.
This was just as entertaining as the previous two. There are some unexpected but funny cameo appearances. The plot is light but enjoyable. It's not like the first two Dundees were Oscar nominated flicks. Worth the matinee admission price.
Being able to see the Arkestra/Orchestra during this period is really wonderful. Certainly there are strange happening and moments, and the black nationalism may now be out of place. Worth it indeed for Sun RA and some Jazz fans.
One of the best movies of the year - and the absolute blockbuster in Austria. Except for the end this film is an absolute must-see. I wonder, however, if the subtleties of Austrian can be understood outside the country.....
The only reason to watch this God awful movie is for Heather Thomas. The story is stupid.The acting BAD.The special effects(if you want to call it that)are horrendous.Makes you wonder how this sort of drivel gets produced!
The real star is Billy Carpenter, Lance Kerwin. He supports a basically not very nice person well portrayed by Scott Baio. Billy is more convincing as the nice guy who cares, we need more of this positive role model.
"George Washington Slept Here" combines a wonderful amount of early Jack Benny comedy before his usual "Tight Wad" stereo type and American History. Percy Kilbride is wonderful in the role of "Mr. Kimber." An excellant "Comfort Movie." Highly recommend!
story is entertaining but almost action-free, characters are a drag, no actor emerges from this period piece, the 30's, which is lavishly filmed, but we've seen it elsewhere already... Belmondo is a lovable crook, but he's done it before...
Ami Dolenz is unbelievable as Jennifer in this gross horror farce. The following cast is pathetic. The costumes are lame. One of the poor movies in the genre, Pumpkinhead 2: Blood Wings reveals few haunts. 3 out of 10.
A re-make of prem rog... a very boring movie....and very predictable... u all have seen it before.... whats the point watching it all over again. Only worth watching the two models..lara dutta and priyanka chopra...they will become good actresses!!
This was just plain boring. The worm creature at the end was just laughable, which leads me to wonder how well they studied Mister Giger's original designs...Full of cliches and predictability. Definitely does not do the original movie justice.
Forget Heinz Ruehmann playing Heinz Ruehmann interpreting the "Hauptmann von Koepenick", concentrate on some of the remarkable supporting actors and actresses to have at least some fun. And then, try to get 1931's "Hauptmann von Koepenick" with Max Adalbert...
Richard Burton's wildly misconceived, overly stylized variation on the Faust legend completely misses the essence of the myth; it's somewhere buried under the loads of bizarre images and incomprehensible soliloquies. The result is an abomination (and a curio!). (*1/2)
This movie was so bad, I can't explain it in words. The movie just shows a monster that rapes a woman and some nuclear bombs flying through the air. I hated the first Urotsukidoji, but this one really SUCKS!
I thought this movie was wonderful. Kirsten Dunst was awesome as Hannah Stern. I really believed that everything was happening to her. She is a very gifted and talented actress and made this beautiful and moving book come to life.
No budget, no actors, and a plot that has been used so many times that it is threadbare. Red-and-blue oozing neons tries to hide the fact that this is all done in cheap sets, as most video fodders. Avoir this.
IMHO, this is a great movie. It's fun for the whole family and has some fantastic special effects, as well as a good old-fashioned love story where the hero overcomes the bad guys and winds up with his true love.
It may not win any awards as one of the all time greats. However it is a fun movie to watch. Sometimes you don't want a movie that you have to think about. Like I said it makes me laugh!
Linda Blair has undergone quite an amazing transformation since the first "Exorcist", but this inconsequential, goofy, utterly predictable comedy is easily forgotten a few hours after it's over, because it has no plot and no weight whatsoever. Meaningless stuff. (*1/2)
The dialogue is lost, random and illogical. The situations are humiliating, gratuitous and implausible. The movie is entertaining only because it is ridiculous. The acting presented is very good, but nothing the actors could do could ever save this movie.
Before showing this film at the London Film Festival, the producer introduced it and thanked Mike Leigh for being an inspiration. Mike Leigh was in the audience and described it as 'profoundly moving'. I can add little more to this.
Great performances by Arkin, Locke, Rodriguez, Tyson, and Keach. John Singer is a mirror in which the characters see the truth about themselves; truth they had sought to deny. Without a single word, he helps them accept and move on.
Whenever Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs plays the character "Jon Chance" It's a helluva good show. I've seen several of these movies on late night TV and they're really good. I'm gonna try to get his works on dvd or video tape soon.
San Demetrio, London gives an interesting account of a British Oil Tanker which was attacked and abandoned by her crew, only to find the ship stayed afloat. Good performances and an interesting perspective, as the film was released during WW2.
This is one of my personal favorites,great gore, good music, cinematography and of course John Morghan and Tony King's insane over the top performances. Overall a neat flick, and the gore rules! dig that shotgun blast to the stomach effect!
This movie had a few cheesy teen-like aspects to it and some of the acting was a little..... well lets just say off but The plot, The car, Sheryln Fenn, the special effects.... How can you not like this movie.
Why can't more films be like this? Mr. Mendelsohn has created a gem. Without any flash, this film takes you down an uncomfortable path and at the end makes you want to get back on it. Wonderful score as well.
This is a good film from a number of viewpoints, including intellectual, visual and emotional, and it even has an intriguing plot line. Effective and smooth use of flashback allows the movie great latitude. I enjoyed it and recommend it.
This is a well-done documentary, but it is also very disturbing. While Annabel Chong may claim she sees her recording breaking sex-a-thon was about women's empowerment, what the filmmaker managed to show is that she is a deeply disturbed woman.
It's terrific when a funny movie doesn't make smile you. What a pity!! This film is very boring and so long. It's simply painfull. The story is staggering without goal and no fun. You feel better when it's finished.
This Stooges short is a very good one and I love the performance by Stanley Blystone.The Stooges are very funny Half-Shot Shooters.The explosions are excellent especially for the time period.If you like the Stooges then I think you'll love this!
had 56% of voters saying it was a 10!!! I did too!! It's because of what it was about and when we saw it, I'm guessing! Rex Smith's young self is enough to make you wanna see this one.
I can't believe somebody can give this film a 10! It's atrociously bad, although sometimes it's funny. Sometimes it seems a Mexican soap-opera... The first scenes at the parade are brilliant, though. See it for laughs, at your own risk!
I thought Stardom was a very good comedy/drama. Jessica Pare did an excellent job and she is very beautiful in this part. The movie depicted the problems that models face in the high profile modeling world. Good cinematograpy and script.
Mr.Dutton does it again by bring true life drama to the screen. "The Corner" is in anybodies neighborhood and everyone should be able to appreciate the talented people in front of the camera and behind the camera. Award quality work!
One of the last great movies by a usually great actor (Burt of course). The movie is funny, has characters you love, and the usual feel good ending. I mean is there something wrong with that(in this day and age)?
Merrick was a great man. His story makes a great movie, Acted wonderfully. It will lift you to the heights of what we can do with our lives when we get outside of ourselves and invest ourselves in other people.
Black Friday is an awesome actioner! I just totally dig the cool music and the rad camera angles! The color content was toned perfectly and the fight scenes were flawless! Martial Arts and pure action fans, Own Black Friday Now!
Smooth rough and tumble character western with a great grizzled performance from Lionel Barrymore, but a grating one from Wallace Beery. This one has a great closing scene of Barrymore trailing behind a horse on his wheelchair through the desert.
Very well written story which portrays life as it actually is as compared to TV renditions of it. Reyner has done an outstanding job on this effort. Produced by an entire cast of plebecites, the outcome was polished and powerful.
I really enjoyed this - well written, low budget horror/thriller. It was just a great story and the ending defies belief - old mental patients dancing with ballons to gothic music, it really has to be seen to be believed!
This is a wonderful story with very interesting characters topped off by some awesome animation. The english dub even has some well done voice acting to boot. If you consider yourself a fan of anime this is required watching.
I love this movie!! Has a very concise plot and the most awesome soundtrack and artwork I've ever seen!! Definitely one of my top animes. I've seen hundreds but this one tops them all. Go buy/rent it!! I vote 10.
A brilliant movie, with a standard but good and complex plot that changes all the time. (Even better than any of the Swedish Hamiton and also the Beck movies where the main actor Mikael Persbrandt plays a main support role.)
The movie was on ShowTime. I got hooked because of Natasha Henstridge and stayed because of the unexpected level of violence, pain, and corruption. The story actually survives to the end where an act of conscience ultimately determines the outcome.
The movie was cute. I caught it on the Family Channel at the end of July. Most of the actors were familiar. I like Sci-Fi and I always enjoy watching a Joe Lara show or movie. Check this one out.
best movie I have ever seen, great humor, great actors, the story it self is hilarious! the ending is quite predictable, but fun anyway. I can't say anything else than see it NOW! Its too fun, especially Lars Kaalunds performance
Saw this at the 1999 Hamptons Film Festival. I wish I could get ahold of a copy to show to my girlfriend. It's such a sendup of gender stereotypes, executed with great wit. Worth every second of its nine minutes.
Simply put, there's nothing to be gained from watching "Homebodies". It's not funny, it's not believable for a minute, it's not entertaining, and it moves (fittingly perhaps?) at the pace of a funeral. The blind guy is creepy, though. (*1/2)
I love movies with a theme of cemeteries and haunted houses. This cheap italian movie was terrible. You'll want to shoot your tv every time you hear the little boy's dubbed voice. Don't waste your time. Learn from my mistake
Simplistic and predictible plot. I was hoping for an unexpected twist until the end. Burman says that he wanted to make a movie not related to the current situation in Argentina. He succeeded. However, is this goal worth a movie?
Kits of the worst kind. Bad acting by virtually the whole cast. Highly predictable. Beauty of the lead actress is corrupted by her overacting. Cannot be saved by William - Marathon Man - Devane's method acting too.
The plot is banale, the characters are simple stereotypes, no psychological analysis whatsoever, the themes are not well developed and the ending is awful,no war movie should end with a "all's well what ends well" morale. In one word: Disgusting.
I think this film is awful it was done when Peter Sellers already was dead.Maybe there are funny clips when Peter Sellers are in but I still don´t think that this film are a little bit funny. RATING: 1/5
This movie could only be interesting to someone who is conducting an anthropological study of 1980s pop culture. Bad hair, bad soundtrack, bad lipstick, gratuitous shots of women's legs, bad over-acting, ludicrously tight pants, bad plot. It's just very bad.
if you want to see a film that is really bad then see this now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nothing is funny, nothing is good.I don´t think that you could make a film that is worse than this one. RATING: 5/5,just kidding:0/5
if you want to see a film that is really bad then see this now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nothing is funny, nothing is good.I don´t think that you could make a film that is worse than this one. RATING: 5/5,just kidding:0/5
Average movie, predictable movie. With the very so often motive of revenge used. It's not a bad watch, but you could do better with other great horror movies. But do take a look at MACH because it's a good watch.
Malkovich and Casta! Seems like a safe bet, but no way.... Nothing really interesting during the entire movie. Too boring, even for a Casta fan. Don't lose your time. A golf game is much more exciting! Santosped.
Some interesting characters and decent acting ,but the starting romance between Scott Glen and the chick is kinda silly and unbelievable. The main bad guys are cool but the Lisa Boyle in her bikini was the highlight of the movie.
Here we have a complete perversion of Jules Vern. Instant of Conseil we find professor's Arronax ...daughter(!),who is the apple of discord between a terribly bad captain Nemo and Nent Land. The only thing worthing attention here are the fishes.Trully.
While the film did a good job of showing that these guys never matured beyond 14 year old punks, I had absolutely no sympathy for their characters. They all got what they deserved, with the exception of their Irish cousin.
Essentially a worthy subject to explore, but extremely poorly executed. Annie Potts' acting is wooden and devoid of any sense of realism. The sad part is that none of the actors were any better. A true waste of film!
Mark Caso is corny as Leonardo in this solemn adventure film. The remaining cast is poignant. The costumes are simple. One of the fair flicks in the genre, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 exerts rare adventures. 4 out of 10.
This movie had a great story premise, unfortunately no budget for production or actors. Spielberg or Hanks could have made it an excellent movie. Normally I don't mind watching the odd low budget movie, but this one really stunk!!!
Funniest MST3K episode I've ever seen...from the mullet-sportin' trailer park hero, to the machete-wielding thugs who can't catch a kid on a TEN SPEED. As always, ONLY see the MST3K version, the film itself is trash. In closing...LARRY CSONKA!
yep.i gave it a 1/10,but in a good way-if you know what i mean..well this is a totally rotten movie,splatter with funny things happening all the time..call some friends,get drunk and have the time of your life watching this monsterpiece
I've read many Netforce books, and watchin the movie after reading them, gives the main characters more depth than portrayed in the movie.The plot has some weak points and sometimes it seems almost rediculous, but in all a very entertaining movie
After first watching this movie, I wasn't too impressed. But after the 2nd and 3rd time, I love it! Something about the movie makes sense. Watch at least once, but go back for more if the movie pops in your head.
This is one of my favorite Fred-and-Ginger movies. The music is wonderful, the dancing glorious, and the gowns are to die for. The Art Deco sets and the fashions transport you right into 1935. I can watch this again and again.
For those of you who have not been able to see Jerry live this is a must-see! His comedic timing and his knack to notice little quirks most normal people don't pick up on, make this a performance of a lifetime!
Nice love comedy which examines love commitment and betrayal problems.Good performances by lead actors and a good showcase here for Avital.Nothing spectacular but delivers it's genre promises.The film could have used better screenplay, directing,cinematography,script and editing.Most Schwimmer fans will be satisfied.......
The story really sucks and I guess you'd better ignore it but I recommend that all martial artists watch the final fights; "The Fly", "Gypsy Billy" and "Hotdog's" opponent show good Shotokan Karate style fighting, not fancy but basic and effective!
Do not watch this film alone!! Brilliant thriller without all the blood they put in common thrillers of today. The chase in the building area at the end could have been made a lot shorter. I rated this breathtaking movie 9.
This film is much more than another surfing flix. (But the surfing scenes are great!) It's a study of friends and how their relationship transcends time and distance. A little corny at times. Good soundtrack featuring songs of the late 60's.
I agree with most of users positive comments. I have only one thought; at one dancing scene the actors are standing on a glass dance floor (blue lights). At my knowledge such dance floors did not yet exist in the twenties.
I really enjoyed seeing this movie.It's more enjoyable to watch a movie when it has a good cast.The cast consists of actors like:Olivier Gruner,Rebecca Staab,Judson Mills,Randy Travis,and more.It's a good super action movie.I also recommend you see Militia,& Missing In Action.
this film showed this cynic that romance can still work on the big screen. Funny in a variety of ways the way that only the French can really do successfully. I pray that the US resists the urge to remake it!
The jokes are stupid and Johnny Yune's acting is atrocious, but this is one of the funniest comedies ever made. Best line- "I'm a sex object, when I ask women for sex, they object" Trust me on this one.
Heart is one of the most impressive movies of 1998. It's a drama that fascinates so much, because you have absolutely no idea what is going to happen next. All the characters are totally believable, which makes the story so disturbing.
Robert Flaherty was the great American documentary filmmaker from Nanook of the North to Louisiana Story. Funded by the oil industry, nonetheless, the great visuals from a director -cinematographer make this film a joy. Forget the story and "see" the film!
Chintzy effects, lousy dubbing, I can't begin to itemize all the ways this movie was horrid. It looks like it was produced by Grade 3 boys with their parent's video camera. Your time is better spent watching your neighbor's vacation video.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is completely unrealistic. These events are far from the truth and Burt Lancaster is a disgrace. Don't waste your time watching this movie, watching grass grow is much more exciting!
The fact that this movie is by Steven Spielberg was unknown to me. After this monstrosity, I will make sure that I never see another one of Spielberg's works. This latest movie is no different from his history of sappy idiocies.
one of the best anime's on the planet!although difficult to understand-i.e. too much sex and porn obscuring the plot, this film is fantastic!And also young Muhnihausen II is soooooo cute!^_^everyone on this planet should watch this coz it rules!!!!!!!!buy it now!!!!!!!!
Great version... with a more complete musical soundtrack than the Film version..... The focus was also on the soundtrack rather than dancing, so this is a much more thoughtful and full-bodied presentation of the score. If it becomes available... grab it.
Beautifully filmed, with great subtlety, and surprising insights about the complexity of love, sex, and relationships. Charlotte Sometimes takes you on a mysterious journey in which you are the eavesdropper, following the paths of four lovers, imprisoned by their own pathology.
Fulltime Killer is one of the best action movies I have ever seen. Almost better than KILLERS. WATCH IT FOLK! Andy Lau is great. I would say he is the second CHow-YUN FAT. John Woo can learn something from this movie!
Well, it actually presaged by one year the tendency of 50s movies to enlighten us as to the innocence of "juvenile delinquents", and the guilt of "society". Bogart gives an okay performance, but everyone else is at best TV-quality. Skip it.
One Great movie, I've watched it several times. The music in the background is moving---it might not win any awards but if the spirit of Christmas is in your heart, you'll like this movie. I wish I could find the soundtrack.
the first ski school was an entertaining funny comedy that just clicked on all the right cylinders this one has none of the cleverness of the first one..Wendy hamilton is a good distraction though. on a scale of one to ten..4
This is the best movie ever! It features some of the best actors ever! It has the best movie showdown in history! This is definately a milestone in this movie genre!! Did I already mention, that this is my favourite movie??
This movie is one of my alltime favorites, Woody Allen at his best. Radio Days is wonderful, and so full of life that you almost can touch it. And the music is as always in Allen´s movies magnificent. A true classic!
Robert Urich and Jobeth Williams star in this fairly competant issue. Urich plays a single dad who while on vacation with his daughter starts to investigate a series of cattle mutilations. Good beginning and middle but ending could have been better.
Smug and dull, Gere brings no sparkle and no real fear or tragedy and no-one else does any better. Most minor parts simply one dimensional, certainly not simply xenophobic but somehow no better than that in its dull thoughtlessness and passionlessness.
This film was an absolute travesty. Any scrape of artistic talent and scaryness was cut out of this film. The scenes of the vampires knocking on the windows in the first was a classic but this peice of @#%$* is terrible.
Simply put, one of the greatest buddy movies of all time. Pryor and Wilder were great together. At least for their first two movies together. Pryor and Wilder are at their funniest as two guys wrongly convicted of a bank robbery.
This delightful documentary shows the secrets of many clever tricks that were a mystery until two film historians studied Charles Chaplin's works. Highly recommended to any serious fan of Chaplin. The backwards hat trick alone is worth viewing the whole series.
this film rocked - feature quality. tbs are treating us well with a show like this. daryl hannah as an action hero, who would have thought. also a very sexy opening - the sequel to this is going to be fun.
I really like this movie... it is a great period piece of the 1950s. I think people forget that a period piece doesn't have to be of some century-ago. The acting is excellent all-around, although the voice-overs are a bit much.
A noir-ish attempt with a betrayal-and-treason plot that seems straight out of a Jim Thompson novel. Unfortunately, the directing is below average, unable to create any atmosphere of feeling. Somebody like John Dahl or Stephen Frears would have been better suited.
I'm a fan of Hellraiser, my fav was Bloodlines, and it should have been the end. All the spin offs of the new hellraisers are a big dissapointment. It's no longer fun to watch. I recommend seeing "the devils backbone" instead.
This movie does no no justice to the story, originally presented in the fabulous and timeless classic cartoon. Rent the cartoon instead and stay VERY far away from this version. Even you gore hounds will find the cartoon much more satisfying.
The first two Addams Family films were true to the original Addams Family comics. This film bears no relation to the origional in spirit or concept. It's a pathetic attempt to cash in on an established and recognizable name. Silly slap-stick.
I was disappointed with this movie. I expected alot more from John Travolta. Lisa Kudrow's role was just an upscaled 'Phoebe' from Friends. It had a few laugh moments, but more not than so. This one will be at Blockbusters soon.
I was told this movie was good, so I was expecting something watchable. But what I saw was the biggest waste of a movie ever. This movie isn't worth the $3 to spend to watch it. Please never see this movie.
This movie drags indeterminably, and not even the soft-porn sex scenes are that interesting. There is some very clever dialogue between the heroic couple and the Devil, and some nice supernatural-type camera work as well. But the movie otherwise plods endlessly.
I don't go in for comic books or their hero's, but this is a real early '04 gem. Original, funny, sad and doesn't take itself too seriously. With a cute daughter with glasses it hit all the right Coaker/Peck notes.
Typical American movie; defends the American political games system. Horrible 3D surround sound with people shouting behind your back. Too much details of the spilled blood when bullets hit the poor soldiers in Vietnam. i wished the movie was over sooner.
I really hated this movie. The acting was so bad, the actors weren't "in" the story, do you know what i mean ??. And the plot, well after ten minutes anyone can see how the movie is going to end.
I loved the original version, well, the 1980 original version, and I found this to be basically a copy which wanted to cash in on the success of the first. The theme was basically the same, with unnecessary violence added in.
This was the worst movie I have ever seen. Normally, I enjoy the humor of Leslie Nielsen found in the Naked Gun movies. But this one was so bland, I am ashamed at myself for watching it all the way through.
The movie is pretty funny but it feels to much like Naked Gun, and especialy when Leslie himself is in it. The story didn't feel much worked out and fell like old jokes in it. 3 out of 10
I really hated this movie. The acting was so bad, the actors weren't "in" the story, do you know what i mean ??. And the plot, well after ten minutes anyone can see how the movie is going to end.
Movie left me feeling that the accomplishments of anyone can affect everyone. Not a bad thing to teach our kids. Some critics will naysay this film, saying that it is childish and puerile. True, but it wasn't made for adults. 'Nuff said.
See it. Lyrical, beautifully shot, quietly hilarious in spots, this film is seldom screened. Perhaps more than his better-known works, this film showcases Bergman's love of women. Bjork, Dahlbeck and especially Nilsson are adoringly photographed; this is passionate young Bergman. A delight.
Possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I did sit through the whole thing but only because it became so humorous because it was so bad. The acting was god awful. There's no real resolution, just a big explosion. Lame.
OK. So the plot and dialogue are wobbly today. And it may not be politically correct. But watch this one for a magnificent performance from Bette Davis. Add one of Max Steiner's most effective scores and you have a winner from 1938.
This is a nice early horror movie from a really under appreciated director, Robert Siodmak. He uses some really great special effects as well as tells an interesting story. I highly recommend watching this movie and any of his film noirs. Enjoy.
This is my absolute favorite movie. Jason Robards and Rebecca DeMornay give stunning performances. The storyline was exciting, romantic, and clever. It is simply a great movie. Jason Robards really makes the movie. He is so gorgeous and such a talented actor.
Loved this movie and watch is every so often. Superb sound track that I wish was available. Good romance movie, but not too "mushy" or a tear jerker. Has a good plot which ends on a happy note. Somewhat believable. Would recommend.
We could only stick this one out for about 45 mins. Travolta should buy the rights and burn it. The owner of the movie rental store said she couldn't watch it either. The characters were all right off the Jerry Springer show.
A masterful film and beautifully shot i have never seen a film which rocked me to my core it is hard to believe that my life will ever be the same after seeing this awe inspiring film. Its all gravy baby!!!!!!!!!!! BOOYAH!!!
Much better than 'Backbeat' this is a real treat for Fab Four fans. Filmed at all the actual Liverpool locations (including John Lennon's house, The Cavern, Strawberry Field, etc.) this is a rocking, realistic look at the young Lennon, warts and all.
Fascinating to see Timothy Hutton nearly disappear into this role, using subtleties to create the alcoholic, intellectual persona inside whose head there is a lot of action we don't otherwise see. A thoughtful movie. The meetings held in cocktail lounge/restaurants were interesting.
Today, April 14, SCI-Fi showed Land of Far Away. Maybe they will show it again. If I had noticed the TV listing, I would have recorded it. Oh, Well. Better luck next time. It is certainly worth catching if you have kids.
Absolutely magnificent. Brilliantly written and directed--although most of the actual dialogue was cut out to make it a little less verbose. I guess that could be a good thing. All in all, exceptional. Especially the sex scenes. Totally classic Brode. -R
SPOILERS AHEAD. Charlotte Rampling gives a marvelously understated portrayal of the fragility of a woman who has lost the central pillar in her life. Her reaction in the mortuary scene provides a fine example of her skills as an actress.
I've seen this film more than 10 years ago and am thinking about it regularly. For me it is one of this films about what it means to be a human being and how precious every individual is. Like Dodes'ka-den from Kurosawa.
It's a tale that everyone can relate to, warms the soul and leaves you smiling. Strong performances by the lead actors maintain your interest as well as surprise appearances by Brimley and Saxton. I hope it gets the national attention is deserves.
This movie was the first karate/kung-fu movie that i had seen and still today i watch it definately a classic, the Silver Fox is one cool dude anyway good action tons of fights good plot and the usual dubbing but overall 10/10.
I enjoyed Cats & Dogs much more than SpyKids. The talking dogs and cats were much more realistic than those flying kids in SpyKids. Cute, fun, certainly a kid film, but enjoyable for the parent accompanying the children.
Bob Hoskins is outstanding as crime boss Harold, in this violent representation of the British underworld. The language is brilliant with a real sense of the cocky, cockney attitude. Easily the best British gangster movie ever made! The Krays... who are they?
Not a blockbuster, not a tour de force, just a very entertaining film. Good Disney plot, fairly good acting, beautiful visuals, and a wonderful score by James Horner (one of his best, I think). My daughters loved it when they were young.
Enjoyable little film about friendship, the fun and pains of growing up, and incidently, growing up on the streets of New York; Though not for everybody, this is still engaging to watch. 4/5 stars.... Maybe we see on DVD one day, no?
An entertaining look at a small town girl's rise to stardom. The film is shot documentary style & pokes great fun at the entertainment media. Canadians will get a chuckle out of the impersonation of MuchMusic (our MTV). Definitely worth checking out.
Probably the most entertaining movie about this period of time. An accurate view of England in the middle of 19th century as well as a thrilling action/comedy. Do not forget to read Michael Crichton novel which is as good as the film.
This film is so bad, that there isn't even one good thing to be said about it. It's not even unintentionally funny. Well, at least it isn't as bad as Steel, because they at least tried to get Captain America's costume right.
This is the greatest movie Steve Martin ever made and is one of the best comedies of the decade. There are many hidden jokes that can be found by repeated watchings. There are also many humorous quotes that apply to everday life.
Identity is right up with "The Sixth Sense" for suspense, surprise, and leaving you going, "What's happening?!" I just got out of the theater, and I'm going back tomorrow to see where the clues are that I missed. What a roller-coaster ride!
If only this were as good as the old Perry Mason TV series, but it's not. So contrived, it unintentionally makes you laugh and cry at the same time. So unbelievable. Zero Mostel as a small-time thug? For serious Bogey fans only.
Brilliant performances from the whole cast set a unique story line ablaze with sparkling moments. Dark turns of plot are relieved by fascinating psycho-sexual revelations, and the whole effect is one of uplift as disaster is averted through enlightenment and personal sacrifice.
Barbara Stanwyck sees a murder through her window, the problem is no one will believe her. George Sanders plays an author with a twisted mind who taunts Stanwyck through out the film. A little predictable but never the less enjoyable to watch.
By far the best biblical movie I have ever seen. The strict adherence of the script word for word with the Bible was unique and wonderful. Bruce Marchiano's portrayal of Jesus was amazing and truly brought out the magnificence of the Lord.
I strongly recommend not to waste your money seeing this movie!!!. It a very low budget movie. This has been the worst movie I ever seen in my life. Bad plot, bad characters, bad actors, bad dialogues, bad sets, everything was awful.
Why isn't there a video of this hilarious film, which is seldom shown on television. One of many priceless snatches of dialogue -- PANDORA (ecstatic) Mother, last night I had my first orgasm. MOTHER: Orgasm? In my day, we didn't have them.
This movie is just plain dumb. Very bad acting. Bad script, very very bad script. Danny Hoch, as Flip gave an awful performance. I really can't find anything good about this movie. Don't have more words to describe it, just plain bad.
The film is quite fun to watch and the Mole People are a little on the wired side but nonetheless they looked good especially for the 50s!If you like the Universal Monsters movies then check this out soon!I think you'll like it!
But it made quite an impression on me when I first saw it in the theater back in the mid-50s. For years I remembered the name of the mountain under which the albino Sumerians lived--Kuh-i Tarra. The "scientific" introduction is a hoot.
It's typical to stumble upon badly produced junk like this on late night TV. I just can't believe how bad it was produced. I don't know where the 3 million dollars went in making this film? Probably just for the main actors.
This movie is not meant to be taken seriously. It is serious fun. The cast is delightful and the story fast-paced. It is light-hearted, inoffensive, and action packed. So what if it isn't believable? It isn't meant to be. Relax and enjoy.
Nowhere To Run is one of Van Damme's better films. It has a nice storyline and some good acting. The direction is tight and I lked the score also. Not bad, but will probably be overlooked because it's a Van Damme picture.
Any college student could do better. It feels like Jean Rollin did a one take anything goes. It's one of the worst acting and story line I ever saw. The nudity is only there to compensate for the lack of a story.
We found a VHS copy! Watched it recently, and still laughed out loud, even though nuclear annihilation is not much of a hot topic. I would still highly recommend it for anyone searching for dark humor, sort of Monty-Python style.
..truly the most magnificent, majestic ..tv masterpiece of all time. It baffles me that it hasn't been re-released on DVD. In a day an age when the market place is swallowing movies with meaning and history this should be an instant success.
This is one of those kids' films that adults can't sit down and watch as well. Okay, it's got nice morals, but pleeeeease, no DOUG'S 2ND MOVIE !!!!! Boring attempt to stretch a tiny DOUG episode into a feature-length production...didn't work. 4/10
Heartfelt drama about a man coping with being shut out by his wife, and by extension his son. Very gritty, very real. Well acted by all, well executed by Andrew Currie, but like "Born on the 4th of July", not terribly uplifting.
Talking bout this great game bring tears to my eyes. This game and its continuations are so cool, that it freeze to the bones. Great Jokes. Great playibility. Fun. fun. fun. fun... Please, i know its an old game, but play it.
This was a hilarious cartoon short on the What a Cartoon Show. I particularly liked Willie the Xenophobic Scotsman. While it was not eventually made into a series, you can see it sort of set the stage for Family Guy later on.
Some sort of explanation for this snoozer must lie in its credit reference to Italian television. Like US made-for-TV films, it's horror without anything scary and sex without anything erotic. The dead in this movie aren't lame, but the film certainly is.
Mummy's never really scared me.And this one definitely wasn't scary.I first saw this on MST3K years ago,then I saw it again the regular version.Wow!What a boring movie.Bland characters,stupid monster,bad plot.The only way I'd recommend seeing this is to see the mistied version.
Hooper has been responsible for some serious crimes against cinema as well as some gems (and a few downright bizarre numbers as well - Lifeforce anyone...) but this is just unwatchable - it is no visual flare in evidence at all. 1/10
Everybody who stays awake until the end of this picture deserves a prize. It has no plot, no dialog, no interesting characters. It's like an entire film made from the discards that hit the cutting room floor from another, more interesting movie.
Moves as slowly as mud, and maybe the dullest film of the year. Skip it or if you must then wait for the video. Too many plots, which are not that interesting to start with. Neither a good spy movie or romance.
Containing none of the chills and thrills of the first this lame movie goes nowhere slowly.The final act is poor too.The cast look as bored as i was.im suprised this ever got to a third movie.a very bad sequal.avoid.1 out of 10
Confidence is a poor attempt at making a Snatch/Ocean's 11-style movie. The movie is extremely boring, then at the end the movie explains how they were able to pull it off, when it was blatantly obvious the entire time. Avoid this movie.
Anyone who thinks this is a good example of British humour has obviously had a humour bypass. A good example of why the British film industry is going down the pan! Do not encourage bad films like this...they'll only make more!
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Absolutely no suspense. A lot of really bad acting. Very poor special effects. Avoid wasting your time with this one. Nothing more to say, but here's the required minimum 4th line anyway.
A comedy should make you laugh this fails miserably,i didnt laugh once.yet it has a great supporting cast,but the script wastes the talent involved.yet another British flop.a movie then about morons and only morons will enjoy this tedious turkey.1 out of 10
This film just left the dock, rolled over and headed straight to the bottom of the sea. The only positive thing about this movie is there won't be a Final Voyage II. This is one of the 10 worst made movies ever.
We should have been given a prize for sitting through this movie, especially the last 30 minutes. It started out as a funny movie, but when all the "glitches" started and went on and on and on, nothing was funny any more.
You really get 2 bad films for the price of one.Its obvious the producers put 2 turkeys together to get one dead fish. If you see this film you may never go back to the video store again,feeling cheated and ripped off.
Though billed as a Rush Hour action-comedy, it is not funny at all, except for one scene at the end. Even though the actors were good, this movie is not recommended from me. It could have had funnier moments. My rating: 4/10
While no where near as good as the original this long awaited sequel still manages to be a lot of fun. With great music and some good car chases it manages to be fun. Belushi is missed but Goodman is a nice replacement.
Dennis Potter brilliance. The series shows why the Suez crisis was such a disaster with intelligence officers that prove the assertion that the term "Military Intelligence " is an oxymoron. My favorite character is the sex crazed Wurlitzer player from the Odeon. Recommended
If you loved Bullit, Gone in 60 Seconds, Mad Max, Christine, then you'll love this chase. Basically, you get to enjoy seeing a flat black '74 Dodge Charger terrorize a small town. In a combination between Steven Spielberg's "the Chase" and Carpenter's "Christine".
It's been several years since I saw this film, but as low-budget as it is, I remember it was still kinda fun to watch. A guilty pleasure. Should've become a cult classic along with others like "Night of the Living Dead" and "Critters."
This is Chris Farley's single greatest achievement. Farley is non stop funny and so is the cast surrounding him. If you like any funny fat guy movies, you will love this movie as much as I do. Especially the story around the campfire.
I've always liked the Peanuts. The cold reality life is given new life in humorous animations. This is one of the best Charlie Brown shows I've seen. The one where he actually kicks the ball. Enjoyable and fun all the way through. Amazing.
Same scenario: plane hijackers, stealth plane hookup, not all the crew makes it into the plane, mini-cameras to see what's going on, and guy trying to disarm bomb. Even the name is the same thing...sounds like a guy with a thesaurus named it!
This is Lemmon and Dennis at their Paul Simon best. The roles they both deserve Oscars for. Lemmon's character's pathos arising out of naive optimism is Chaplinesque, at times. And Dennis is at her best as his Edith Bunker type wife.
Uinasu senki, a.k.a. Venus Wars, is a pretty good war film. However, I find it lags in some spots, and I never really was a fan of animated characters on a moving live-action backdrop. Other than these minor complaints, the movie is enjoyable.
This movie is Hilarious. I have seen it several times and laugh just as hard every time I see it. No Need for additional commentary here as the other commentary explains the movie. All I can say is MAKE SURE YOU SEE IT.
Kevin Hooks doesn't hit a wrong note in this very early performance. No cuteness, no mugging; just a real little kid who finds something in his life worth fighting for. Surprisingly gritty location photography, especially for TV. Watch this one with your kids.
I've watched this movie several times over the past 10 years. It is beautifully photographed, top notch acting and the mood of the film is captivating. I especially enjoyed watching the actress Maria de Medeiros play Anais. The erotica is also very beguiling
This is an excruciatingly dull, slow movie. Amateur night all the way. Just another boring movie about boring people doing boring things. But here's the twist: it all happens during an eclipse! Still boring, though. Now it just looks poorly shot, as well.
When I was going to see this movie, I thought it was going to be a schmaltzy flick. But I was wrong. This movie was great! It was a little bit of everything. It was funny, dramatic, romantic and most of all, funny.
Just an awesome movie with awesome special effects for 1977. When watching remember it was 1977, not 1997 when it was made. The effects were years ahead of its day. Worth every second to watch. Now if they'd only release it on DVD!
I thought this was a great movie. It is one of the best Disney Channel Original Movies. It's a true story, and it's not corny like some other recent Disney movies. I thought the actors were good, and the story line was great.
Trees Lounge was an excellent movie. Steve Buscemi displayed his multi -talentedness as writer, director, and star of the movie. Also, a terrific performance by Anthony Lapaglia. If you're a Buscemi fan, or just a fan of good movies, don't miss this one.
Absolute Classic. Incredibly great combination of Charles Grodin and Robert Deniro. One of my personal 10 best comedy movies of all time. Along with "My Cousin Vinny" one of the best movies to watch if you just feel like laughing and feeling good.
Midnight Run is a great action movie with great actors, great plot and a humor that really works. An action-film with warmth and likeable characters. clearly one of the greatest films from the 80's. Highly recommended. A must to see for most people.
Only one redeeming feature in this, the slowest moving film I have ever suffered through: Served as comic material for the later "Waiting for Guffman" as the credits rolled, the film memorabilia shop owner showed off his "My Dinner with Andre action figures."
Excellent screenplay, music, singing and acting. The subject matter was difficult, but the screenwriter and actors pulled it off. An excellent film, minus the stereotypes, which were a necessary evil in the 1930s. A film well worth the risk by a major studio.
Anyone who says this movie isn't terrifying is lying. The story is eerie, the segments are frightening and everything about it is truly unique. This is a surprisingly great horror film--but don't bother with its disastrous straight to video sequels. 8/10
A truly riveting movie. A great film that causes you to think about its implications rather than spoon-feeding you plot. The special effects (while spectacular) never encroach or overtake the character development. Also the only movie where Sutherland doesn't play a biker type.
The movie has the insight of Office Space while loosing none of the style of Shawshank. The deep voice of Freemen and musical score adds to the overall strength of the movie. I hope to see more like this. This producition took guts.
One of the best documentaries ever filmed. Zwigoff is a genius; Crumb is a genius (eccentric but a genius) and the film is brilliant. If you enjoyed it at all you have to see "Ghost World" and "American Movie". Cannot recommend it enough.
One of the finer films ever made. Masterful direction and screenplay set against a dreary but romantic postwar Austria. Even if you dont dig film noir, you will enjoy this. Pop it in the VCR sometime after midnight and soak it in baby.
And featuring the likeable clown from Freaks. What more could one ask? A low-budget Old Dark House mystery that is better than it needs to be, with sharp dialogue and engaging characters...can't go wrong! Why can't all B pictures be this good?
Brat 2 is so bad it hurts to watch. Russians pictured like rude, ignorant jerks,movie is full of cliches, sexism and racism are rampant... Movie feels like low budget brainless flick made in two weeks. Everything in the movie is predictable and easy.
The quintessential Joan Crawford film for true fans. She's wonderfully evil, self-centered and conniving. Whether she's telling her sister-in-law about her "tacky" riding clothes, or taking a fireplace poker to rearrange a room, she's at her best. What more could one ask for?
This is movie is so slow its unbelievable, There's not enough action to make up for this and makes the whole viewing experience very disappointing. It's got all your favourite gangster faces in it but sadly the film gives them nothing to do.
Surely Lynch's best movie. I was lucky enough to catch this on cable the other night, what a supreme joy. Wonderful art direction and remarkable performances all round. The dark Dickensian sets of London are hauntingly beautiful. Hunt this one down, highly recommended.
a great and very different movie. It's stylish and cool. I enjoyed every second of it. If u are bored and looking for a thriller or a action movie then rent this movie. It's worth ur money. I will rent this movie again.
Saw it twice at Taos Fest. Better the second time. Not to ruin things for other viewers, but the second time around you notice subtle little things throughout that really ake the icing on the cake. Great work all around.
A beautiful love story with a very strange background. No big movie stars, no big budget special effects but a very strong story line and characters. The sound track is typical Eighties (Tangerine Dream), strange today but it still creates a excellent atmosphere.
The best part of the whole short--Roscoe's routine: the famous one-handed cigarette roll, striking the match on the train, then leaping into the caboose as the train speeds by--in less time than it takes to read this. Worth the price of admission alone!
Complete waste of time. MTV really has gone too far to attempt to make money, this is a complete waste of time. I would suggest reading this for 2 hours, you may find it more amusing, than the actual movie. 1/10 stars. HORRIBLE..
Definitely a made for TV B-movie stereotype at its best. A disease is killing the human race, and its down to the first family to save the world. Aint America great? Absolute cack, starring LA Law reject Harry Hamlin as Mr President.
Laurel to Philip Kaufman for being true to the great book by Tom Wolfe. One of the best conversions from a book into a movie I've ever seen. Excellent, both exciting, entertaining and educative. Among my top five of all time.
Intriguing movie, especially the second part and most of all the performance from Chloe Sevigny, must be the depth of the story and what it brings out from the unknown, it makes it easy to understand that this lifestyle isn't easy at all.
The best musical ever. A movie for all the family to watch and enjoy. John Travolta was perfect for the role of Danny and Olivia was just right for the sweet and innocent Sandy. The songs will live forever as will the movie.
Unless you are a sucker for punishment... Do not watch this movie. It is very bad! It said that it was supposed to be a sort of continuing story following Top Gun. Words cannot really describe how awful it is. My rating 1/10
The technology is impressive, but not yet to the level necessary to express the emotions a good actor can. Simplistic plot with little character development make this a movie best watched on an afternoon one would like to waste in a little escapism.
i can't believe how bad this movie is. it's about as bad as Sleepaway Camp. it just stinks. i would never recommend this movie. Matt LeBlanc, stick to Friends! Please! the best actor in this film was definitely the chimp. don't rent it.
Gary Daniels stars as Kenshiro a banished warrior who takes on Lord Shin (Costas Mandylor) to avenge his father's death and reclaim his bride in this visually appealing yet terrible actioner. Some good sets and a good atmosphere remain the film's only asset.
This lived DOWN to all my expectations-being simply rotten. The best scene involves a car chase through a park, the only suspense consisted of finding out if Sharon can run on high heels for an entire movie without falling flat on her face.
The story has been mangled. The acting was unconvincing and the dialogue improbable. I can't believe I managed to stay awake through the whole thing. And the costumes ranged from not bad to "which polyester knit fabric was that?" For curiosity value only.
The movie was slow to develop if it actually ever did. I have seen better plots on cable soft porn movies. If you are into that sort of thing then this movie is for you. Don't waste your time just+6 take a nap.
This is absurd on every level. First of all the moment I saw actors/comedians judging world's finest food and sportscasters the show lost its credibility. Well it's good to see Shatner's career in its downward spiral right in front of my own eyes.
Kind of dated'80s sort of comedy movie. It was cute then. High point is TC dropping his pants, and dancing. He was still cute back then. This movie was Tom Cruise's claim to fame, probably still is.
The redeeming parts of this film are any scene with the Warden and Captain Deese. Everything else is cliched. Too many jump cuts and editing tricks. The acting for the most part is just a lot of yelling. The ending feels tacked on.
Another scheme to trick "Casablanca" fans into the theater by including favorite actors from that film in a war story with an exotic setting, this idiotic mess has a famously convoluted structure involving flashbacks within flashbacks that renders it virtually unwatchable. Don't bother.
I saw this movie and it really is not great! The music is great, but the plot sucks! Save your money, and just buy the only thing thats good about the movie: THE SOUNDTRACK! P.S. Keep in mind I am A Rugrats fan!
Horrifically awful. One of the worst films ever made. Don't watch it alone, and don't watch it sober. One of those films that you just HAVE to see, even if it's only for the overt propaganda and the deliciously maniacal acting!
According to the government, in the United States there are about 50 million gun owners. You would think with statistics like that, the Director could have found believable characters and storylines, regardless of which side of the debate he wanted to portray.
If you are really bored.... Watch this movie. The insipid "hit men" at the beginning of movie set the tone. The only worth while line is from the Protagonist when he finally catches up to his clone..... "Get in there Xerox."
That was the only line I remember from this silly get-laid movie. This is great if you are fourteen years old and see sex as the be-all, end-all of life. Otherwise, this tape is only useful if you're planning on taping over it.
This has to be the worst movie of 2002. As much as I like Eddie Murphy, I was very disappointed by this film. Pluto Nash should have stayed on the shelf and never come out. Stay away from this bomb at all costs.
It is the worst movie that I saw in the last years! Disgusting! After Exit Wounds - in my opinion the best in Steven Seagals's career - it is not acceptable. In fact, the movie is a big joke, but with bad humor!
As an appreciator of many French films (and never put off by subtitles) I can honestly say that this Gallic effort is complete and utter bunkum. Whoever thought that it had merit and was worth wasting a fine cast upon deserves evisceration. Codswallop!
Just a lame mobster flick attempting to be entertainment. I enjoy a good gangster movie but this one missed the mark by a mile. Poorly written and plain senseless & dumb violence insulted my intelligence. You'd be better off spending 24 hours elsewhere.
Jeff Daniels is excellent, but that's it. A surreal, dream-like thriller weaved together Jeff Daniels at the forefront providing a surprisingly mesmerizing performance. Wouldn't see it again, too bad the story could have been incredible if only some things could really add up.
With a cast that includes Connery and Thurman, how could you possibly go wrong? Watch this movie and you will find out. Painful to watch...it's a shame that one of the greatest of all time, Connery, got himself involved in such a disaster.
I had expected to be impressed by the landscapes, charmed by the story, engaged by the politics. But no. The plot, dialogue and characterisation were as featureless as the scenery. The filming was unimaginative. I was bored by every minute of this film.
A really lousy movie. Alicia Silverstone needs more than her "cute" looks to recoup the producer's money. The dialogue ranges from incredibly dumb to hilariously stupid. Director Marco Brambilla was out to lunch on this one. Don't watch this film, read the phone book.
Leelee Sobieski is compelling as Ruby in this intense suspense flick. The remaining cast is applausable. The costumes are brilliant. One of the good farces in the genre, The Glass House will lock the viewer up in a broken home. 8 out of 10.
Every driver should see this! The world would be a safer place. The images of death and destruction are a blunt reality check. I wish they'd still shown this type of thing when I was in Driver's Ed. Somebody should remake this eye-opening short.
This movie is awesome. I love it when Hunt gets attacked by the eagle. And when Edwards eats the eagle egg shell medicine. Pretty much the whole movie is one laugh after another. This is comedy at its best. I give it a 10!
A very touching movie. During the movie you almost start wondering if there are only sad people around. But even the saddest ones (and they now, because they have had a fight about who the saddest one was) can shift to a better life.
Excellent movie, I expected a good drama but it was much more than that,a pleasant surprise! It's not your typical Hollywood-tear-jerker but it's sensitive (and hard) in it's own European way. Go and see it,you won't be disappointed,unless you are mainstream,that is!
"Purple Rose of Cairo" is my favorite Woody Allen movie. Anything can and does happen in this magical story. Mia Farrow plays an excellent ukelele - it's inspirational. Woody Allen portrays colorful characters amidst a dingy grey background of the Depression in New York.
This movie is heartwarming and a real tearjerker. I have a copy of it on tape, and I watch it all the time. I never get tired of watching the Taylor's get what they deserved. I really enjoyed watching it over and over again.
Without "ifs" and "buts": this is the best movie of the last decade. Made by most gifted filmmaker of the last decade. It s unique in its wealth of ideas and complex structure. Thank you, Jaco - also for your second feature "Eight Day".
This film is BAD. All the ingredients that add up to make a good film are lacking here, the script - terrible, the acting? - worse. And if you can find a worse director doing (financially) well in Hollywood, I applaud you.
The concept of this movie is brilliant! (Therefore, read movie's "Plot Summary") This film has no "happy end", but however, I thought the ending was rather predictable. That's why I didn't give this movie a 10. Watch this movie, you WILL enjoy it!
paul benjamin should have been nominated for best supporting actor academy award of 1972, excellant gangster film , it"s a classic this motion picture rates up there with little caesar , the godfather 1&2 the public enemy ,new jack city your truly, w.doc hudson
Forget Bullitt The French Connection etc. Believe the hype! Knowing this is for real makes it gripping, no dialogue, 2 actors, on screen for 5 seconds. 10 minutes of pure high Octane exitement in a classic Ferrari on the streets of 1970's Paris. Excellent
No comments necessary! You must see it! A must for all racing lovers. Joyful for cineasts! Only boring for boring people. Hard to find though. I wish I had a drivers license myself. Notice the garbage trucks and the pigeons. An anarchistic exclamation also.
This stands out as a camp classic of the Joseph H. Lewis variety: there's even a threatening gadget, in this case a steam cabinet. Don't go into this expecting a deep movie and you'll have a lot of fun with the deliberately over-the-top characterizations
One of the best movies I've seen. Buscemi has an incredible talent for depicting true life - a task not as easy as it sounds. This could've been my life. This could be YOUR life! Join the Army - but see this movie first.
a great soundtrack by Tom Waits, the great director Francis Ford Coppola, the sceneries, and the most beautiful actress in the world ever (Nastassia Kinsky), make a not-very-unusual story into a movie that must figure in the History of Movies. A great love story.
I don't know why so many people are slamming this movie, I thought it was hilarious. Goldie Hawn, Steve Martin, and John Cleese make the movie very, very funny. A decent sense of humor is all one needs to laugh from beginning to end.
Renoir's tale of Paris,the Cancan,a washer-girl and the Moulin Rouge.A more subdued,but highly entertaining version of the opening of the Moulin Rouge. Jean Gabin gives his usual excellent performance.The Technicolor photography on the print I saw was exquisite.An easy evening's viewing. chris w galla
This movie is a joke....not the type of movie I would have expected for Sandra Bullock. The mazazine journalist is angry and swearing constantly which is not normal for anyone (even low lifes). The movie was very poorly written and directed....totals waste of time.
I rented this movie thinking that it would be scary and suspensful, but it is totally the opposite! It is dumb and boring, I even almost fell asleep. Don't waste money renting this movie, instead if you see it, throw it in the trash.
Martin Scorsese's After Hours is so unique and interwoven that repeat viewings are almost required. The film is completely over the top in every respect, but that is part of what makes it so compelling. Funny, smart, and imaginative. Griffin Dunne is brilliant.
While it is a bit light on the story, it does provide some extremely funny lines and some hilarious pratfalls. And, more importantly for me, it is clearly an homage to film in general, and Bogart in particular. How could anyone not love this?
Patrick Dewaere was a wonderful comic actor (see him in Les Valseuses), while Ariel Besse was rather, er, young. Realistically young. I'd have liked this film even better if I hadn't had to endure the horrible dubbing into English (especially for Ariel Besse's character).
I feel Tex has not been given the full credit he deserves for his innovative cartoon work. While 'Bugs' and 'Mickey' continue running, Tex's creations rarely appear on commercial television. I wonder if Tex's work may be viewed as either risque of politically incorrect!
This is the third Dirty Harry movie and the series begins to lose it's legs. While the first two movies were about violence in society this one is basically an action movie. The movie is entertaining but the impact is gone. **out of****stars
This comical sci-fi cop adventure is set in the future and follows the exploits of a New York detective who is given superhuman powers from a mysterious Kabuki. Suddenly he turns into a colorfully dressed, but still somewhat bungling crime fighter. My Rating:2/10
This is the worst movie I've ever seen. At the end I had no idea what it was about. If a film student offered this for a class project, he would flunk. A grade school student would do better. The distributer should be ashamed.
I loved this film because it was absolutely real and totally believable. The character development was awesome and the tensions between the characters could be cut with a knife (sorry, you'll see why!). An emotional rollercoaster from start to finish. Don't miss this one.
Wonderful visual experience albeit light on plot. Surreal and sometimes disturbing. Somewhere in the bizarre world that Fellini created lies a kernal of truth. I imagine this film contains elements closer to real Roman life then Spartacus ever did(I know it's greek but whatever).
Boy dies. Boy's brain is implanted (?!) into animatronic dinosaur. Animatronic dinosaur w/ boy's brain seeks revenge. And that's not even the worst part-- Denise Richards is the lead. Oh God my eyes! It hurts, it hurts! And yet I cannot look away!
No need to go into a really long description of what I hate about this movie...just read all of the other below comments and you'll get the picture. Bad acting, bad dialogue, and atrociously directed. The fire scene at the end was hilarious though.
I saw this film and thought it was totally cool. Finally... a chic flick without a bunch of wimpy women. This is the real stuff girls. And guys... this is what we're all about. Thora Birch was amazing. The clothes were killer. Loved it.
I viewed this movie at the Hawaii Film Festival and felt is was one of the more impressive films. It was extremely well done and all the characters were well portrayed. I liked the way that everything was understated in subtle ways.
Early Hitchcock, in which he is exploring all fields of technique. Spectacular special effects, overwhelming use of lighting and memorable action scenes. Novello's acting may be slightly overdone, but it only makes him seem more mysterious. Still modern, still Hitchcock and certainly very interesting!
I really enjoyed this movie! The movie had a good storyline and it was hilarious. I'm partial to this movie because I grew up in the 80's and it brought me back to the music, fashion and fads! This is a great romantic comedy!
Louis Calhern is superb as Oliver Wendell Holmes. The script is extraordinarily literate, and the historical conflicts seem every bit as important as they did at the time. Superbly directed and acted by all involved, this should be required viewing for all would-be lawyers.
The movie has it all blood and gore, romance, and a lot of butt kicking action. I like this movie because it not only has a great story line but also stars one of my favorite actors (Christopher Lambert). Fortress is a must-see movie.
Peck's third best movie. The supporting actors did flesh out the tension and struggle. The story line can be easily followed. The decisions made during the movie are predictable, but the realization that it is life and death struggle overwhelms the predictability.
Straw Dog is another excellent film from Kurosawa. It deals with the guilt, and obsessive search, by a young detective, for his missing revolver. With this search Kurosawa explores the post WWII environment in Japan. This is a terrific multi-layered film well worth watching.
This movie is simply great. The cast is superb. The docu-drama of the challenges faced by the United States in breaking the sound barrier and then the astronaut selection process. If you like 'flying' movies this one is a must see movie.
I loved this movie..... It had the right ammount of rage and teen angst in it. The whole freaky nun thing was silly, but none the less added to the entertainment value of "little witches" I would say, go rent it...it's a good laugh.
Julie Christie is unforgettable as the lost and abused wife of an insane husband chillingly played by Richard Chamberlain. Looking for love she throws herself at the equally lost George C. Scott. John Barry's subtle score adds a gentle, poignant edge to the package.
You can forget about most old movies, but you should not forget about "Frühling auf dem Eis". The special emphasis on the elements of art and entertainment in Eva Pawlik´s figure skating is what makes this document of European show business history that outstanding.
This movie is by far one of the best with Susan Hayward and Tyrone Power. I have seen it many times over and enjoy seeing it again. If anyone ever gets the chance to view it, please do so.. You won't be disappointed.
Horrible acting (what was Julie Haggerty doing?) and bad special effects ruin a good lesson to be learned by kids. I know this is not for adults, but watch the Secret of Roan Inish, a kids movie that isn't stupid! It can be done.
Mediocre "erotic" thriller. Mildly amusing concept, with a few twist and turns. Stephanie LeFleur is probably the best this movie has to offer in the way of attractive women. The plot kinda meanders on between soft-porn scenes, but there's more than you usually find.
Brilliant? I don't think so. A huge waste of talent just going through the motions. Why so lowly rated? I think you'll find that the critics have all seen and loved His Girl Friday (Cary Grant & Rosalind Russell) and this pales by comparison.
As an Australian I cringe. It was bad enough watching the mini-series where the Australian flavour of the book had been turned into American vanilla - at least the acting was good. But this..... the acting was simply awful. The whole thing was dreadful.
The Plot had Less depth than a gold fish bow. A trained monkey could have more vision and art direction. Some one should stop this guy from making movies... This man has to be on the FBI's "priority watch" list(s)...the girls WERE hot though...
Making a movie like this one should not be legal. With a cast completely devoid of talent and a story that prompts you to pinch yourself out of the nightmare this movie epitomizes the word terrible. Don't see it unless you find migraines endearing.
I kick myself for watching trash like this. It is sad that a major hollywood studio would release something that insults and reflects poorly on American armed forces. I'm a veteran and found the movie to be not funny and just another hollywood lie.
Harvey Keitel is one of my favorite actors, but even he is laughable in this pedantic (dramedy)? Jane Campion has not made a watchable movie since Sweetie. If anyone is interested in good cult deprogramming movies, Checkout: Ticket to Heaven 1981...or Split Image 1982..
What can I say about this film, except that it was an enormous disappointment. The comedy was mostly clumsy and nearly humorless, which made the whole thing extremely exhausting to watch. Even the cast couldn't save the film. Don't waste your time on this.
Man, What does it take to make an Owful movie ? Aperantly not much - with "View From The Top" they've done it big time. The plot is obvious, cheesy (too cheesy), and to me and my GF... Complete waste of money .
One of the worst (if not the worst) all around movie I have ever seen. Bad effects, horrible acting, unbelievable dialogue, cheesy sets, bad photography.... The biggest mystery to me is that Sean Connery allowed his name in the credits on this turkey.
Four or Five stories (Guess the number)! Normally I like these mini-stories, but this one stinks, BAD!! Major rip-off of "The Twilight Zone". My summary says it best! Unless you just like to see mortal mutilation and nudity, this movie has nothing to offer!
Don't get fooled by the seemingly interesting plot, the movie lacks any action whatsoever. The plot also turns out to lack any depth. In addition, the movie is very inconclusive. The only highlight of the movie was Timothy Dalton's Inspector Rennie. My vote: 1
I have tried several times to watch this movie because I am assured it's wonderful. I just don't get it. I think it's overrated and silly! I love foreign films, so it's not the subtitles that bothered me. Just an overwrought piece of nonsense.
I rented this movie because it sounded sexy and hot. It was ..mmmm... well made period drama WITH NO SKIN!!! Now the depiction of love and longing and the moral struggle was nicely (albeit slowly) depicted, lack of sex on screen made it very...lame.
This movie gave me some hearty belly laughs when I saw it on cable recently. A must see for all those connoisseurs of cinematic sludge. It has awful dialogue and atrocious acting(that's just for starters.) One of the best "huh?" movies of the eighties.
It's all bad, the story, the acting, and special effects. Some of the flight sequences are recycled from `other sources', i.e. they were obviously not filmed for this movie. It is hard to believe that they made more in the series after this one.
Boring! This is another perfect example why you don't transfer plays into films. And if you're going to even try, you don't let the playwright do the screenplay. Lots of rest, little motion. Throw this one in the junk pile of plays with Hurlyburly.
This movie was probably the worst skinhead movie that I have ever seen. The plot was really bad and the acting was even worse. If you want to watch a good movie in this genre, watch Romper Stomper. Don't waste your time watching this.
the best part of this movie was the theme song. deidrich bader, excellent in the drew carey show, falls far short in this movie. the acting is wooden and the jokes are very lame. What started out as a good premise very quickly died!
JUBILEE was the first film to come from the true British punk rock scene, and has a fascinating cast, but unfortunately this is one of the most boring, pretentious, and ultimately pointless movies I've ever seen. I defy anyone to stay awake through it.
What a trainwreck. Cheesey family, bisquick-filled villains, horrible dialogue, even worse acting, cliche after awful cliche, large plot holes, non-attention to some details, over-emphasis of other details.... ~Avoid~ this movie, unless you want a good laugh and/or are in the mood to MST.
The Plot had Less depth than a gold fish bow. A trained monkey could have more vision and art direction. Some one should stop this guy from making movies... This man has to be on the FBI's "priority watch" list(s)...the girls WERE hot though...
Without a shadow of a doubt, this is the greatest movie of all time! Forget The Godfather and Shawshank Redemption, step aside Lord of the Rings, there's a new show in town and they're kickin' some theatrical butt! THAT'S RIGHT! Go Go POWER RANGERS!!!!!!!!!
This is truly one of the worst films ever attacking an innocent audience. So stupid you won't believe it. Avoid at all costs. It is useless to tell about all that is wrong with it. Bad directing, stupid script, lousy acting.... you name it.
Angela Basset was good as expected, but Whitney has no Range as an actress. The screenplay also neglected to portray, on film, the greatness of this novel. Instead of promoting sisterhood, they emphasized the canine-qualities of men. Read the book; rent Soul Food instead!
Though it's now been 24 years since I saw it, I still remember thinking that I should have walked out of the theater.. No one in the audience laughed even once. The only one laughing was the person who took our money for the tickets.
No plot. No dialogue. One decent actor (Peter Weller, who's probably trying to forget his involvement). Zero redeeming qualities. Lots and lots of pointless walking through wastelands. Special effects that make the Dr. Who folks envious. Do yourself a favor, don't watch this film. Please.
This is great television. Fun, well acted, great plots and not so serious. I loved the fat man episode. Please, please, please don't let this one go away. I just smile the whole time Monk is obsessing his way to the inevitable conclusion.
I really enjoyed this film.It was a little poor in some aspects mainly the acting but the story line was adequate. If you are a viewer of dark movies, then you would like this adaption of Edgar Allan Poe. The torture scenes are quite good.
I watched it once about 8 years ago or more, i am a sci-fi fan thats why i rented it. To this day i havent seen a worst movie. Ridiculous plot, lousy acting, crappy Ed Wood-style special (d)effects. Steer clear away from this.
Really intriguing story, I sat glued to the TV. Good, smart twist at the end makes the movie even better then expected. The surprise element is great. Shannen is a great actress who plays the part flawlessly. Great acting combined with good story, a ten.
I believe that for pure enjoyment,and a little nostalgia,this was Denis Potter's best work and, for me, had more depth than "Pennies From Heaven". The individual story lines in "Lipstick" in their basic form were entirely believable and the acting by the whole cast excellent.
This is a little gem of a thriller that is all too hard to find anymore. A bit like Sleuth, with really only two actors in the whole film; and while it isn't in Sleuth's class, it does have a kick-ass ending of its own.
Many did not like this addition to the series. That is probably because this film differed from the rest in the way that it made some sense. It tied the rest of the movies together in a pure piece of brilliance. Over-all, an excellent movie.
I thought for an August bank holiday it was nice to see the mini series Victoria and Albert I liked the way Jonathan Firth and Victoria hamilton played the royal couple if anyone likes royalty then this is for you and I do reccomend it.
This is the one of the few movies that I've ever enjoyed in my life. The cast is absolutely brilliant, the sound track is good. I bought the sound track, the song by Marc Nelson & Beyonce fits perfectly in the movie. Great one !
I thought to see just another dragon movie in a row,but MAN was i wrong !!! Great story line and very very nice special effects.Also a little place for romance and a few jokes through the movie. Great Great movie to see Greets El Loco
I thaught to see just another dragon movie in a row,but MAN was i wrong !!! Great story line and very very nice special effects.Also a little place for romance and a few jokes through the movie. Great Great movie to see Greets El Loco
I thaught to see just another dragon movie in a row,but MAN was i wrong !!! Great story line and very very nice special effects.Also a little place for romance and a few jokes through the movie. Great Great movie to see Greets El Loco
Well, what can I say? The cover art looked cool, the premise looked exciting. The SFX were quite good, actually, but the movie was very boring. I had to struggle to stay awake, and was left totally unsatisfied at the end. And that's about it.
This film is a great comedy, and full of not only entertaining humor, but also insight into the true nature of human... we're all horny beasts. Not only that, but it is a great date movie, especially if you and your mate are "pollymorphously perverse."
Stunning cinematography, moments of serene bliss cutting effortlessly to shocking scenes more akin to his earlier Tetsuo imagery. Tour de force and evidence of a rapidly growing range and depth. So so plot though, the beast within, Jekyll and Hyde, Janus, that sort of thing.
The movie is basically above two people who love each other and marry against parents' wishes. But soon after getting married, marital problems creep in and soon both Oberoi and Mukherjee think they have made a big mistake. Watch the movie to see what ensues.
Mathew McConaughey can act, but not in this. Kate Hudson can act , but not in this. This is not a "chick flic";no woman I know would knowingly sit through this forced, unfunny film much less force her boyfriend to do so. A genuine stinker!
This is one of the funniest and most warm-hearted films ever! John Gordon Sinclair and Dee Hepburn were absolutely wonderful in this story of teenage love and the sudden twists & turns that occur when you think you've met THE ONE, but then someone else...
Competently made British gangster movie that failed to charm me. A cut above such atrocities as Circus or Rancid Aluminium, Gangster No.1 is realistic and harrowing. Many audiences will be impressed, but at the end of the movie I had found the violence merely gratuitous
I loved it! Thought the characters and the dialogue were fantastic...very clever...left the theater wondering why Hollywood continues to feed us junk these days instead of creative writing like this! Would definitely recommend...especially to anyone who has lived in a big city before!
I enjoyed this more than most Almodovar films and was especially impressed by the power and deftness of the plot. It was not a surprise at the end to see that it was based on a book by Ruth Rendell. Can anyone tell me which?
Although not a laugh a minute rollercoaster, Lucky Break is a sweet film, with many funny moments. (mostly coming from Stephen Fry's musical lyrics) James Nesbitt and Olivia Williams make a likeable couple and the supporting characters are all well done. An enjoyable film.
The acting was awesome by that brendan fletcher guy. James Earl Jones was unbelivabe and the story line was great. Movie fans, movie critics and just plain ordinary people, this is a must see. Others feel free to comment on my comment. thanks for reading.
It is such a great film that i have been watching it for over 9 times at the cinema at the strange film festival. She is so dynamic, beautiful and outrageous. I really do admirer her, she is my idol! I love you Annabel Chong!
Groucho Marx and William Bendix deserve much better material than what they are given here. A bad script with unfunny jokes gives these two talents nothing to work with. Why they ever agreed to do this film is one of the great mysteries of Hollywood!
I have seen several of the Emmanuelle movies but this is the best. Krista Allen is beautiful and very erotic. I hope it becomes available on video in the USA like it is in available in Europe. I just hope that Cinemax runs it again!!!!
I've watched this video well over 10 times. The sound is great. The Lighting is amazing. The song selection is better than I could of imagined. Definitely one of my all time favourite concerts. Her special guests are a treat too. "go Bruce Hornsby/Kim Wilson"
This was way fun. One of my favorite guilty pleasures. All the actors are in top form here and I loved Bruce, Goldie, and Meryl. This is truly a classic in the black comedies. The score was terrific, set design fantastic, and all around excellent.
This film is often overlooked despite the presence of Loretta Young, Robert Mitchum and William Holden in the cast. It's a well-done frontier story with plenty of action and romance. Loretta Young has never looked more fetching and the Mitchum/Holden combo is a knock out.
The Fury contains a number of excellent scenes and sequences -- Kirk Douglas evading capture in Chicago, the sequence at the amusement park -- but put the parts together and the movie is just too muddled. Keep eyes open for NYPD Blue's Dennis Franz.
somewhat silly and the plot is very corny but a good time if you just watch the amazing special effects of the dogs talking and so forth. esp the fight with the ninja kitties .. not as sentimental as babe but good fun .. enjoy
Just a simple little film, wonderfully done. An Irish ballad in pictures, a skillful rendering of legend and family. Sort of "Quiet Man" meets "Ring of Bright Water." If the folks who butchered "Mists of Avalon" had only hired John Sayles...
I really recommend this one to everyone! If you have ever thought that you don't understand women and felt misunderstood by them you will quickly notice that this movie is exactly about this. (and vice-versa...) Camera operator should get an Oscar! Great movie!
The short but perfect opening scene says it all. An often used but incredibly well delivered story. Traditional characters brought to life in an unique way. This is really an AMERICAN Story. Would love to see how Scorcese would handle this same script.
Did Hitchcock make any bad movies? I haven't seen any. This one was a little different, and lacks the visceral suspense of some his other films. However, it's still a great movie. Tallulah Bankhead was excellently cast, and was great. Everyone should see this film.
With such an important topic, why does the dialogue and the acting have to be so bad. Who would waste the time to put something like this together; I'm embarrassed to have wasted the time to watch it. The actors must have been very hungry....
This movies is absolutely awful. I truly feel like every copy of this movie should be destroyed to prevent additional people from wasting part of their lives on it. Trust me, this movie should not be viewed, even to laugh at how bad it is.
This is probably the worst movie ever made, the worst about it is that it's norwegian. Norwegian moviebuisness isn't exactly the best in the world, which by the way is perfectly illustrated by this dreadful, lame no-good piece of "art". A disgrace for all mankind!
I adored this movie; it was sweet, funny, honest, beautiful, and poetic; I was smitten. As a friend of mine (a film critic) wrote to me, "I've rarely seen anything that matches form to content in such an easy and really loving way."
There has been criticism of this movie as being dull and unrealistic (probably from someone who wasn't even born before the events depicted in the movie). Believe this: it shows things pretty much as they happened. Lancaster was never better. I recommend it without reservation.
I'm sorry, but this film has nothing going for it at all. Bad costumes, bad acting, bad sets and a stupid plot make it incredibly crap. Having said that, if unrealistic dinosaur claymation is your thing, then you'll probably like it. Actually, you probably won't.
did the writers of this movie think we're idiots? vintage world war two p-51 mustangs outflying and outgunning mig jets?!?! hell, why not take on the army in a biplane next. no wait...we can defeat the entire soviet air force by using only paper airplanes...
The cast -- Gretchen Mol, Samantha Mathis, Tom Everett Scott, Matthew Settle -- are excellent. Since hardly anyone will see this movie, it won't hurt their careers. The movie stinks. It also leaves a bad aftertaste in the mouth. The cast makes it watchable, though.
This made for tv movie should have been made for the big screen. It was a great story and had such moving performances. Linda Yellen should be making feature films. I'll always be looking out to see if it will be rerunning on tv.
This movie is one of the very best Christmas movies around. It has a good mystery along with a good lesson to be learned regarding the important things in life. Also, the love between the grandparents and grandson is very moving. Highly recommend this movie.
This was one of the most worthless movies I have ever seen. The acting was bad, the plot was worse, and the script was pathetic. The only thing remotely interesting was beautiful Lili Taylor. Too bad she was in such a dog of a movie.
Nothing impressive. An OK late nighter, especially coming from Troma. Set your hopes low and your satiric spirit high and you will enjoy it, although not that much. So many things are laughable in it, yet it is not annoying, or not that much anyway...
The storyline is gripping and the performances are so superb, that you do not miss the dialogue or the music in this story that most people identify with the musical version. As Kathi, the girl the prince leaves behind, Norma Shearer gives a heartbreaking performance.
I say pseudo under the definition of pseudo-event--I think that is Boreman? Anyway, hilariously real account of a romantically experienced and entangled male going back into the past. A lot of future film makers-documentary folks have claimed this in their verbal bibliographies. Check it out!
This movie is brilliant! I loved every minute of it and I couldn't stop laughing! Every Indian person should watch this. The storyline is great and the actors and actresses are great in the movie and bring the movie to life. I have no complaints!
This is a very accurate portrayal of David from teen years to his death. I could follow along in the Bible with the movie. I like how they use God's name in Hebrew Yahweh throughout. It was filmed in Israel so the setting was real.
The earliest episodes with John Amos as the captain were silly. His continuing bad attitude toward them in the face of their success was unrealistic. Beyond that, however, the entire series was great. It suffered some after Stepfanie Kramer left, but it was still good.
This movie is a funny movie for when you don't want to have to do too much thinking. The actors were all well cast and Dom DeLuise especially brings this movie to life. I loved this movie and I recommend it to anyone and everyone.
Fans of woody allens "Whats Up Tiger Lily" may enjoy this more crude variation of a similar idea. The film is horrible and the dubbing is very immature but if thats your cup of tea then its a fantastic film. Best Viewed in large groups.
One of the few films where my years learning Welsh gives me the advantage over the majority of viewers. F****** Excellent! If you don't understand the dialogue just go with the flow it will all become clear in time.
DÜRINGER's film makes an excellent introduction to Austrian film. It isn't the greatest movie ever made, but it is just offbeat enough to overcome most of its problems. The movie's ending, which is one of the most original I've ever seen, is alone worth watching.
A very compelling saga spanning three generations of one family on both sides of the world. All characters were portrayed well adding to the emotional value. It also explained some of the usually unmentioned treatment of prisoners of war at the hands of the Japanese.
must have seen this over 10 times in 5 days.movie grabs your attention form the very first frame.three things that stand out, the haunting theme song,the very lovely waitress in the restaurant and beautifully photographed budapest.also the very impressive performances by the three male performers.
I saw Grease for the first time last summer because I was curious about the movie my mother loved so much.. Well, I loved that movie myself! The music is catchy, the actors are pretty good and the story behind the music is also entertaining..
this movie is pretty cool, i was just flippin through channels, and it caught my eye on the Turner Movie Classics. and the actors were really good. Rochelle Hudson was good, she's so pretty. and Claudette Colbert is so pretty too, her eyes are gorgeous!
In 24 years of movie watching I have never once walked out of the theatre during a movie. Until this one. I love bad horror movies. But this was by far the worst movie I have seen that wasn't skewerd on MST3K. Really Really Bad.
Even though I went to see the movie with great expectations, I didn't like the movie at all!!. I thought it was boring as it could be and except from the photography, everything else was worse than mediocre!! I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone!
Richie Rich christmas wish is a film about a 13-year old boy who had a cousin named Reggie. Reggie was very mean to Richie.... So one day Reggie did a embarrassing thing for Richie. So Richie wished in a machine that he was never born.
Terrible. This is not a funny movie, nor is it an action movie. This movie just reeks of mediocrity. This movie was an early sign of how terrible Whoopi Goldberg can truly be. Luckily, I'm pretty sure most people avoided this movie from the start.
Easily one of the worst films ever made and one which ignores the magic of the first movie. Okay, the 1986 original was erratic to say the least but the law of any sequel must at least be faithful to the characters. Avoid.
A good movie to watch when you're stuck at home in a blizzard, there's nothing else on TV, and you've seen everything else in your collection. The dialogue is bad, the plot unbelievable, and the ending beyond comprehension, but other than that, it's not bad.
This ill-conceived film must rank as one of the worst ever made. The soft focusing could not disguise 85 year old Mae West's age and frailty. To see her in love scenes with Timothy Dalton (a man nearly one third of her age) is offensive.
All that this film is, is a 45 minute rehash of the series and an (edited) first 15-20 minutes of End of Evangelion. End of Evangelion is the real movie in this series, and it is VERY worth your time. This isn't
This movie shows a too simple story about friendship between two youngsters, one of them a homosexual. It´s a very boring movie a the dialogues are nothing but awful and non dramatics. Just another movie from Spain where nothing happens. Too art for few ideas
Secrets and Lies is my favourite movie so I was keen to see this. Unfortunately, it doesn't work on any level - the plot is unbelieveable and contrived, and the characters a little annoying. All of this is a bit surprising given Leigh's other movies.
This is surely one of the worst movies ever made. A comedy without a single laugh. The stupidity of the script, blame Charles Grodin for the entire film, is amazing. Steve Martin's performance was low, even for him. In short, awful and without redeeming features.
well, I just got through watching this one. I have to say that this movie has to be one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. The plot moves badly and the acting is just...well...bad. Don't waste your time with this one folks.
My husband brought this home-- it was an awful movie- no real plot and the sex wasn't even that sexy- unless you like to watch people lick themselves and act like idiots..... if you want to see a good sex scene rent Carne Tremula instead....
The only thing funny I found about this whole movie was reading the video box AFTER I watched the movie, and seeing how incredibly GOOD the box tried to make an incredibly BAD movie sound! This movie is an insult to future Jim Carrey movies!
What more need be said? The actors seemed trapped in same-old, same-old heist; they've fallen and they can't get up. Go see something good again, like "Spanish Prisoner." About the most you can say for this is that it's no worse than "The Good Thief."
To me it is a great mystery that movies such as Space Marinies actually get made. The plot is ridiculous and predictable, the acting one big joke. The only thing preventing me to rate this movie a plain zero is the unability to do so.
this film really sucks. it is boring, the actors are awful and the computer animations (especially at the end of the film) aren't worth to be called so. it doesn't even come close to "the shining". fortunately i got the ticket for 5 Deutsche Mark.
Too long and too slow; the plot is difficult to follow and unnecessarily obscure;in addition, the permanent noises , especially of trains, makes it difficult to hear the actors, especially when the reason for the title of the film is given, if it really is.
Initially Monk had endings that were really mismatched or less politely dumb. We would watch a great show and then boom, stupid ending. But recently the endings are much more creative and actually push this fun show beyond a 10. Simply great, clean, and fun entertainment..
Phantasm Oblivion is undoubtedly the best sequel in the Phantasm series!! It took the humor out of Phantasm III, and got back to the dead serious tone of the first film. Phantasm fans Must see this movie. Great movie, great sequel. Long live the Tall Man!!!!'
This is probably one of the best films ever made in Norway! It contains great dialog and effects. If you come from outside of Norway and yet haven't seen it, I will recommend Flåklypa! I'm sure that the translation is bad, but it's still worth seeing!
I never can find that many movies about black people. The ones I find are about black criminals or black people acting stupid. This is one of the first movies that I have found that are about black people being successful, and it was funny too!
I love this collection of there videos. "Jump" is my best music video in that video collection. Alex influenced me to play the drums and Eddie is just the best guitarist that ever lived. They rock and will never die. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK FELLAS.
Friend of mine who fought in that area during the korean war felt it was very accurately portrayed as to fighting conditions,landscape,confusion in battle. Believe it was the best war movie when it comes to depicting what it was like for a ground pounder in korea.
I thought it was a pretty good movie. The acting was good and the story was well told. It's one of those *feel good movies* that you know how it's going to turn out but you want to watch and see how it all ends anyway.
This is kinda an extended version of Sex & The city. You know exactly wat is going to happen. But the chemistry between Kate and Mathew is good. Finaly a differend couple then Hanks and Ryan. Although we see them both in this movie. 7/10
This was the best movie ever made!!!! I just saw it in my Sign Language class. They need to make more movies like this now. You can see yourself in the characters. It teaches you a lot about life. John Singer lives in all of us!!!!
This film starts off a bit odd but moves on with good speed showing two peoples different lives combining into a rather sordid twisted sexual fetish. But the film provides a sweet exit from lives troubles for a short while. But it is well worth watching.
"Clerks" can be realistically related to, and is funny which is why it's a great movie. The low budget is irrelevant to how enjoyable the movie is. It's the amazing script that made the movie, and some solid acting with some excellent deliveries. It's Unreal!
Should have stayed in the Sunday Comic pages. What a waste of the talents of some of the top stars for that time. Could have been better however if it was written as a story instead of trying to make it like a Sunday Paper story.
From its suspenseful opening heist scene to its realistic ending,Sidney Poitier's third and final outing as Vigil Tibbs is everything a cop movie should be.Well cast with some great chase scenes.Director Don Medford keeps the fun rolling along at a nice pace.All in all,a great film.
A good example of what you get when a successful actor directs his own movie with himself as the star. It works on occasion, but here you get the distinct feeling that some input from the outside would have helped that film along a long way.
This film is so funny and everyone who watches this film in some way or another can relate to it..the acting is absolutely brilliant and it is a fantastic directiorial debut for Jonathon Teplitzky...The production is excellent...the film is predominantly shot in an apartment....very enjoyable film...
Sean penn is beautiful as sam.....I can only pray that the close-minded open up for this wonderful view of the life of that guy that you passed on the street. Please Watch if you want to feel how movies can open the hearts of the masses.
I really liked the movie very much, found it really funny, even if sometimes it was addressing serious issues. I enjoy much more a film like that than a cheap US film that doesn't reinvent anything. This movie is DIFFERENT! Godt gjort Iben, Sören og Anders!
What makes "Mifune" stand out from standard Hollywood movies are the painfully real characters, who make it feel like a real-life romance between two people rather than a hypothetical story about hypothetical characters none of us is ever going to meet. And it's really funny, too!
I thought this movie was one of the best I have seen in a long time. Everything about it was great hope to see more of these kind of movies, very moving. Hope to be able to take my three children to see it. GREAT MOVIE!!!!!!
Honest, Scathing look at alternative cartoonist and his family. His relationship with his brothers Charles & Maxon and the genesis and motivation for his art are well captured by Director Zwighoff. Sometimes disturbing, but always entertaining, "Crumb" represents one of the best documentaries of the 1990s.
I love Godzilla but I really think that the U.S. should not have made a Godzilla of their own. I like the original a lot better. I also love the new look of Godzilla he looks meaner and more destructive even though he's a bit smaller.
This is truly a must see documentary for the fans of Metallica. It explains the whole history behind the Black Album up until the decision of doing the S&M album. It explains the why and when of each song from The Black Album. A true classic!
My favorite type of film. Makes you think but doesn't bore. [Almost] makes you want to cry but isn't mushy. Makes you laugh but doesn't try too hard. All in all a good flick. It reminds me very much of "The Cure", which I also enjoyed.
This is the best Turkish movie ever. I advise everybody to watch it if you can find a subtitled version, of course. Perfect dialogues and a perfect scenario. Funny and adventurous. Cast includes the most famous Turkish comedian and one of the most popular Turkish musicians.
Fantastic! While not overly plot driven (what porn is?), this video gives us the chance to watch the amazing and beautiful Jennifer Simon as she struggles, and shows her helpless side (among others). I love the twist at the end. All around, a very enjoyable film!
Herzog is such a darling bringing all his weirdness and filmmaking skills into a special little masterpiece like this one. Small details like a little flame in the middle of gigantic cloud of black smoke or making a bulldozer beautiful is captured and it is wonderful.
I was more impressed by Vanessa Redgrave's performance than any female performance , in any medium. As a musician prisoner in a Nazi death camp, she exceeded any of her other brilliant performances. Aside from Vanessa, the movie should not be missed and hopefully released again.
Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked, Wicked!!!! Watch it for a night of sheer ... "HORROR" ... Untouchable in script and screenplay, this film makes a mockery out of so called classics such as star wars. FKMag states, and i quote "Wicked, Wicked, Wicked!!!"
This is an excellent film. Parts of it are slow but there is action in it. I really enjoyed this film you will probably to if you enjoyed Hunt for Red October, Patriot Games and Tom Clancy novels (netforce, executive orders) I give it a 10.
A very messy (as the video box states) and interesting horror movie. Has some flaws, such as slow-paced action, and the 'video-look', but still, for a movie with practically no budget, it's very strange off-the-wall, yet enjoyable. If you like zombies and gore, check it out.
I saw this at a sneak preview hosted by the Jewish Community Center, and was probably the only goy in the audience! This movie deeply moved me. Robin Williams deserves an Oscar for his portrayal of Jakob. The supporting cast was fantastic. I highly recommend it.
This movie is so cheesy, it is the funniest thing I have ever seen! My friends and I all died laughing through the whole movie. You really must see this movie, if only to see how being really bad can actually be a very good thing!
Lily C.A.T.'s characters aren't the most original, nor is the plot. But if you like anime, you should get some enjoyment out of this film. There are some good scenes in it, and it may have been better had the script been cleaned up a little.
Great satire of the modern greek -tsifteteli, souvlaki, xavale- society given with a great political sense and fair doses of clever humour. The dialogues are inflammable and the interpretations are excellent. ( both Zouganelis and Boulas in the leading roles are very much worth being noticed)
All of the guys look and act great. A wonderful low budget goodfella's! Check out the guy who plays Rocco "The Ritz" who is this guy!!! I want more of him!! Robert Davi is intense. Joey Depinto as Vince really makes you hate him. Good job!
The two stage actors rattle off the rapid-fire dialogue like two Spitfires in a dogfight. I got the feeling they were almost in a goof-off competition to see who could memorize their lines right before the take and spit them out with the most unrehearsed verve.
Beautiful portrait of a young man whose innocence is so pure that he is not affected by the harsh reality around him. Mulroney radiates his sweet personality all through the movie. A collector's gem for all fans of him or the rest of the impressive cast.
It is set in some fictious Soviet country, terrorists take over a palace and the Scalia character has to come in to save the day. I liked the effect sequences of the Palace in the final scene. If you like typical action, you'll like this film.
I was riveted by the story and the acting. Excellent procuction values. Sean Hayes was fantastic, delivering a true breakthrough performance. Jeremy Northam and Paula Cale exhibited a sense of the period and volatility of the situation without venturing into cliche. Bravo!! Beautifully directed and produced.
This show is simply the best ever given by Robbie Williams. It's even better than Live at Slane Castle. If you didn't seen this show. You should be. Just perfect. As you can hear: I'm glad he made this show. It was my best TV-evening ever!!
An horror road movie with an interesting twist, this flick about a part of Route 666 infested by ghosts is better than one may think before of seeing it. Good cast, several surprising twists. For a double features b-movie evening with popcorn and cola.
what a great film. there aren't enough folks daring enough to produce and release something of this calibre. breasts blood and nails....hooooo-wah!! there also aren't enough killers who wear motorcycle helmets....by far this is the greatest film to hit this corrupted and smelly industry in years.
I thought this was an incredible film with a story that was in many ways simple, yet complex in dealing with redemption. An Italian swindler goes to Albania to make a few quick lire, only to get swallowed up by the depth of the Albanian situation.
Before anyone else can comment on this movie, or bash it like they did on the message boards at MTV.com, I want to say that this was a GOOD MOVIE. Very funny, but also very dramatic. It was extremely well done, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.
This documentary is a history of cinematography, illustrating major advances and highlighting the work of major cinematographic innovators. Although there are snippets of on-screen interviews, the bulk of the film consists of (glorious) film clips illustrating many of the high points in the history of cinematography.
i think itz a really really really really goood film, i saw it 3 times n' still not bored. Jet Li is a really good fighter, his moves are quick n' sharp, fights really well. the film is excellent, well directed, n' he's very good lookin!!!
Very mannered, over-decorated and Egoyanesque. It feels like a film made by aliens who've been observing human emotions but have never experienced them first hand. Still, it has a good cast and a well structured story that doesn't tie all the loose ends up too tightly.
Incoherent, stupid and derivative, this was positively the worst film I've ever seen. Badly acted, horribly pretentious and narratively inept, it felt like it ran for hours. Don't waste your time or money on this clueless, charmless and pointless waste of celluloid. No redeeming value whatsoever.
My grandmother introduced me to this movie when I was a child. I loved it then and I still love it today. Dunne and Grant were believable as a childless couple. This is a must see for anyone who needs an honest to goodness soul-wrenching cry.
This updated, new/old, gender-bending Macbeth mixes the Bard's lines with LiCalsi's text, giving even the Elizabethan-challenged a line on what's happening in Scotland. And England. And Ireland. Witty in a Monty-Python fashion, this one bears more than one watching to catch all the gags and allusions.
It would have been more fun if they could have gotten Tom Baker instead of just using a couple clips of him, but it was a very fun adventure. It also gave me exposure to some of the other Doctors that I had never seen before.
"Un Carnet de Bal" is a poem made movie. Like Christine, everybody had gone into his past, looking for the point of break, which decided one way, in order to rectify ours errors. Finally, "Un Carnet de Bal" is a film for all the time.
One of the worst films to come out of Denmark... EVER. Please, do not waste time nor money on this. Martin Schmidt has done two films previously to this "Sidste Time" which is excellent and "Mørkeleg" which is crap, but not as much crap as "Kat".
The bad guys aren't scary, more like geeks! The killings are bad and to much ketchup were used! And the plot is lame and predictable. My son could have made a better movie in a school project. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS FILM
Short and simple. Mission: Impossible 2: overacted, overdone, overhyped, the audience laughed through the entire mess. High points: Dougray Scott, Thandie Newton and the final action sequence which came too late. You should decide not to accept it; this film will self destruct in five days.
The movie kept me captivated but only out of morbid curiosity. It was simply the worst movie I have ever had the misfortune of watching. The movie oozed badness in every bad scene with every bad line. It is like watching a 90 minute car accident.
Terrible film. Looks like a bad game or intro to a game, the people doesn't look alive. The new "Sleepy Hollow" is a much better choice. The story is not very good. The movie is stated to be 1.30 hours, but was somewhere like 55 minutes.
One of those 'documentaries' about death. Apparently meant to show how awful and brutal people sometimes treat each other, but you have to wonder if its not just pure nasty exploitation. One thing is for sure, if it doesn't affect you get to a shrink fast.
Cracking C list cast - Hopper, Hendrickson, Fahey - but it's all squandered for the simple fact that nothing makes any sense. You really couldn't care less what happens. It's a shame really - you wonder why production was started on such a weak script. 2/10
Perhaps I was not on the same wavelength as the director, but I thought it was painfully torpid with little substance. I can definitely appreciate a movie that has a different pace; I was simply not mesmerized by the same elements everyone else seemed to be.
I am a JAG & David James Elliott fan but his acting in this one was horrible. His behavior as an FBI agent was unbelievable. And his & Terry Farrell's parenting on the plane were criminal. Very bad movie. Don't waste your time on this one.
Lets just say after I watched the first three minutes it was already off. The movie is so bad it is almost laughable. I can't even tell you what its about, but if your looking for the worst movie ever, then I think you've found it.
this could be the worst kung fu movie ever...which is sad to say! Donnie Yen was great in Iron Monkey, but this is nothing like that GREAT movie. So be prepared to be severely let down. but i must say that Donnie Yen still rocks!!!
I've seen many terrible tv-movies, but this one's probably the worst so far. I just cannot say one good thing about this movie; I'd rather watch tv-shop for two hours than this one again. Should you still choose to watch it, remember you were warned.
I found myself 'fast-forwarding' thru the last half hour. The script missed some great chances at early character development, which left the 'talent' struggling to pull this movie together. Their characters lacked depth and motivation in the later going, and the 96 minutes seemed much longer.
Local radio station gave away free sneak preview tickets. Went with friends. We all agreed it's easily the worst film we've seen in a long time. Sure, we got in free, but we still want to bill Eddie Murphy for wasting our evening. What a turkey!
What can I say, this is by far the worst movie ever, even worse than "Battlefield Earth". The plot and acting are horrible and even the jokes are stupid. Everyone in the world should see this movie so that they would know how bad it is.
In case the point hasn't been hammered home hard enough, this movie sucks. A lot. I'm the kind of guy who, by default, tends to see the good things in movies. This film was so hideously bad that I felt ashamed for even watching it. Urgh!
Wooden acting and a non-sensical plot kill this remake. If you like the first one, skip this. Multiple plot lines all jumble together to no satisfactory conclusions. David Keith, one of my favorites, acts like he never read the script until just before they call "Action".
Avalanche is, quite simply, the WORST movie I've ever seen. The plot is dreadful, the script horrendous, the acting pathetic. I remember quite clearly that the patterns on the wall of the cinema were more interesting to look at than this piece of trash.
This film is just a boring load of old tripe.It made me wish I'd rented Snipe's apparently superior New Jack City instead.Wesley Snipes,like Bruce Willis,is an action man and should stick to that.This is just bottom shuffling torture,full of nasty scenes and crass language.Abominable.To be avoided.
A hilarious skewering of pompous French intellectuals. Godard does a masterful job of presenting this satire without even the slightest wink. The (several) scenes of the tortured artist leafing through a book of empty pages was a laugh riot! I can't wait for the American version!
But it was very efficient by recycling action scenes and stock footage from other knuckleheaded action movies. Especially silly was the ripping off the beach landing and final battle scenes from "Invasion USA". Really, terrorists are supposed to be stealthy, not stupid using WWll vintage landing craft.
And any fans of hers will want to see this thoroughly entertaining romp. A big-budget picture that doesn't skimp on plot or its sometimes-hilarious script in showcasing Ms. Yeoh's considerable talents (including a great scene with a whip!), THE MAGNIFICENT WARRIORS delivers on all counts. Don't miss!
I must say, after I've watched this move, I now consider it my all-time favorite. Everything is just awesome! The casting - perfect. The story - so cute and funny you just have to love it. Don't miss this awesome piece of art, or you'll regret it!
Lau Ching-Wan continues to amaze me with his transformations into his character. This was a great acting vehicle for both Lau Ching-Wan and Tony Leung. The story was good, and the direction was tightly wound and suspenseful. Unfortunately, all the tension unravels into an extremely unsatisfying ending.
I loved the whole experience; the feel, the mood, the music, the story, and the beautiful protagonists. I felt for the characters; their passion, problems, and failings. Besides, I like a true story told very well, with beautiful actors. It was very, very well done.
Just wanted to say this is an absolute masterpiece, and everyone who's lucky enough to have a chance to see it shouldn't miss that chance, it's a once in a lifetime. Congratulations Jacques, give us more of the same please! (or anything else, actually)
Spoiler Alert!...sort of. This movie rules. Richard Pryor Just goes nuts because he gets taken advantage of by moving men and his boss. A zany must see movie! And He kicks King Kong Bundy (wrestler from the eighties) in the nuts by doing a cartwheel! AMAZING!!!
This is a soft-porn version of the life of the real Mata Hari, supposed spy for the Germans, executed by the French in 1917. This movie tries to sanctify MH, but only makes her ridiculous. Her real life and fate was far more interesting than this movie.
It is a nice change; the story was light and had a nice ending (a must in my opinion. The world has enough evil in it; I don't need that for my entertainment as well!) and even the violence was "ok" meaning, not too graphic. Cute movie.
One of the best love stories ever told. I am looking for information to purchase this movie. Jill and James light up the screen. I always ask people if they have seen this movie and many have not. This is a classic movie and should be re-released.
If you like Bo Derek and you haven't seen this movie, you should. The sex scene on the motorbike is as good as any you will ever see. Bo Derek looks perfect "10" in this movie. Not a good movie considering story or acting. Worth checking out.
This was one of the best independent films I've seen to date, not to mention all the brothers were VERY easy on the eyes (laughing)! But seriously, I thought it was very well written, exciting and the performers were talented. Its a 10 hands down.
Writer, director, actor: Duvall proves he has it all and with remarkable poise. Preacher "E.F." may appear to be over-the-top but he's the most human portrayal I've seen in many years. With this film, Duvall sets himself head and shoulders above the other actors of his generation.
This is far and away the worst of Hughes' teen movies. Poor casting and a weak plot doom it. Don't let the appearance of John Candy in this turkey fool you. He is only in the film for a few minutes. Avoid this one at all costs.
One of the few truly hilarious adult films of the 90s. Sophisticated while being silly, sly, witty, wry, insightful, ironic -- for mature people with a high degree of self-awareness, self-honesty & ability to recognize and accept the fluidity of human sexuality. Great acting: natural, unaffected, unself-conscious!
This was a rather cute film...a little slow at first, but quite amusing as it went along. Very good for kids, too (not to mention dog lovers...lots of funny elements throughout). I am hoping it airs again soon...hats off to PAX for making such a charming movie.
Acting was great, but I was disappointed with the story. Rather depressing! I sometimes wonder why some movies are rated three out of four stars by the "critics," but don't live up to that rating imho. I guess that is why I like ratings by actual viewers!
Appears to be an attempt to satirize all past movies about Pearl Harbor. And maybe all other movies about war. The credits are more interesting than the movie - maybe longer, too. But the production quality is surprisingly good. I do hope there's not a sequel :)
I've seen this movie several times, but it's still amazing! I like the performers, the cars, the location-everything. The story is not the best, but the feeling during the movie is undescribable-at any rate for me. The soundtrack is fantastic. So 10 points-in my list! Watch it!
Hume Cronyn and Vincent Gardenia pull off brilliant acting performances in this little great movie. The dialogue is excellent and the chemistry between the main characters is rare. It was my first encounter with Cronyn, and I've been a fan ever since. "Hello another drop of Whiskey!"
My first encounter with Vincent Gardenia was in All In The Family, as he played the ditsy neighbor who cooked. Imagine my surprise when he put in a splendid effort in a serious way! The cast and story were superb. One of HBO's best! A Solid 9.
other's have very nicely described what this movie is about, so I'll keep it simple. This movie got me hooked into watching other great korean movies like "chin goo(friend), my sassy girl....etc. it's was very funny and entertaining to me, who wasn't too exposed to korean cinema.
In addition to being a great story about a little-depicted part of North America's history, Black Robe portrays with stark effect the wide gap in the way that white Europeans thought and acted compared to the way that native Americans thought and acted in the 17th Century.
This is the kind of movie I never thought possible. Fast and furious, this movie's infectious energy makes double espressos seem like tepid water. Cornball humour and an affectionate feel for the truly bizarre are just two elements that propel this over-the-top meditation on the human condition.
A pretty good film, I really loved the cast rather than the scrispt, so I think that it's worth watching, especially when Lindsay Lohan stars in it. My second comment is that I didsn't really enjoy the script. It was quite childish. But, the rest was great.
Too many movies about being lost in the Arctic are Disneyized views of playing in the snow, waiting for the inevitable rescue. This movie shows the real dangers of hypothermia, dehydration, frostbite and isolation, and the hopelessness of waiting for rescue if no one knows you're lost.
This is a great horror film. The story is solid, the performances are consistently good, and as usual, Bernard Rose directs with great visual flair. The soundtrack also adds immensely to the suspense. I recommend it highly to horror fans, along with the same director's earlier "Paperhouse".
For a low budget movie, it was quite well done. Outstanding performance by Craig Peck as Mike; who's an avid horror movie goer and had all the best lines in this film. Worth watching for him who seems to be the only smart one in the film
Best selling novels often make bad movies but with writer director Michael Crichton (who also wrote the book) does what most others should do: FOLLOW THE BOOK AND IT WILL USUALLY BE A SUCCESS!! Not that Crichton does everything right. (Remember the movie Runaway? Didn't think so)
The movie is quite bad, but not that bad. It has its good moments. If it plays on cable TV and you have nothing better to do, it's a nice way to waste a little time. Captain America deserves a better treatment, but what's done is done...
Def Con 4 starts off well, but then digresses into a boring plot line with forgettable characters. Fortunately, it's only 85 minutes long, although those last 45 minutes may seem like an eternity. Anyone else wonder what ever happened to those crazies living out in the woods?
A sadistic woman killer throws suspicion on a well-meaning Priest, and the clergyman struggles to bring the truth to light. Hackneyed melodrama with religious overtones is made compelling and watchable by an extraordinary performance by Brad Dourif. MPAA: Rated R for nudity, sexuality, violence, and language.
By jingo, this is just one of the best things to come down the pike since the motorcar! A brilliantly comic work, capturing the essence of a simpler time and cleverly overlaying it on the present. It's the bees knees, I tell you! Not to be missed!
I was appalled after watching this. Yor runs around, randomly fighting dinosaurs, gorillas, and dodging lasers that come from the middle of nowhere. The movie follows one story line, then decides to change to just random events for the last 50 minutes. Do not see this movie.
I thought that this was a wonderful movie. I missed the first few minutes of it, however and would love to see it again. Mariska is one of my favorite actresses and it was cool to see her playing a different role than Olivia Benson on SVU.
True stage farce is a very rare thing, even in an actual theater. Even more rare is capturing the experience on film, which this film successfully does. Leave it to the critics and theorists to say film has no business doing this. It's still a good laugh.
Wonderful comic acting, well-played....it perfectly meets the expectations you'd have of a pure entertainment romantic comedy. Matt Dillon is especially good and displays a depth to his acting that had yet to be seen when this was first released. A little gem that deserves to be seen.
This was a poor movie with Jack Nicholson, he is one on my favorite actors, Jack accepting to do a movie like this is a real dissapointment. Why did he do it? A sharper script would have helped a lot , the story line was very weak.
Angus made me laugh and cry many times during its short hour and a half. Yes, I was a fat teenager. Maybe that's whyI loved this movie so much. But it's about the strugle, the will to live, that we all face. No matter what age.
Well this was just a great... movie. Sure it's only 20 some minutes long but it's not like anyone had to pay full admission price for this one. It's great. Just 100% Pokémon. None of those humans to get in the way... well no faces at least.
Without question, the finest version of this classic "tearjerker". Belle Bennett will break your heart. The finale (watching the wedding in the rain) is an epiphany comparable to the end of IKIRU... This is a work that should--no, must--be made available for film lovers around the world.
I totally agree with the review. The end of the money absolutely kills it. Save your money for a better film. While Williams gives a great performance, the script is lacking. Next time, I'll not go to a movie til it's been out at least a week.
Stay away from this one! It has the worst plot, worst actors, worst F/X ever! And I have to warn you about the ending: when you just don't think it can get any worse... It sure does! I gave it the 1 out of 10 it deserves!
Hi folks, I directed "Side Effects" and just wanted to say thanks to everyone who was a part of making the movie happen. I also wanted to welcome any comments, criticisms, and answer any questions anyone has about the film. Thanks, best, Scott Allen Perry
This movie was ingenious. A little camp, a little music and so much comedy. The actors really must have had fun working on this one. Clinton Leupp's character Coco was the best part of the film. Do I hear sequel? How about a television show. What fun!!!
I personally, thought the "The Howling IV" was better than the original "Howling", which it is obviously a remake of. The special effects were better and more graphic, and it was more erotic. There was more of a story line and it was less confusing. Not bad.
There is certainly nothing original or creative about this film....more than an hour passes before you even get to see a werewolf...the movie seems to consider the "existence" of werewolves a very shocking revelation but you're not likely to agree. Totally pedestrian, with low-grade special effects. (*1/2)
It wasn't even GOOD male bashing. There are no words for it. I'd much rather watch LOGAN'S RUN for the 50th time, or PIGS! Maybe kick back, drink some kerosene and have a little smoke. Sandra Bernhard is so harsh, she's long since left off being funny.
I have seen this serie in 1976 and all the DVD's a few days ago, and its GREAT!!! All the English actors playing very good, but they always do. I like English films and series very much, but "I Claudius" is my favourite. I give a 10!
As a devoted fan of Rutger Hauer I've seen some crappy productions. This, a remake of a western in a sci-fi setting, tops them all. Can anybody tell me why asteroids have an atmosphere and why you would use a pick-ax when you go there by spaceship?
Yes Emmanuelle is an x rated movie, yes the story and plot development was razor thin, but compared to all other x rated movies it is a big winner, plus Emmanuelle is erotic as hell in parts. Take it for what it is a great x movie.
One of my all time favorite movies about WWII. We forget that victory is gained on many fronts and not all of them involve the military. The minds that worked together to break codes are fascinating. Should be required viewing for all who love to do cryptograms.
Propably the best movie of Troma inc. Some guy gets nightmares and bad traumas from Vietnam. This movie tell us about that guy, as a matter of fact one (and last) day of his life. Contains lots of gore and nightmare-sessions, what are truly incredible. Truly classic!
This movie is good, but disappointingly is nowhere near as good as the first airbud. The storyline is predictable and cheesey and you don't even see much of Josh Framm's legs! The hot teenage Kevin Zegers is the best thing in this movie. Michael (aged 17)
This has to be one of the worst movies that i have seen. The Tagline of the movie was not bad. It was the acting.Perhaps if there was a better script then maybe it would have been a better movie. The leading lady need some acting lessons.
Empty headed precis of a middle brow novel. Lots of "fine acting" and an Antiques Roadshow design aesthetic is supposed to compensate for its total lack of emotional or intellectual content and its narrative illiteracy. Manages to be both finicky and slapdash at the same time. Pants.
I think the film had enough humorous moments to make a 30-minute episode of the standard we've come to expect from the TV series. Because I love the TV show so much, my expectations were perhaps too high, but I found most of this movie vexatiously unamusing.
This movie has everything wrong with it: overdone plot, terrible dialogue (which is full of cliches), poor acting, and ridiculous camerawork. The only thing that was decent was the acting job by the dead daughter, which although tried to copy Blair Witch Project acting, was very good.
This movie is serious and it doesn't claim to solve the problems. But, movies are an experience to entertain, this is not entertainment. This is like watching my kid sister in one of her bad moments of life. There is not even a glimmer of hope anywhere.
Not one of the brighter entries in the wildly uneven Peter Lorre-Sol Wurtzel Moto series, this one sets our hero on the trail of the obligatory jewel smugglers in glamorous, exotic PUERTO RICO, where he encounters a snippy library clerk and a tippy rowboat among other perils.
My kids took me to see this flick & it was an embarassment it was offensive,stereotypical crap Master P. should stick to music.One of the biggest gripes in Hollywood is that Black movies always get ignored around Oscar time.With garbage like this coming out it's no wonder.
Jean-Claude Van Damme plays Louis Burke a mounty who goes undercover in a hardcore prison to investigate why people are dying behind bars, and finds out in the process that the cover-up involves the guards who are harvesting organs in this dumb yet mildly diverting prison pic.
The worst movie I have ever seen. There is no excuse for a low budget flick to be this awful. The comedy only serves to make a bad movie even worse. I want my money back. Do not waste your money or your time renting this movie.
Disappointing film is cold, detached with unsympathetic characters and extreme violence. Though David Caruso and Chris Noth are terrific actors, their roles are not given enough depth to evoke any feeling from viewers. The two female roles are even less developed. Altogether a distasteful and distressing film.
Now this really takes the biscuit. Its a terrible movie with little comedy and the plot is terrible. There is little sex to speak of and when there is its not sexy, its actually funny. 2/10 If you like this movie try: The other rubbish confessions of...series
If poo is all you care about, this might be your thing. Otherwise, thumbs down. I would only care about "Humping Dog" and the "Wrong Hole" just because they are not about poo (well, about `same old in-out') but it's not worth getting for just 2 titles.
This film contained the power of what I believe is stupendous! I choose this film as one of the greatest films I have ever seen overall under Platoon, Three Kings, The Shawshank Redemption, and Life is Beautiful. Darren Doane is the best is movie and music videos.
A mediocre film, rather predictable film, not helped by lazy imagineering work on the spoken form of the alien language - it consists simply of lists of Swahili words read from a phrasebook, and distorted by some kind of vocoder. Plain to anyone who knows the language.
This movie is nervous and uncomfortably over-acted. A story of hatred like such is not at all surprising nowadays. But the director seems too restless to do a good film. I have seen many of gloomy movies and liked some of them, but not this one.
I saw the premier for this movie in Dallas. I love Tim Reid, but I was disappointed in this movie. I thought that the romance between him and a teen was disgusting and took what could have been a really nice movie to an all time low.
Hollywood at its worst. No story, no script, wooden (Glenn Ford, Inger Stevens, and George Hamilton) or over- (Max Baer as Jethro on angel-dust) acting, even the "comic" relief is embarrassing. This leaves you with only violence and photography. Zion National Park looks good. Flick looks bad.
I`ve never seen as many bad actors in a single movie, it seems that they have bought their acting diplomas - if they have one!Not even Brooke's beauty makes this movie tolerable. Unless you are a big fan of her, don't waste your precious time watching it.
What a great and seasoned cast that was assembled for this "sting/grifter" wannabe. Didn't any of them read the script? This was confusing and boring with a poor payoff at the end. The sound track was pretty cool. Check out the two music videos on the DVD.
This is absolutely the worst film I have ever seen in my life. As far as I am concerned, it shows violence towards women and children without explaining why it happened. The whole thing looks like an excuse to show violence on cinema. DON'T SEE IT!!
My God !!!!!!! It's the worst film I've ever seen in ages !!! Sue Price was sooooo bad !!!!!! She just showed us a naked body. Please do not see this one !!!!!!!!!! No plot,bad actors,bad blackground & terrible series !!!!!! We don't need a Nemesis 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is possibly the worse film ever made. the stars of various shows that used to be on the WB teamed up to create this humourless drivel. whoever wrote this should never work again. please spare yourself the agony. dont watch this even if someone pays you...
This excuse for a film is not worthy of the name Knight Rider. Avoid this at all costs. Anyone wanting to see Knight Rider after Michael Knight should see Knight Rider 2000. Even Team Knight Rider is more entertaining than this turkey! Minus 1 out of 10.
This is terrible. Not that I expected much, but this was my first walk out. Mid date, I just got up and left. Oh, and this may be a spoiler... Even if you do watch this, you may want to cover your eyes during the rabbit mutilation.
This is bad. Instead of a tragic, scary film like the first we have a gross, stupid film with an unclear and stupid ending. I wish I'd been afraid to see it. Instead I wasted 90 minutes of my life that I could have spent curing cancer.
This movie stinks. Now, I'm a huge fan of the TV series but the movie shares little of the series' great music, quirky humor, bizarro characters or other fun stuff. Instead, the movie trades all that in for a cliched and boring story about terrorists.
One of Jack Arnold's lesser efforts, it reverses the "Invaders From Mars" theme. Instead of alien's controlling parents, we have kids becoming the mind-controlled tools of forces from beyond who want to stop Earth's "self-destructive" ways. Worth a peek for Jackie Coogan and his snug bathing suit.
..This is definitely a movie for MST3K...My friend and I had fun ripping it apart..the movie just wasn't a pleasant experience..If you feel like committing suicide, watch this movie--it will give you the extra boost to help you venture to the other side.
I hated this movie so much i destroyed my friends tape, i only watched ten minutes of it and blew it up. I hated the t.v show's,this movie, and the memorabilia. the t.v shows got old the movie was gay and the memorabilia was like pokemon cards.
I thought this film was so bad it made Titanic look like a masterpiece. Weak plot, weak characters and I really had I hard time watching this film. Some Gangster films are good ie. Goodfellas, Godfather Trilogy but unfortunately this is not one of them. Absolute rubbish.
do you read harlequin romances? danielle steel? do you in cessantly read women's magazines to find out how to please your man? do you hinge all happiness on having a man in your life? is your IQ equivalent to your age? then you will love this movie.
I'm another one who is waiting for the day this movie comes out on video. I also laughed from start to finish, especially when Alan Arkin discovers the basketball phenom. This movie was wayyyy ahead of its time, and those that didn't laugh just don't get the jokes!
There are so many things wrong with this film, one cannot be sure quite where to begin. The lack of plot? The lack of enthusiasm from the actors? (Ackroyd looks as if he thinks he's in another movie) The terrible musical sequences? Don't even bother renting this dud.
Tony is incredible! It was so nice to see someone as deserving as him win the Emmy for Lead Actor in a comedy series. The man is just plain brilliant! I hope this one has a long run! This is 'must see' television. Way to go USA Network!
This is just one of those movies that you can just enjoy. A very pleasing movie with a ton of memorable lines. If only advertising was really like this. See "The Freak", this movie will not only scare you, it will f**k you up for life! A classic.
Like all of Dennis Potter's work, this shows us what film could & should be. It wakens all the old dormant brain cells. Yes, imagination & inspiration do still live & are still the main ingredients of REAL ART!!! Not necessarily compatible with democracy, tho, maybe, who knows?
a very underrated film by the author of jarassic park. susan day looks sooo good in it. this film gets better on second viewing. there are some problems, like why ARE the girls getting killed but it's a keeper and i wish it was in dvd. i'd buy
Dull, witless, a real pain to watch -- and yet, unbelievably -- it's based on a script which won First Prize in the Austin Film Fest's screenwriting contest! (I guess all that advice about writing interesting stories with strong characters and sharp dialog got ignored by the judges.)
Paulette Goddard is terribly miscasted in her awful role opposite the always fine Ray Milland. John Wayne provides his usual cool talking and the period that this film was made is quite clear: during wartime, but the best scene is the one with the giant seamonster, really superb!
I didn't mind this movie as this was made in the 1930's and it was a black and white movie. I still liked the coloured one, the one that was made in 1992 better than this one. I give this movie about at least 6 out of 10.
Implausible and boring, with distracting and unnecessary profanity. Bonnie Hunt's talent was totally wasted. Maybe the film would have worked if a different set of actors had been cast. It was really quite unpleasant to watch them going through the motions, and not caring about them at all.
Aside from the gross factual inaccuracies of this movie (ie king Richard having a son and that son replacing John on the throne) this movie was a sweet love tale full of adventure. I'm sure that this movie will appeal to the younger generation of girls and boys.
This film was the best movie that Malcolm Lee produced. Nia Long, Taye Diggs, and other supporting actors and actresses have performed their roles so excellent that should be a part 2 to this film. If you haven't already, get the soundtrack to this film it sounds wonderful.
Dil Chahta Hai is truly a ground-breaking film in the history of Indian cinema! The camera-work, editing, music, sound effects, etc being amazing as they are; the costumes, the dialogues, the characters are what make this film so awesome! This film has changed the look of Indian cinema.
Unlike other other comments I have read about this movie, I enjoyed the film. It started out slow, and I was somewhat sceptical for the first half hour, but it turn out to be a hilarious very well acted movie. Give this one the benefit of the doubt.
Great comedy for those who like the Scottish spirit and sense of humor. Fairly low budget look doesn't hinder the film except for the sound track. Lot's of memorable scenes and quotes. I enjoyed it for the characters and not so much for the look or the sound.
One of my favorite movies, it is perfect for the romantic who has been disillusioned. This is what happens if love is taken to the extreme. It goes from perfect love to perfect hate, and you will always remember this movie. Watch it, it's definitely worth the time.
Shown in two parts, "Streets of Laredo" is the best of the "Lonesome Dove" series. The casting is excellent, especially Sonia Braga and George Carlin, who by the way, is excellent at dramatic acting. The story line never lags, as it is played out. I highly recommend watching.
This movie is very lighthearted and funny. It is one of, if not the best, of Don's films. If only it were available to buy. Until then, my taped TV version will have to do. Don Knotts is my favorite actor of all time. Keep them coming Don!
"Smart House" is a lightweight, but enjoyable family comedy, made by Disney, about a family winning a state-of-the-art house. The special effects are okay, as is the acting. I caught this on cable one night and decided to watch it and I enjoyed it...as a lightweight fantasy, though.
Babe Ruth was as wooden as one of his bats, but Pigtails hit a grand slam! I understand that Frances Victory went on to a distinguished Broadway stage career with her equally talented chien partner. It has been hinted that this superlative duo drove the Astaires from Broadway.
I saw this at NYC Horror Film Festival and was shocked to read that it won for best feature!!! This film was boring and lackluster and by no means was compelling. I do not see why it is labeled as a horror film. Maybe because it is horrific.
This a GREAT movie. It's one of my favorites. It's funny, smart, and it has a lot to say about vanity and jealousy. Not only that, but it really changed my perspective on the idea of living forever. It shows you that it is NOT a good idea!
This seems to be the Sesame Street adoption of "Labyrinth" (1986, Jim Henson). Yet, I love Labyrinth. TAOEIG is less dark than the original, and generally more funny. Perfect family entertainment (not only for the children) with lots of nice music, jokes and warmth. 10 out of 10.
This film is just fun to sit through. Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase turn in a couple of great performances and Charles Grodin is very good as well. The screenplay by Neil Simon is very good, I also liked the score from Marvin Hamlisch. Fun film to watch.
In comparing Flashdance and Footloose, I'd say that Flashdance is more entertaining and believable. Plus the dancing in Footloose is weak, and if dancing has been banned for so long, how can those kids know how to breakdance? 8/10 stars, only because it is a feel good movie.
This has to be one of the best shows ever made! I've never laughed at a show as much as this. Dodgey sets, acting and scripts with some of the funniest one-liners that would make Bruce Campbell fell proud. And this is only after the fist 3 episodes
Hoverboy is a hilarious spoof of 50's Communist paranoia. The animation is first rate and the story line will leave you laughing. This film combines 1950's style comic book drawings with that eras "Red Menace" propaganda. This is a short film you'll want to see more than once!
This is one of those rare times when almost all of the great martial arts actors from the 70s are in the same flick. Great action sequences and a more than passable plot (by Kung Fu standards) make this one of the better kick flicks of all time.
I loved this movie. It was pure entertainment the entire time. This, and the three other movies Spellos starred in as Orville Ketchum, are some of the greatest films i have ever seen. Anyone who thinks otherwise, should go through the amount of punishment that Orville's body takes.
One of those in UR face, intense, violent pieces that U won't soon forget...tells the story of three youths and how their lives are shaped by their war-torn surroundings...never had any idea that this movie was going to be so RAW...whoa...a cross between "Natural Born Killers" and "Scarface"...
Many top name actors appear in this film. A must see film for all people! Definitely makes one think about and analyze your own values. Race is a very strong determining factor in American society and this movie speaks to what it means to be true to yourself.
Good movie about a group of Italian American twentysomethings centering around two Nicky and Ralph and their criminal ways and relationships. The story is kind of borrowing from MEAN STREETS but it has its own little twists. Pretty good movie I recommend to fans of GOODFELLAS and MEANSTREETS.
this is not even close to the original! I watched it for the first time when i was 10 and the whole way through me and my friend laughed so hard we were crying! up until a few years ago this was the funniest movie id ever seen!
What an excellent movie. Saw it when I was a teenager and fell in love with Rex. One of my all time favorites! I thought all the acting was very good and such a beautiful voice Rex has, and what a hunk!! He certainly takes my breath away.
fun, fun, fun; well made in every detail; fantastic score, beautiful photography, story with twists, lots of action, fun actors - having fun doing the movie and being fun to watch, this western comedy is a delight. By the way; I'm NOT exaggerating. One of the Hill/Spencer highlights.
In the true spirit of Full Moon Entertainment who previously did the Puppet Master series come Blooddolls! Its campy, It has bad acting I I really loved this movie alot! Can't wait for the sure to come sequel!If its from Full Moon you know its gotta be good!
I liked the first one.the second was poor and not helped by the narration by a DJ.This is far worse with a very low budget,a terrible script.and for a horror film minus scares chills and thrills.The acting is bad and the movie is just rubbish.1 out of 10
I only saw a portion of this particular "movie" but what I saw looks like it was made in France. Oh, I pine for the days when that mighty Viking, the Swedish Chef, still roamed Scandinavia, stamping out all such crap with one swing of his frying pan.
a well done thriller with good acting and a great look. Andrew Davis did a good job with the camera work and the over all look of the film. it looked clean and sleek and i loved it. the acting from everyone on the film was great too.
This worthless collection of anti-military cliches is so bad that it actually makes Battlefield Earth look good by comparison. It demonstrates that the writers and director were completely ignorant of nuclear weaponry, military procedures, and even basic geography. One of the very worst movies ever made.
First of all I have to admit that I did not really like the original Maneater. But this film truly made me bite my nails. Lots of gore and splatter, great actors and marvelous special-effects. Andreas Schnaas has really made a step forward to professional filming.
I expected a lot better from this director but frankly this film is the greatest load of rubbish I have seen in a long time. Plot? What plot? Story? What story? For the life of me I cannot even guess WHY anyone would want to release this crap!
This particular TE! is very much trapped in time. While it does have a bunch of great songs and pieces, the musical interludes in between old footage are almost embarrassing. The other 2 TE!s were much better. That's More Entertainment! on the other hand, was absolutely hideous.
This movie is purely wonderful slapstick. Jack Nicholson as the quirky anger management therapist Dr. Buddy Rydell and Adam Sandler as patient Dave Buznik. It's amazing to see how insane yet practical Rydell's (Nicholson) methods are. A great movie to see if you're a Nicholson and/or Sandler fan.
This is about the worst Sandler movie I have ever seen. After having seen one hour I was still waiting for my first laugh... I was bored to death, so I didn't watch the whole movie... and usually I like Sandlers movies, but this one hits the bottom...
This is an insult to James Bond...They try to copy a 007 movie by using bad actors & bad scenario. What were they thinking??? You have to be fool to make a near movie! I give it nothing more than 1 out of 5 (and I am generous).
It starts out as a simple kidnap that Norm MacDonald kidnaps his bosses dog, but then the dog escapes and the police think that Norm got kidnapped. Then one thing leads to another, and the whole story flips around. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comedies.
Boring, narcissistic pseudo-documentary. The film-maker tries to make a statement but the problem is that he has nothing to say. The only good moment in this movie comes after about 10 minutes: a fake cereal commercial that is actually quite funny. The rest is a pointless, quasi-profound mess.
I loved this movie. It was pure entertainment the entire time. This, and the three other movies Spellos starred in as Orville Ketchum, are some of the greatest films i have ever seen. Anyone who thinks otherwise, should go through the amount of punishment that Orville's body takes.
Like many movies with political/ideological messages, this movie veers into the preachy at times, but the character development is good. Fine acting from Ling Bai. The plot unfolds well and develops and maintains suspense. A fascinating and sometimes chilling peek into a legal system very different from America's.
I own the DVD of "A Better Way to Die" and I thought a lot of the film when I watched it. I am a fan of action movies and this film has plenty. Scott Wiper has great talent, and I look forward to viewing his future endeavours.
I enjoyed the fast pace of the movie as well as its quirky nature. The several stars of the movie just added to the fun. Were they the good guys or the bad guys? Even the Mafia has a problem with finding qualified killers these days it seems.
Loosely based upon the life of Janis Joplin and her struggles with fame and drugs, the Rose stays with the viewer long after the final fadeout. Acting tour-de-forces are manifest everywhere, and although virtually the entire supporting cast brings a Broadway-style truth and urgency that make thus excellent.
Adam Sandler plays a hilarious role in this fun comedy. Plot is a little weak, but its covered up by funny scenes every where you look and whenever Adam Sandler is in it, you know it's going to be fun. A must if you love comedy. 80%
This is Sandler's best movie to date. I could watch this movie 50 times and still laugh. It doesn't get any better than this, except for Tommy Boy! Sandler can only go downhill from here, Waterboy was dumb compared to this. Goddamn I hate that Bob Barker, Classic!!!
Hinterholz 8 is a bad Austrian movie compared to Indien, Muttertag and Freispiel. The actors and actresses are good, but the story is poor. Some dialogs and scenes are really good but there are few. If you expect another movie typical Düringer movie like Muttertag, save your money!
I liked it. I actually watched it many times I like it so much. At times it did seem that some of the actors were searching their memory for the next line to say, but in all, it was a very good movie. "Hey, love 40 baby". :-)
I'll be brief. I didn't want to watch 'The Beach' because of the bad reviews, but when I accidentally came across it while surfing through the channels, I couldn't stop watching. If you're young and have a thing for interesting stories, you'll love this one. 10/10
I have just watched the movie again for the umpteenth time. As much as I enjoy the first two pieces, I love the last one with Ellen DeGeneres and Sharon Stone. It just oozes joy and love. I can't watch that piece enough. It makes me feel happy.
This is the worst film that I 've seen in a while. very amateurish acting and directing. A bad independent film, an imitation of Cassavetes films. But Cassavetes had talent and a flair for good actors. Nobody sticks out in this film. It was a waste of time.
far too long. poor story. nicholson broke up with his young girlfiend early in the movie, then we had to wait what seemed like hours as nicholson predictably, slowly developed enthusiasm for keaton. and then at the end the physician abruptly removed himself from the scene in paris.
Sly needs to stick to 'Rambo' and 'Rocky' movies and forget about doing comedy. Plot was weak. While this is suppose to be a comedy, it got very few laughs from the audience. One of the few movies I was tempted to leave after the first twenty minutes.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what people saw in this movie? To sum it up: Reese's character was totally shallow. She's mean to her friends, family, fiance & husband but they love her anyway. The ending was totally predictable. The movie was a time waster for me.
the only reason i watched this movie is because of the rate it was given. In the end this was a dumb movie, actors trying to be funny, a very poor plot etc. after seeing The Forsaken, this is the worst vampire movie so far
It was both inspiring and painful to see such great lead and supporting talent demonstrating their craft with nothing to work with. It could have just as well have been several one-person demonstrations of how to act. I'm glad I got this video for free from the library.
The movie is just a waste of time. To think anyone would actually spend money to make this movie. Lindsay Lohan is somewhat of a good actress but the way she represents Lola is just horrible. If you want entertainment read the book don't go see the movie.
What was the purpose of this gibberish unless to aggravate all lovers of vampire film. Amateur hour performances, exhausted dialogue, totally ridiculous use of the camera, and then there was the big finale [a concoction as stale as last week's salad]. Two fangs down to this empty casket.
This movie surpasses Redneck zombies and Puma Man! I love "Le Bad Cinema" and this one the worst that I have had the pleasure of viewing. This movie joins the ranks of "Wade and Gordon Bumpter's Movie review" show with special guest Sinead O'Connor. It is to love.
Possibly THE WORST FILM I have ever watched. It was pure torture to sit through it all...and the only reason I stayed until the end is because I was waiting for something good to happen. Unfortunately, the only good thing to happen was the rolling of the credits.
Easily the worst of the Universal "Invisible" series, this barely qualifies as horror. Mostly, it's a lot of embarrassing buffoonery about winning the war that must have lowered morale in theaters all over Allied territory. "You Naszty Spy" and "I'll Never Heil Again" look like Lubitsch in comparison.
Lame. Shockingly lame. Lame beyond belief. And cynical, too - Hollywood at its most exploitative and greedy. The original cartoons were no great shakes, but this... this really lowers the bar for TV nostalgia cash-ins. And to think that Rowan Atkinson used to be funny.
All the reviews said this film was crap. "Reviewers have been wrong before", I thought. So, with the hope of a wallow in childhood nostalgia, I went to see the film. Wrong move. The critics were right. Don't see it. Not unless your under 10 years of age.
i hated hated hated this movie. one of the worst i've ever seen, the acting is horrid, the cinematography is mediocre, and is absolutely wretched. the only thing scary about this movie is that it was ever actualy made... i just cant say enough bad things about movie.
Don't waste your time... I couldn't even finish watching this annoying crap... Claims on the advertising for this "film" claim it's a unique look at a gay relationship? Again, gay men are really women, so turn them into transvestites... Who writes this garbage? How about Ugly, meets Ugly..?
I have read just about all of Kathy Lette's books, they are fabulous. This movie however, was just a total waste of time, I couldn't possibly say anything good about it. All I can say is, I am pleased that I didn't bother seeing it at the cinema.
This fourth installment had many to think the series was over with the death of Jason, but just wait until the sixth Friday. It sure was fun watching this one and seeing a young Corey Feldman put a temporary end to Jason with good gore, action, and suspense.
This was a play that was turned into a really lousy movie. There was no plot, the camera work was horrible, and it was horribly boring. None of the actors had the least bit of appeal. I wasted my money by renting this, so don't waste yours too.
This film has ruined a good storyline. The location and the action are very good but the silly charactures spoil it, by trying to compete for the main role after "Simon". Anyone considering watching this film should be aware that it is best viewed whilst doing other tasks.
This movie is so bad, it's hilarious. Acting is terrible, and there is no sript. This is really disgusting. I can't believe TV had the guts to show this drivel. I would never see this again, not even if got paid. There's not really much more to say.
This movie surpasses Redneck zombies and Puma Man! I love "Le Bad Cinema" and this one the worst that I have had the pleasure of viewing. This movie joins the ranks of "Wade and Gordon Bumpter's Movie review" show with special guest Sinead O'Connor. It is to love.
The short story told by the Native American, as a prologue to this movie's plot, is the best part of the film. It is hard to believe that the same creative minds responsible for the opening short story could screw the rest of the movie up so badly.
Looking at this movie, I wondered if I did not already see it. The theme is not original (anymore), we have seen the setting in other movies, the acting is poor, as is the story. So, there is no reason why I should recommend this movie to anybody.
It is sad to see the previously great Vincent Price attach himself to the front and back end of this amateurish production of silly & sad non-spooky shorts. He's in there briefly at the front, and briefly at the end, but the stuff inbetween was made by hacks.
Awful awful awful.... don't spedn the seemingly 8 hours it takes to watch this film. It can be funny in parts, but it really drags on, and has no pay off at the end. Stare at the wall or do something prodcutive instead of watching this poor effort.
This "comedy" is awful. It is boring. Good actors making fools of themselves appearing in this awful movie. There was nothing funny in this movie. Jokes are awful and the plot is junk also... Avoid this movie at all costs. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. Depressing...
H.G. Lewis tried to top "Blood Feast" with this somewhat creative clunker about a magician who saws people in half-- literally. The goopy blood flows freely helping cover the dreadful performances and Lewis's usual incompetent direction. Only interesting as a curio from the era before "Friday the 13th."
This is no teen horror movie. Instead its a really good exploration into consequences of obsession. The direction was very good. I found it entertaining, frightening and most of all, thought provoking. Special mention to Thora Birch who adeptly highlights the subtle transformation of her character throughout the story.
I was blown away by this flick. I have never heard of this movie until one of my friends had purchased the DVD. The movie has no one very famous in it, but the acting, dialogue and story are terrific. It is a hilarious movie. I highly recommend it.
Some parts are terrible and stupid, but many are fascinating. I hated and liked it from time to time, and wanted to fast-forward, but I couldn't. You have to endure it to see what I mean. A few parts are unforgettable, and more than a few are quite forgettable.
Good story about a backwoods community in the Ozarks around the turn of the century. Moonshine is the leading industry, fighting and funning the major form of entertainment. One day a stranger enters the community and causes a shake-up among the locals. Beautiful scenery adds much to the story.
I liked the movie very much. Wonderful girls. Beautiful view of Las Vegas, a very interesting plot and the extraordinary presence of Gabriella Hall which is the perfect woman for me(beautiful, expressive,sexy,young and very good actress). I recommend this movie for a lot of fun !!!!
If you like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers you must see this movie if only for the "Smoke Gets In Your Eyes" dance sequence...in a word...glorious. A platinum blonde Lucille Ball is one of the models in a fashion show that features stunning gowns and furs of the era.
I'm sure it's not meant to be funny but it's so ... cheesy that one can't help but to laugh from start to finish. There were some "duh" moments involved but even they were laughable. I highly recommend this Troma release to anybody who loves independent movies. Go TROMA!
I am disabled and I could not sleep one night. I was flipping through the channels and I found this movie on. It brought tears to my eyes. This movie made me realize that now matter how bad things get, there is always someone worse. An excellent movie :)
Starting with a wonderful screenplay full of interesting characters, Ivan Passer crafted an amazing film. The performances are top notch as is the music and all the elements of this wonderful film. Mark Harmon and Mimi Rogers shine in two of the best parts they ever got to play.
I have always thought that Cindy Williams was a fine comedic actress I have all 178 episodes of Laverne & shirley on tape. she was just marvellous as Touly in this movie. Good work Cindy! Also liked the scenery. It was a very Nice movie from a visual standpoint.
I thought this miniseries was an excellent because it shows how much the judicial system can be corrupt. It also showed what families go threw when fighting for a child where a husband has killed his wife and tries to get custody after he has done a horrible crime.
Although the premise is interesting, this movie doesn't always carry it through well. That being said, this movie features some of the funniest lines I have ever heard in a movie, particularly from Michael Keaton, who made one of the GREATEST entrances ever in what was his first film.
Although the premise is interesting, this movie doesn't always carry it through well. That being said, this movie features some of the funniest lines I have ever heard in a movie, particularly from Michael Keaton, who made one of the GREATEST entrances ever in what was his first film.
This version is 10X the quality of the later (1947) Mickey Rooney version. Even though Rooney makes some "cute" comments, the lack of "feel" for the story is apparent. Watch both and you'll agree. This version is EXCELLENT. Much better fighting scenes, too. And a definitely better love angle...
Although the plot is rather ordinary, this film is generally much better than most blaxploitation entries, thanks to hard-hitting direction, powerful performances (Kotto is a standout), thoughtful script and multi-dimensional characters. However, it is recommended only to those with strong stomachs, since it is exceptionally violent and bloody. (***)
Sonatine Directed by Takeshi Kitano (Japan) is in a subtle way like Gregory's Girl Directed by Bill Forsyth (Scotland)! They are two of a kind! They are Magic! (e.g. Smashing, Superb, etc...)! P.S. (If I don't like a movie! I don't watch it again! I don't tear it down!)!
The characters in this film do NOT act like real people. It's just not authentic. I sat in the theater thinking "no woman would do that to her family." When I can't recognize the characters as real human beings, that's when I have a major problem with the film.
I liked the script, but some of the actors are not so good. The battle scienes weren't good at all. And one more thing: in the book Athos was very quiet, but in this movie he is very talkative. Anyway I recomand you to see this movie for fun.
Don't believe the rating above 4.7 ???? read the other comments this is a great little film. It has a real deadpan pacing and a lovely dark edge, but when it came to the redemption it didn't seem t forced. Why can't more American films be like this?
this movie is hilarious! my friends and i couldn't stop laughing. and the way the professional actors try to learn how to be a gangsta from a book is even funnier! go and see this movie now! i recommend it totally! go, y r u stilL here? GO ~!!!
This is a brilliant film, and the actors are great. A "wonderful" story, that makes one think about life and its meaning... I am truly touched by this film. This film is not like any others, so if you haven't yet seen it, then run along down to Blockbuster!!!!
Predator tells a tale of suburban commando's who trespasses into the vietnamese jungle where something alien is lurking. Combined by special effects, the art work on the costume of the predator is amazing. Gory scenes are shown which should not be shown to younger viewers. Predator's sequel is terrible.
Predator tells a tale of suburban commando's who trespasses into the vietnamese jungle where something alien is lurking. Combined by special effects, the art work on the costume of the predator is amazing. Gory scenes are shown which should not be shown to younger viewers. Predator's sequel is terrible.
"Camp" is a fun movie going experience. Combining elements of teenage summer camp coming of age stories, interwoven with musical theater performances, "Camp" doesn't cease to entertain. The cast of unknowns may not have the acting chops of more seasoned veterans, but their sheer musical talent compensates for this.
Gerald Potterton's "Heavy Metal" is definitely one of the best animation movies ever made.It has everything:violence,sex,nudity,humor and intelligent story.Great soundtrack by such hard rock/heavy metal groups like Black Sabbath,Nazareth,Devo,Blue Oyster Cult,Journey,Sammy Hagar,Trust,Grand Funk Railroad etc.My favourite segment from "Heavy Metal" is "B-17"-this one is dark,bloody and creepy!My highest recommendation.
"Mifunes Sidste Sang" is brilliant!It's very humorous and funny and there's a good balance between irony and sadness.The acting is excellent and the direction is even better.Usually I'm not a fan of comedies but this film totally cracked me up!Gotta love especially the performance by Jesper Asholt(Rud).My highest recommendation.
A fantastic satire in the vein of Spinal Tap, only more clever. A wonderful supporting cast, great locations and an air of spontaneity all add to the wonderful acting jobs turned in by Tony Markes, and in his own Woody Allen-esque way, Adam Rifkin. This film is a "10".
I believe Clavell was a great historical novelist, and when he tried out the silver screen, with all its limitations, he maintained his integrity. The sheer quality of this flick shines through. It's set in Vietnam in 1950, and, as usual, if it's Eastern society, he can teach it.
This is a superb storyline and has excellent music. Set in the background of Rajasthan, this picture gives a beautiful insight into the Rajasthani culture and way of life. One wonders why more such enjoyable pictures are not made. More such pictures will enhance the stock of Bollywood films.
Clever man meets mermaid comedy with Hanks fitting the bill as a lonely New York bachelor who falls in love with winsome mermaid Hannah. Candy is also delightful as Hanks' irresponsible brother. The script is very funny and director Howard has a wonderful eye for the sentimental and satiric.
For once it is reasonably clear why the heroine falls in love with the hero, and also the motivation of the hero, even if it is unlikely, is well presented. This was one of the few movies that actually made me cry, and its images of Kashmir are beautiful.
"Lifeboat" is one of Hitchcock's best films of WW2, and wonderful as a description hardly does the film justice. Tallulah Bankhead, William Bendix, John Hodiak, and Mary Anderson give the best performances in the film, and the woman with the dead baby near the beginning is a poignant touch.
Good early Republic actioner. Only one cheat at a chapter ending, where you see Zorro fall from a building, but the next chapter shows him still hanging there. Carroll is best, Renaldo is fun, and Yakima Cannutt's stunt work is first rate. If only they didn't have Zorro SING!
This movie is a real movie, as opposed to so many make believe films. It has a real, engrossing story, rich characters, and themes that are both humorous and painful. This is a fine picture. The lead actress is stunningly good. This is a fine adaptation of the novel
This film includes one of the all-time great double entendre conversations between Sean Connery's rogue/gentleman and a lady (whose morals may not be what they appear). You will never again hear a discussion of tools and workmen without thinking of it and chuckling. Mae West would have loved it!
to say it lightly, i loved this movie. it's one of those cheesy types that is so poorly done that you can't help but smile. if you're the type who likes dumb movies like bring it on, the mummy, and chicken run, this could be the one for you!
THE ARISTOCATS is a brilliant film by Chuck Jones which utilizes ingenious backgrounds and dynamic cutting, via John McGrew's extraordinary layout, to create a new kind of animation. The Jones and McGrew partnership in design extablished a new rhythm of stylization that certainly led to the modern UPA work.
Warren Beatty shows he has moved on from his early Director/Writer days (Reds etc) but is still thinking deeply about what is happening in the real world. Bulworth is radical in that telling the truth is always risky business and for the music alone this film should be huge.
Wilder should have more like this one, it is his best, up there with Blazing Saddles, Stir Crazy, Willy Wonka, Young Frankinstien. The only other film that rivels this one is Sherlocks Holms Smarter Brother. See this film today, it airs on the FXM: Movies From Fox. Highly recomended!
Perhaps first time director Russell DeGrazier will turn into something one day, but it's not going to be on the basis of this movie. Decent actors, but overall an uninvolving script with characters that I didn't care a fig about. The abrupt ending is blessed relief from the boredom.
Wow, this movie was horrible. As a Bills fan I was really looking forward to it, but this was bad. They should have left it on the shelf it was on for 4 years. I can't believe a guy like Jon Voight would sign on for something like this.
I like this one because it made me laugh and it had some good acting mainly by Willis and Pheiffer and some good laughs by Rita Wilson and Paul Reiser you shouldn't miss this movie mainly because it is a good depiction of a off and on good marriage.
Very good visual effects, especially light & shadow, for a porno. Almost had a plot, another plus. My only complaint is that the two leading ladies, Selena Steele (Raquel) and Raven I/Nellie Marie Vickers/Rachel Vickers/Vicky Vickers (Veronica) didn't have sex with each other, oh how hot that would've been!
If you have read the book and then look the film, you think that it isn´t the same. I think the book is better, but you can´t realize all things in the book. In the book Ritter is a nice guy and not so bad as in the film.
Truly a "film noir" - there are essentially no humorous scenes in this movie with the possible exception of the jury deliberation scene. The main story line revolves around repressed memories that gradually emerge, everything in this movie is dark from the story to the camera work... a classic.
I have watched this movie so many times, I still watch it to this day. The character impersonations are great, and the athletes are a real trip, too. And for 1979, the animators did a great job with the movie! Definitely a recommended movie for all young and old!
A glorious rendition of Vlad's life, Mr. Martin plays the Impaler Prince with wonderous accuracy, his tooth-rattling intensity is in keeping with the most accurate historical documents regarding Vlad Tepes. Jane March is beautific as Lydia and the rest of the supporting cast excels as well. A must see.
Finally, a GANSTER FILM WITHOUT dENIRO THAT STILL WORKS! Costas Mandylor brilliantly played a man trapped in a situation he cant get out of. Joey P Had No problem with all of his anger and RObert Davi made my feet tingle with excitement. Please make another advrnture for Nick.
This is one of my all time favorite T.V. series. The only problem I have is that it is no longer on the air here. Is there a cable station that it airs on? How do I obtain copies of this great show? Give me a hollar at: Trosperjam@yahoo.com
Confused and stuttering comedy in which Eve returns in Vichy France to work for the resistance and falls in love with the same man all over again. It's one redeeming feature is that the very lovely Diane Franklin is on screen for most of the film
The Crocodile Dundee series is a great one that's funny and exciting at the same time!Paul Hogan and Linda Kozlowski are very good.I just like the scenes in the out back and and Hogan is hilarious in the city!This series is very good and very entertaining.Check it out soon!
Absolutely amasing, as I'm from Wales myself I could appreciate the humour, others outside outside of Wales may not. If you're up for a good laugh and have an open mind this film is there. This is the Welsh version of other classics such as Trainspotting and Lock Stock
If you love cheesy lines and slapstick you'll agree this movie rocks. An undemanding movie that is easy to watch and does not get boring. If you liked this movie you'll love 'Kull the conquerer' starring Kevin Sorbo from 'The adventures Hercules', and any/all of the Mortal Kombat movies.
A film that sets out to make fun of the politicians should be number one at the Australian box office but this really fails- it just isn't funny. The problem lies with the huge number of main characters. It has absolutely no focus and fails to generate the laughs.
the walz used in the film "Un carnet de bal" 1937 is used also for a short scene in the 1936 film "Meyerling" . the scene is where Charles Boyer and Danelle Darieux take a walk in the Vienese Prater. The name of the walz is "The grey walz".
This is one of my favorite movies of all times. It's funny, moving, tragic, hilarious, just all in one. Tom Conti gives a memorable world-class performance and the stunning beauty of Kelly Mc Gillis is a feast for the eyes. I wish this one-of-a-kind masterpiece were available on DVD.
Another one of those movies where all of the humorous parts were in the trailer. Totally predictable and really not very funny. Sorry I bothered to rent it. I wasn't expecting a totally original story-line but I rarely even smiled during this movie. A romantic comedy should be funny.
You can count the good hip-hop films on one hand. Well this is one of them. Williams is excellent in his first lead role. The film has ghetto issues, prison, slavery and love all covered. One complaint is that Williams isn't allowed to preach his poetry more.
This movie is one of the worst movies I've seen. You want a werewolf movie, watch An American Werewolf in London. This one looked so, so fake. Why does the dog always have his month open??? If you like watching a movie with a guy with hair, watch this.
This might honestly be the worst movie I've ever seen. Sequels, Sequels, I mean WOW!!!! I can however honestly reccomend this to all you asipiring actors/writers/directors. Watch this... and take notes, this is what NOT TO DO!!!! I mean really, it's so bad you just got to see it.
I can't believe that movie was made and worse that so many people actually saw it. I didn't think there could be a worse adam sandler movie than there already are but Waterboy took the cake. Mostly I am ashamed that someone actually took credit for writing the screenplay.
For the most part the acting was poorly done (especially on part of the Park Ranger), and the stories were anything but scary. Predictable and rather poorly shot, even if there was a low budget. The idea for this movie was a good one, it just wasn't pulled off.
This is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen. It's mainly a paper thin story sewn together by some awful potty jokes. Though it does get credit for the famous blow it scene this movie has nothing to offer for anyone over the age of 2.
There is not one thing that I really liked about this movie. I thought if Bruce Campbell and Sam Raimi were involved, then this would be a decent flick. Boy, was I wrong. I found the story lacking. All but like two of the death were worth a darn.
Even rail buffs will be turned off by this waste of celluloid. A non-connected, early-'80s "Porky"-style adolescent string of puns and bathroom humor that is an insult to anyone who has rented this expecting some railroad action. In fact, the train itself is hardly seen. Get "Silver Streak" instead.
Quite possibly the worst direct to video horror film ever made. The first half is stupid, and the second half doesn't make any sense. Also I have never seen a film with so many unattractive people. Even Leprachaun had Jennifer Aniston. I would unwatch this film if I could.
This movie is SOOOOO bad! If hockey was actually anywhere near this bad, it would be WWF on ice. This movie is nothing but stupidity, sexism, swearing, and violence. The only thing worse than this movie is Slap Shot 2. Don't waste your time watching this. Boring and mind-numbing.
This film is a complete waste of time. The film throws out all sorts of allegations, and yet does not back it up. Thousands of American soldiers were involved in the invasion and yet the film does not have a single ONE backing the films allegations. Skip this one.
This film I have seen today on the International Film Festival Of Rotterdam. This film is really the worst film I have ever seen. I've seen a lot movies but this no move is so worse as this one. For a fan of films. This is really a nightmare!!!
As usual Dacascos displays some excellent moves and great style in the fight scenes. The choreography ain't half bad either. However, thats the only compliment I can come up with for this movie. The dialogue will have you cringing and the plot is extremely weak and full of holes.
Based on reviews that I've read I expected something other than this bitter dose of misanthropy. The roles are pastiches that are so over-played as to be wearying. The plot line proceeds in a grueling and gruesome hatefulness to a foregone conclusion. Not a redeeming moment to this turkey.
Everything is terrible about this movie. The robot is just some guy in a cheap police outfit. He has the ability to see in the past somehow with a "replay" mode. Script, acting, lighting, effects, ..... I mean everything is horrendous. However its a good movie for a laugh.
Albert Brooks spends two hours whining and feeling sorry for himself, and noone else helps this script. Various semi-celebrities walk in and out of the scenes, for no reason at all - it seems the director was grabbing whoever was walking by to fill in the time. Skip it.
This is a morbid comedy with a fabulous performance by Rose McGawon. No, it's not as good as Clueless or Heathers, but the film abounds with wickedly funny one liners. At times over the top, you will like this film if you remember not to take it too seriously.
This movie is more confusing and boring than just plain bad. The badness just doesn't jump out and bite you like "Neptune Men" or *shudder* "Overdrawn At The Memory Bank". Some scenes, like the pee-throwing or the "I'm commminnnggg!" guy or "Prince Jumpjugs" are actually pretty funny without M&TB.
Ahhhhhh...Quest for the Lost City! Good times! This film features an alcoholic hick hero named "Zap Rowsdower"; an effeminate teenage boy named "Troy"; a black-clad, mullet-sporting group of Canadian wrestlers; a bad guy who talks like Darth Vader; and Canada's answer to Yosemite Sam!! Go see it!!
I thought I had seen terrible movies in my life, but this one takes the cake... It's by far the worse movie ever made and I have no idea how it won the awards that it did... Save yourselves the time and agony and watch something else, anything else...
This movie inspires feelings of disgust in me; it does not stay true to the novel, and contains offensive elements which have been added by the writers of the script. Sir Thomas is turned into some kind of a sick pervert. I felt like vomiting after seeing this movie.
**SPOILER** Rather boring film about a psycho mass-murdering mother whose adventures are covered up by her loving hubby and daughter. Things go awry when she kills her husband and the daughter flips out and then the story really doesn't know what to do (About 18 minutes into the film).
Crash is an interesting film, it is not the best movie I have ever seen, but it is one worth a watch. It has an odd story, but it is a very sensual film. The film has a wonderful cast, and Hunter, Spader, and Arquette are ok in it.
One of the worst movies I've ever seen. The plot consists almost entirely of a really, really bad chase scene between a scary black Chrysler and a mini schoolbus (you know, the 'special' bus). Somehow, when viewed in the wee hours of the morning, though, it almost becomes watchable. Almost.
Ok. Almost nothing actually happens in this film, but that does not mean it isn't tense, exciting, interesting, and very sexy. Laura Dern could start forest fires just by standing too close to the trees. Everything about this film reflects the quality and talent that went into making it.
Jason Lee is one of the wittiest, funniest actors...I just love watching him, and he was absolutely great in this movie. David Schwimmer was good, and Mili Avital was impressive(first time I had ever seen her!). I thought this was a great romantic comedy...to the extreme. VERY ROMANTIC, VERY COMEDIC!
Beautiful camera work from the director of Tokyo Fist and Bullet Ballet. Shows that he has come a long way from his small budget days. Plot gets a little predictable midway through which is ironic as you would expect a little more ingenuity from the director who brought us Tetsuo.
To see this movie gave me the feeling of what it was like during this time in our history that is sad at what the Jewish people went through. At the same time amazed at what a young boy of 11 could do to survive and live in this period.
Not the best film ever, but with this many monkeys it can't be at all bad. Definitely worth watching. I suppose maurice chevalier also lends some class to the film. But the monkeys are the real reason for watching it. They're great. It can't be long until someone remakes this.
This, like ENOUGH, starring Jennifer Lopez, and others dealing with abuse issues are movies about what many women feel about wrongs done, and are a good way to work through the anger without actually having to go to jail for "acting out!" I am waiting for this one on DVD.
You will get some excitement out of this movie, once you stop expecting Goldie Hawn to be funny. I think she could really do more of these "serious" parts and John Heard is also quite convincing. I haven't seen any other films of Damian Harris but I would like to.
This like it's going to be a good slasher at the beginning, when in the second scene, Bigman defeats another bikie in a jousting match with chains, then soon after another of his gang punches a nun to death, but it goes very quiet after that and never picks up.
GREAT MOVIE!!!! I liked it movie because of the situation where the personages are involved, Jim and Josie, prisoners in a supermarket. It has many funny and marked scenes as when Jim, with bride clothes and walking of skids sees Josie and falls after that. Good film
This was a very entertaining flick. Danny Draven simply is one of the most talented directors in the low budget scene. The Darkwalker make-up is outstanding and the kills were cool too. Pretty bloody, but not really too gory. Check it out if you like good stalk and slash flicks.
This is a very funny play that i thoroughly enjoyed watching. It's really funny but makes you think at the same time. Our school is doing this play and I can't wait! I am an understudy for Mrs Kirby, it should be really fun! Everyone should see this funny play!
Looking back on this movie, I really think this was the most realistic of all the political movies Kinski has made. Paris is the home of internation terrorism. And I think another look at Kinskis' choice in making this will give her fans a better understanding of her artistic makeup.
Another abortive, pitiful attempt from Solondz... His problem is that subjects of his films are not interesting at all. You just don't care for them. I wonder, how long will it be, before he starts to film a life of some low-life idiots in real-time and present it as "art"...
let it be does not have to be sad. there are happy moments but it just shows the internal conflict every super group to follow must go though. they were the first and couldn't get over personal differences and opinions. if they could of, well music today would be affected.
This sci-fi/horror film is very unusual.I really don't want to spoil it but it has a slow beginning and middle but the climax is a long intense ending!If you haven't seen this movie before than give it a chance,it'll be a different experience for the sci-fi and horror film fan!
if you were, as Todd Graff says,"a f***ed up 15 year old" you're going to love this movie. And truley, who wasn't? This film is not only funny and sweet, but it's so real it hurts. The kids at camp Ovation are so real you remember being them. Highly reccomended.
Damn, this was outstanding. Excellent. Clu Galager kicks ace for a while much like in Return of the Living Dead, and I think he is wearing the same jacket. It gets brutal but call it a Deliverance knock off if you want, but it was awesome! **** out of *****
Good Swedish comedy, which makes fun of American hard core action movies! Excellent filming and special effects. The actors, especially poor Benny, are doing a great job. In this film, you will find a kind of old, jolly good Monty Python humor as well. You have to see this one!
I loved this movie as there were so many moments people in their late 20 somethings and 30 somethings could relate to. There's plenty of laughs and a few moments that leave you nodding, realising the right emotion has been touched and going: "Yep, been there and felt exactly that."
There's really only one reason why you'd be watching a film like this. This film accomplishes everything one could hope for in this genre and not much else. If you don't know why you're watching it, stop, but if you do, you'll agree it's as close to perfect as possible.
Cats and Dogs will do wonders for the return of quality family films. It was funny, intriguing, and a pleasure to watch. Even pet owners without kids will laugh at the antics of these crazy animals! It does make you wonder what happens when you leave for the day, though.
I think this is the best movie ever cause when i first saw halloweentown i totally loved it and then when i saw halloweentown 2:Kalabar's Revenge i totally loved it too. and if you haven't seen the first halloweentown then you probably won't understand halloweentown 2:Kalabar's Revenge. *MARNIE CROMWELL*
I love this movie! It is funny, full of inside jokes, and Richard Moll is GREAT of course. Most people hate it, but I love it. You could say it's a guilty pleasure of mine, but I wouldn't say that because I don't feel guilty at all for loving it!
This is a total waste of money. The production is poor, the special effects are terrible. In my country they had the courage to put this film on video named as "The Mummy" because of the success of Brendan Fraser`s film. I`m sure that you can find better horror movies.
David Lynch's "The Alphabet" is a short exploration into fear and dementia. Lynch, as was his stated intention when he began making films, creates a small world of moving paintings mixed with real action. The result is as an abstract nightmare where a girl is apparently tormented by the alphabet.
This flick is the bottom of the barrel. Something about a killer stalking people at a drive in and killing them with a sword. Enough said. This flick looks terrible, sounds terrible, the acting is terrible, this flick 100% terrible. This movie may have single handedly killed the drive in.
A masterpiece from all aspects. The black and white cinematography depicting each detail (and wow what shadows), the cast of splendid actors and actress, even those playing minor roles, not sparing any facial details!! And oh what background of Zither music. They surely do not make such movies any more.
Though operating on a meager budget, this is a film that says more about the frustrations of the Vietnam war then almost any of it's extravagently budgeted brethren. It is an excellent preview of the coming involvement of American troops and the futility and waste of fighting a limited war.
His Girl Friday is my favorite comedy of all time.The dialogue is funny fast and witty. Grant and Russell are brilliant,and the movie is about something too.My favorite comedy of all and one of my favorite movies .Some of my other favorite comedies are MASH,Animal House,Being There,and Bringing Up Baby.
I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. It's a well-produced, good-looking action/thriller flick with sharp, witty dialogue and great performances from the lead actors. Russell Crowe is charismatic and very watchable. I especially liked the morally ambiguous tone - Crowe's character isn't a clean-cut good guy. Well worth a look.
With two screen giants such as George C. Scott and Marlon Brando (even in a cameo), this film is worth seeing. One line from the film that has stuck with me is from Scott to Brando, "You're not in the oil business, you're in the oil shortage business." How true.
John Waters meets mainstream and the resulta are spectacular! This was Waters' first real studio film-- 13million budget and it really took us where we wanted to go. Kathleen Turner is perfectly cast as Beverly (Serial Mom) and this is the definite must-see for all interested in superbly written comedies!
I'm quite surprised by the low ratings users have given this movie. I think of all the direct to video genre films of late The Eighteenth Angel is the pick of the crop. Great acting, an original plot, and great surprisingly good visual effects combine for a great intriguing film.
I've seen a bit of the series and when I looked it up on the web, I just had to go and buy it! The characters have so much life in them and their personality is all their own! The artistry is beautiful especially on Wing Gundam Zero. Great movie!
Oh my god ! I will never understand why Bruce Willis agreed to play in this movie; it's the worst of it's kind. Both me and my girlfriend we're watching the time during the entire movie, wondering when it would finally end. It's boring, dull and hard to sit out.
Charming is the perfect word for this movie. Dietrich is at her best as she charms her two beaus, the score is charming, and Rene Clair brings the same light touch he showed the next year in I Married a Witch. Quite funny, but more than any thing else, charming.
Wow, this is a must see for anyone. For what it was, it was a VERY good movie to see. Brings twists and turns, no way you can get lost in the plot. It really moved me personally. All of the actors did a superb job playing their parts! Bravo!
This wasn't a very good movie, to me it was a long episode of the TV series. Only kids will get a kick outta this. The one thing that made this movie bad: No Robin Williams. I give it a 3 out of 10 or ** out of 4 stars.
At the beginning of WWII Churchill said we've tools, but very brave American sailors have brought England weapons and many other War-material. She have risk and given life and all for us, European. The best 'Non Western Movie' with John Wayne. Everyone who is against The U.S. must see him.
This movie is so wonderfully bad. It never let's up -- just a continuous downward spiral of awfulness. (or is it awfulitude?) I really urge everyone to rent this movie -- especially if you are a fan of flicks like "Street Trash" or "Biggles: Adventures in Time" or "Moon Trap".
This was a great movie. Much better than the original. I would love to see it again, but to date I have never seen it on TV since it originally aired in the 60's. It would be great if it was aired again or if it was available on video
The young Chabrol introduces the viewer into the daily life of the female school teacher that becomes us : so we gently search for affection and empathy, we discover the gentleness of a mute character and beyond the horror is waiting. Or is it the gentleness that lies beyond horror?
Route 666 is the latest masterpiece by film director, William Wesley (Scarecrows, 1988). Once again he captivates his audience with a thrilling story, an incredible cast and amazing special effects. This film is definitely fun to see with some friends and some popcorn. Check it out! You won't regret it!
I started watching this film, thinking that Richard Gere wouldn't do bad ones. And I was absolutely right. The film had enough intensity that I had to see it all. The manuscript was good enough and the scenes were quite interesting. There were romantic scenes as well and they worked.
This movie is nerve wrecking... a must see for any fan of thrillers!!! Richard Gere plays a man framed for murdering a women in China, and the US government can't do anything about it!!!! Intense Action Packed Thrills packed with Mystery bring this movie into my top 10 Thriller list!!!!
This movie will have you shaking your head in bewilderment more than once, but all is explained in the end. This is a tightly plotted story that is an excellent rental! The situations are switched around so many times you won't believe it. This is a very very cool movie!
It's amazing how frightening this movie ends up being. At first it's just a typical killer creature picture, but it turns out to be a scary and fun film. Afterwards, you are a little more wary of the frogs, lizards, and everything else that causes mass destruction in this movie.
If you can't find someone to play Dungeons and Dragons with, try your computer. The game is well designed, uses good graphics, and involves a moving story. In a word, it is fun. The Non Player Characters who join your party are easy to like/dislike, they are well designed characters.
Hinterholz 8 is one of the best austrian movies I've ever seen, even better than "Indien" or "Freispiel". Roland Düringer and all other actors, mostly comedists, acted at their best. A great screenplay and some really funny scenes ("Made in Japan, destroyed in Sulz im Wienerwald") made this movie adorable.
I'll admit it, I'm a guilty fan of the TV show. Doug is a geniunely likable character, and the movie is entertaining. Its not going to win any awards, but for a good babysitting movie, or ever something to do when you're bored, you really can't mess this one up.
I have seen this movie countless times. Such a great, well-written story brilliantly executed by Anders. She has such a great artistic vision when it comes to camera angles, lighting, cinematography, and music. Great acting too all around! This is one of the few films I would give a 10/10!
This is a thought provoking movie shot in a very interesting manner. The content is a bit eery, but the quality is superior for a "B" action flick. Jeff Wincott is great in his performance. The storyline is very good but with a dark ending... but it keeps your attention.
The multiple skits which make up this film vary in their level of humor and cleverness; however, almost all of them are at least very funny, and some are downright hilarious. While this may not be Allen's most philosophical or deep comedy, it certainly qualifies as, at least, a near-classic.
I thought that there was absolutely no redeeming value to this movie. There was no point! Everyone dies... I thought it was a waste of time to watch. I guess it was my fault for thinking that what this movie lacked in horror could be made up by its cheeziness.
If you are a big fan of Rutger Hauer you might even *enjoy* this movie, otherwise, don't spend your time on this one. The music is awful and so are the action scenes, if you want to see Rutger's action film i recommend seeing rather split second or arctic blue.
Who thought this up? It must have looked brilliant when they got Sean and Madonna in the same movie. Unfortunately Sean goes through the whole movie looking like a kid pretending he's in a movie and Madonna as usual just plays herself, badly. Nothing to see here, move along folks...
This movie is so crap, there is no suspense whatsoever, actors seem to perform a repetition, and even the spiders are insipid. The idea was not so bad one could have made a good movie, even a TV movie, unfortunately it is far from being the case. Bad Bad Movie.
Hugo Pool is a great movie if you are having trouble sleeping. I saw the credits and expected a very interesting movie. Instead I saw a silly, slow, and boring flick. Obviously, some people enjoyed this movie based on the score it received, but I found this movie very disappointing.
Chuck Norris, stiff-as-usual, in yet another mind-numbingly predictable action thriller which actually has just as much talk as action, maybe even more. Professor Toru Tanaka is a promising-looking villain, but even he doesn't prove to be a worthy opponent for good ol' Chuck. And Christopher Lee is wasted, again. (*1/2)
The story line might be interesting. But the acting is pretty awful. Not worth the renting money. It's surprising to see Roy Sheider in such an average movie. He's probably the only reason people would rent this movie. This movie is below average, I rated it 4 out of 10.
A tired formula film involving a psychotic, sadistic federal prisoner who seizes control of an airliner and the agent who must try and stop him. Weak acting and gaping plot holes destroy whatever tension the director must have been trying for. A real groaner. Give this one a wide berth.
This movie has a bunch of bad actors and the plot have a bunch of holes. The end is pathetic and people where laughing in their seats during the movie. It has some scary moments but in the end it doesn´t mesure up to a total for a good "scary-movie".
What a waste of film stock. Overly atmospheric. Dafoe and Walken mailed their performances in. Argento couldn't find a stamp. The dialogue seemed like improvisation, which I hope it was, because nobody should have been paid for it. Even the possible saving grace of sex and nude scenes were uninspired.
John's role in this movie was the worst I've ever seen. He's usually the man, like if you've seen The General's Daughter. But this time, my girlfriend and I both agreed (which rarely happens) that this movie was horrible. I gave it a 2 because the story itself was ok.
I liked the others but this is truly unfunny.the only scene worth watching is two old guys talking a good fight while keeping away from each other.This is more soft porn than comedy.it lacks big names in the cast this time round.The jokes are just not funny.1 out of 10
A bored woman decides to become a whore to break the monotony. One of her clients falls in love with her and draws her into a web of inner-city political intrigue. This 'story' meandered about like the Colorado River. Boring dialogue, confusing story, no entertainment value. I'd rather watch golf.
To see a film with such a good ensemble of actors is wonderful... except in the case of FAST SOFA where the film is choppy and has a raw look along the style of a student film. Maybe that's what they were going for, but it was a bit distracting.
"Fast Sofa" manages to take a bunch of B-movie actors and drag them down with this sub-C project which probably never saw the light of a projector. There's nothing in this piece of garbage floating like flotsam now on cable worth mentioning. Watching paint dry would be more entertaining. (F+)
This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. A story would have been helpful and if the director knew what direction he wanted the movie to go that would also be a good thing. The acting was also poor at best. My advice is: Don't bother. PT
I too was in this movie as an extra. What a was of air time to show this mess. It was poorly written, directed, and edited. It was fun to work on the movie, made a lot of friends. I was embarrassed to have my other friends watch this show
The movie starts on good basis, but when it reaches the last third, it seems that Luc Besson had no inspiration for the end. It's falling from the sky and don't expect much from it. Except this poor ending, direction is quite good, with good lighting and good camera movement.
This movie was messed up. A sequel to "John Carpenter's Vampires", this didn't add up right. I'm not sure that I enjoyed this much. It was a little strange. Stick to the first "Vampires", it's a good movie. "Vampires: Los Muetos" wasn't a good attempt of a sequel. 4/10
What's the only reason to watch this besides George Zucco's scenery chewing? Why it's watching a pathetic feathery prop on a string cause fear and death in its search all of its feathers. Basically this is a loose remake of DEVIL BAT with Zucco replacing Bela Lugosi as the madman.
Nothing new, nothing great, but kinda funny in spots. There was no one in it I ever heard of, but I don't watch that many newer pictures these days. No big belly laughs, but a few good chuckles. I don't think I could sit through it a second time though.
I tried to be patient and open-minded but found myself in a coma-like state. I wish I would have brought my duck and goose feather pillow...I apologize to all of the great actors in this movie. Maybe it takes a degree from MIT to understand the importance of this movie.
Apart from the wooden acting, the heavy-handed direction, the vapid dialogue, farcical 'action' scenes and the incredulous plot, this movie was the worst film I've seen in a long, long time. Given a choice between stabbing myself repeatedly with a pen and watching this movie again, I'll take the pen.
This is the worst parody i've ever seen in my life and probably one of the worst movies i've ever seen in general. I really can't express how bad this is in the 1,000 word limit. Its so unfunny its just ridiculous. Avoid this compilation of idiotcy and bad jokes.
What Can I say about this movie that hasn't been said other then it's one of the best movies ever. Then I would be lying to you all. The Camera angles and the lighting were well.....you already know. The acting was down right humor. Who thought of this idea anyway?
With the exception of Sam Bottoms and Essence Atkins the acting was horrible (who is the Jade Person and this Robert Glen Keith? Were they simply reading off of cards?) and the writing was sophomoric, the photography was actually good in places, but not good enough to save this flop.
why does everyone in the film have super powers? even the normal people could jump 5 story buildings, and had super human strength. the best part of the movie is knowing that they had to cast the part of affleck's father and flashback younger self with actors with butt chins.
Even if it weren't based on a book, this movie would have been horrible, and its worse because it is nothing like the classic book it was based on. I would recommend you read the book, but if all possible, pass by this sad excuse for a movie. 1/10
This was like watching a 1950s horror/sci-fi film. Not that I'm dogging the 1950s sci-fi classics, but this came out in 1993. So, it should have been a much better acted film (or should have been released by Troma). Don't watch unless you've seen every other horror/sci-fi film in existence!
I saw this stinker on CBS the other night. Boring, terrible acting, bad writing. Silly effects. Morgan Freeman and Robert Duvall are the only bright spots. I don't care about the other people. Stop making these kinds of movies. It just appeals to some sort of silly emotionalism. A waste.
I am still amused and confused why this stinker ever made it to the theater. The poor plot and nonexistent story made this one of the worst movie going experiences that you could waste money seeing. It has all the look and acting of a really poor direct to video feature.
This movie was great. I admit that the plot leaves a little to be desired, but the music more than makes up for that. Evan Bonifant makes an excellent addition, better than John Goodman who did good. It combines humor, good music, and a family message. Definitely worth seeing several times.
I love this show. You feel a bit sorry for Monk's obsessive compulsiveness and yet have to laugh at his good fortune because of it. I love his ability to see clues that nobody else can. The writing is fabulous. I am definitely putting this show on my must see list.
This Benicio Del Toro's Funniest role next to "The Usual Suspects". The scenes with Benicio and Christopher Walken are priceless. If you like Ironic Humor, you'll love this film. It's boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl, girl Ruins boys life and they ride off into the sunset together.
This Movie Beverly Hills Cop 2 is a very funny and action packed movie. Not as good as the origanal though but very entertaining. This was a big hit at the box office. But then all of a sudden they made NO3 which is the worst one out of the series.
A great romantic thriller with wonderful characters. Mark Harmon shines as a private detective more at ease in a library than carrying a gun. Mimi Rogers is brilliant as the mysterious grieving widow and the film is extremely well made with a catchy Jazz music score and beautiful photography. A must-see.
This movie was warm, funny, sexy, and smart. Mr. Lee's directorial debut was a success! The dialog was delivered perfectly and the actors were made for the roles. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to sit back, relax and have a good time with the one they love.
Stylish tale of thug's love/hate relationship with famous gangster benefits from a terrific performance by Paul Bettany as a really scary guy. The ending feels rather weak, as we don't see the transition from Paul to Malcolm McDowell and thus the final scenes haven't been properly set up. Still fascinating though.
Til Schweiger in one of his best roles. Nearly forgotten german music gives the proper sound providing the amusing plot of the film directed by Til himself. All in all it is worth seeing it more than just one time so enjoy the atmosphere which will catch you in any case.
This movie is fantastic. From the opening, where four intrepid chimps wearing straw Mexican hats and serapes fly to Colorado on a commercial airliner to the breathtaking nordic stunts, this movie is a winner all the way! This series of movies rules! Highly recommended. I can't wait for the next installment.
A very good film worth watching and recommending. Although it's low on suspense, the acting by Laura Leighton makes up for it. Her role as Newsreporter Gerry Millar is one that makes the movie. She steals the scene everytime she appears. Who knew that she was also pretty as a blonde!
Its a must own!! When you own it, it adds four minutes of footage that did not air when it aired back in 2002. It's one of my favorites from the Peanuts gang! It's right up there with, a CB christmas, first kiss, short summer and Why CB why? Great special!!!
One of my favourite movies - and many people will probably fall asleep or think: "What's the point?". I can't really tell - except that I like that movie. Wonderful scenes, at times very funny (but mostly smiling-funny, no slapping-laughing-out-loud-funny). Give it a chance to find out for yourself.
I think this movie is nothing but for me is every thing. Because this is the Undertaker first and last movie, and i am the big fan of "dead man". This movie is a peace of trash, story is worth, nothing is right all thing wrong But the Undertaker for me.
This is not Jeanette Mcdonald's best work even if the film is in color. Even though Mcdonald's husband starred in the movie, I felt that he just didn't fit the character. I like the Norma Shearer 1932 version much better. Norma Shearer and Fredric March make a much better onscreen couple.
This movie is touching, the plot is built nicely... The way we go back to see what happened with each of the charachter... Soundtrack has some nice songs in it too... A movie to watch with your girlfriend. 8 of 10. For the nice time watching this film.
The photography is so good. It's too bad they didn't hire a historian to put the development of the progress of Islam in a more understanding theme. It jumps around so much that it distracts from the presentation. Nonetheless, it is a documentary one would want to see more than once.
I loved this movie. Jessica Lange is very convincing as the controlling , vindictive mother-in law to Gwenyth Paltrow's seemingly unsuspecting Helen. Jonathon Scheatch (what a hunk) is the believable, niave son, does a fantastic job as well. Nina Foch is awesome, where did they get her? Overall, a great suspense-thriller
Another example of Kim Delaney making a poor script believable. More Catholic bashing and supernatural happenings. Unfortunately, the producers decided to kill off Larry Holden early...an interesting character actor who could have added life to this otherwise dull film. At least Kim has a recurring television role to sustain her. Sigh.
i saw this movie just last night and thoroughly liked it. i thought since the movie was made 15 years ago it might not be that good but dont let time distract u for seeing it. its one of the best arnie movies of all time!!!!!!!! my rating 8.5 - 10
This is the story of the relationship between a father (A movie director) and his son ( a young music ). The actors are excellent, specially Federico Luppi. The performances of the supporting characters are really good too. This movie is one of the best I have ever seen.
This is one of the best romantic comedies in years. "Sidewalks" is wry, smart, and doesn't wrap everything up in ribbons, as do so many films in its genre. Also, it's one of the few films ever to capture New York's throbbing energy. If you're both intelligent and romantic, see this.
I mean, really. The lights and stuff, they were fantastic. Not a single extension cord in ANY shot. Take that you auteur gaffers and best boys! Luciano Galli my butt! Tom Kiefer ROCKS! This is not mockery. This is straight up truth. If you can't handle the truth, don't rent METALBEAST.
In an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the original movie an excellent cast that should have made this inherently funny, classic Neil Simon material better than the original failed on every level. The chemistry between Goldie Hawn and Steve Martin that was magic in `Housesitter' was nonexistent in this effort.
The Oscar-winning Danish short-film of Kim Magnusson and Anders Thomas Jensen is their third short-film to be nominated to an Oscar. It is, as always, an ironic film about a very heavy subject. The Danish mentality is the keyword in this fantastic short-film. Don´t miss it for anything in the world.
To get it right, that is. The best film in the Matt Helm series: best soundtrack, best villain, best female sidekick, best (by far) choreographed action and fight (thanks to Bruce Lee) sequences and best climax. Were these the same people who made Murders' Row and the Ambushers? Hardly seems likely.
This movie is imaginative, but the implication that all cats are evil while all dogs are good does a disservice to cats. I guess the presa canario that tore out that poor woman's throat in San Francisco must have been a good dog, huh? This movie is strictly for children.
This is one of the most pleasant, enchanting movies I've ever seen. It is part fairly tale, part folk tale, part fantasy. A wonderful film to watch with a friend or a loved one. I give it my highest recommendation. If you haven't seen it, take a chance on this one.
This is the best gangster movie I saw since Scarface. It tells the story of two teenagers growing up in the anarchy of the post Berlin wall Eastern Europe. The movie's narration is so slick that it only proves that Dragojevic(Preety Villages, Preety Flames) is one of the best European directors.
The acting was great, one of the best films I've seen, and a true emotional roller coaster of a ride...a neat little twist at the end. The film can be very shocking in places, but what's so good is that it contains no special effects, just purely great acting and direction.
A few months ago, I saw "Strange Fruit" for the first time. It was so haunting, both the song and the film, that I couldn't get it out of my mind! I've recorded the documentary and am looking for a CD that contains the song. I definitely recommend seeing this film.
I loved this movie when I first saw it on TV in 1979 (at age 11) and it remains a favorite. Before the days of VCRs, I stayed up late to watch. I taped it the first time I could. A great coming-of-age film. Rex Smith is not bad either! :-)
Thank God Hitchcock made this movie with Tallulah Bankhead, who never was successful in movies but had a great stage career. She is great in "Lifeboat" but everyone else is, too. The level of suspense and drama is high, and there is one very "Hitckcock" scene that is frightening and scary.
Alfonso is as gifted an actor as his dad. It's a work of genius to capture the essence of "Shawshank", turn it into a comedy, and then squeeze it all into a 21 minute film...It would be great to see Morgan and Alfonso in a movie together portraying father and son...
This is the worst movie I have ever seen...I didn't know at the end if I had to be angry or to cry for my time spent watching it.The scenary is bad,the actors sucks and the special effects are pathetic.If you really want to watch it you need a brain control.
This is an early Cage and Penn movie- they both do remarkably well portraying boys of the 1940's- and the subplot- mixing up a girl who works for the rich people- thinking she is rich- adds to the story. There are also some cameos by Carvey and Glover A light film.
It took me awhile to get the hang of whose bad and good. As with all war movies with me. But, it left me feeling totally sad and depressed, yet I loved it and I'll recommened it to people. Funny how it works like that. Awesome//sad// movies are the best. :D
This is one of the best movies abut Viet Nam ever and the best about the early (fist five years) part of the war. If you thing Rambo and Delta force are what Viet Nam was about, don't watch. If you want a feel for what was going on then, watch.
It's an excelllent comedy! Benoit Poelvoorde is totally amazing, the script is intelligent, smart and funny. Julie Depardieu is beautiful and a good actress and Jean-Paul Rouve from the Robin des Bois is excellent as Michel Polnareff! If you like Claude Francois this film is made for you! Well done.
Sea of Love is a decent film. Pacino is in good form after a long break in the 1980's. Hes a lonely alcoholic cop in search of a killer. Not a top flight thriller but delivers with nice plot twists. Also has good performances by John Goodman and Ellen Barkin too.
This movie has a great plot. It's fast paced and fun. And it's full of surprises. There's lots of southern flavor here, even a funeral with a jazz band playing and lots of people actually dancing at it. This movie is a classic. It's best to see only the uncut version.
For all of you that say this movie is not funny, you must be crazy, this is the best comedy ever, with the best performances in the careers for daniels and jim carrey if you haven't seen this movie yet go out right now and movie i promise it wont dissapoint
I think Dirty Harry is a super cool character, but this third installment is just the pits. The film has a "been-there-done-that" feel to it. Nothing adds to the film by giving Harry a female partner -- and what a poor excuse for a villain. Just a dull, shabby, action picture.
Serial Mom is an absolute gem of a movie. Turner's acting is truly excellant, as is the whole casts. Although a little ridiculous at first, any flaws it has are made up for in the way Beverley carries out her murders, my favourite being the guy in the toilets gruesome demise.
This little movie may not be any Maltese Falcon, but it's a more than decent post-Casablanca Bogie flick. Quite well done and worth your time. Supposedly Raoul Walsh directed much of it, uncredited. While I don't know if this is true, it would certainly explain why the film is so entertaining.
This movie is a laugh riot. Very funny. Jim Carrey is just hilarious. His zany antics made me laugh so much. This is one of the funniest movies ever made and Jim Carrey's funniest although Dumb and Dumber and Liar, Liar are close. I recommend this movie to everyone. GRADE: A
A special movie. During the whole movie you will feel that either you are crazy or it is the rest of the world. Jack Nicholson must be the leader of some kind of bad sect and the hole world is playing with him. but it is still worth watching the movie.
The movie was wholesome and had a great story line. Blondell was great in it. =) There was some great scenery. The acting was very good. The direction of the movie was excellent. I think if this movie had gotten more press it would have done well in the box office.
This production is outstanding. The cgi is feature-film quality and totally imaginative. The off-hand humor mixed with profound myth and storytelling is an astounding narrative device -- totally compelling! Excellent acting by the cast to boot. An overall Emmy-deserving piece of art. Must see -- WOW !!!
Clearly the best of all the movies about sharks which came after Jaws. This is a decent and exciting movie with OK actors and realistic gore-effects. It's a bit strange that this one is so unknown, because I think it would have been popular at the cinema. (7 out of 10)
Moviegoers who love cult films should take notice! The Smokers is a real contender. It's not fair to compare The Smokers with Heathers because Heathers characters were never this *@#%" Up! The Costumes and makeup were great and Christina Peters made an excellent contribution to the ever-growing coming of age category.
Girls coming of age in a confusing time where morals and beliefs are lost in the new world kind of film. This is an interesting look at the lives of the three young women trying to figure out their world as they are throw into it without knowing where they belong.
Richard Pryor is without a doubt the most spellbinding and hilarious stand up comic ever. A master showcased at his best in this awesome stage show. Every single element of the show is funny, every segway is smooth and funny not a single payoff fails to payoff. Watch and be impressed.
Inane "plot" involving the inept duo as mousetrap salesmen in Switzerland; the studio apparently decided the film needed some romantic interest, but if you ignore that (as you should) there is some classic gags. The one with the gorilla and the piano, and Stan and the St Bernard are personal favourites!
Not worth seeing. The acting couldn't have been any worse. While the plot wasn't too bad the screenplay and direction were horrible. The background music did not help the cause either. To top it all the film was too dragging. This is one film you would not miss anything not watching.
This movie was so dark and creepy. It was perfect and the director was a genius. The scenes in it were so well-thought-out, and the costumes were fantastic. This all including the trueness of the plot. It said everything about what happened in Dracula's life. The Dark Prince is a must-see!
Fun to watch an early "talking" but the acting is marginal and the fight scene laughable. Fun seeing Montgomery and Crawford in the earliest part of their careers. But you can tell western electric was still playing around with sound trying to get the levels right. Sometimes background music overpowered dialogue.
J - 28 years old artist, Y - high-school girl, who want make a first sexual experience for her own choice. But there are no love without a pain... Flagellation is rule, and Lolita must die... Porno? Art-house? Avanguarde? Nor, but all together... And - best picture about love and sensuality...
This is very well-conceived and well-acted. But, just when you think you are watching an unsung classic, just when you are scratching your head to come up with a resolution, you realize that the film makers do not have one and instead leave us with the ultimate cop-out ending. Too bad.
This is one of the funniest films I have ever seen--lots of cameos, and virtually every SNL person from the beginning in it. A film that got bad word of mouth for some reason, I have never met anyone who has SEEN it that didn't think it was funny. SEE IT!!!
Even though I am a werewolf horror genre fan, I thought this was terrible. This has got to be the worst in the Howling series. It's not interesting, and the acting is poor. It starts out as a mystery, but it doesn't bring up very many interesting ideas. My score: 2/10
I've seen this movie countless times because it is well balanced start to finish. It is filled with 'favorite' scenes that a viewer can look forward to every time it is watched. Most of all I found that ,being based on a true story, it isn't noticably exagerated or even oversimplified.
This is a fine film about disability and how people around the disabled person readily accept him into their group. Casting is excellent and Cher is superb. A very thoughtful film. The film portrays a motorcycle gang and it shows that tough people can be very considerate and kind too.
I wasn't expecting much when i watched this, maybe something like the dawn patrol. Fredric March is excellent in this movie and cary grant is ok. Carole Lombard is only in one scene, and i had never heard of the director before. Watch it if you like these kind of movies.
Bette Midler was awesome. A sad but compelling story with great rock music and Bette is awesome in the concert scenes. She is a woman that can sing any kind of music beautifully. Her portrayal as a high energy rock singer was perfect with her stage presence and personality. Superb movie.
One of the funniest movies I ever seen. Sometimes it's good to see a movie that's just make you laugh. Unfortunately doesn't the movies with Adam Sandler that follows have the same "we have a lot of fun filming this movie"-feeling. However, Happy Gilmore is a great comedy that I recommend.
A cute show. Nothing made me roll on the floor, but still cute. Carole Lombard was soooo beautiful. And she was secure enough in it to take a comedic role where she would make faces, and have her hair wet, and other things that many beautiful actresses would not. I recommend.
This short from The Hire-series looks totally different than the other ones. It is more real, like news footage. The Driver, of course again played by Clive Owen, has to save a war photographer (Stellan Skarsgard) who is shot. No funny moments this time, but action and suspense. Very well done.
Awesome film. Haim kicks ass and takes names once again. It is considered a classic i the genre of ski and snowboarding movies. If you liked the movie "Out Cold" or "Ski School" you will love this movie as well. It is your basic "Animal House" meets the mountain of snow.
There are few things worse than "art" that wants to appear so hip that it's above it all. THE DOOM GENERATION is an empty piece of bloodied fluff, meandering its way from one "shocking" scene to another. It's boring and pretentious. Do not waste your money or time on this one.
John Travolta is so hot in this movie. So was that guy who played Kinickie. I loved this movie, it was really good and seemed to take me back in time to that time when guys wore leather jackets and greased back their hair. I really love that era in time!
This movie will really give you better understanding of such terms as "purposeless" and "pointless". It's simply a series of episodes, which never add up to anything. The only thing one can recommend about this familiar drama (which still doesn't make it worthwhile) is the solid acting: Barkin's performance stands out.
Happy, crappy "feel good" (it made me feel bad) so-called comedy(I thought comedies were supposed to make you laugh?) I come from Northern Ireland and I found this leap upon the peace process band-wangon condesending and feeble. Even the great Billy Connolly and the gorgeous Anna Friel can't save this turkey.....avoid.
Michael Keaton's performance in Pacific Heights is interesting, but the film practically makes no sense. I didn't care about the characters that Matthew Modine and Melanie Griffith portrayed, and I think the direction was pretty lame. Only worth watching if you would like to see Michael Keaton in a strange role.
A lost and forgotten Santa Claus slasher film which predates SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT. The victims are your typical college dummies who have sex, take showers at the wrong times, and don't believe anything strange is going on. Some good nude and gore scenes. The ending is simultaneously familiar and surprising.
This is the movie that made the Starz Networks what they are: the place where bad movies come home to roost. I can't believe I wasted an hour of my life watching this film, rather than learning how dairy products are made and marketed. Avoid at all costs and rent "Caddyshack".
Widow's Peak is a sugar coated predictable girls' movie that did not motivate or excite me in the least. I just sat and kind of stared at the screen until it was done. I guess it did have its moments in humor, but I'm a guy and I need more action.
I've seen hundreds of films at the theater and this was one of only two during which I actually fell asleep. Steve Martin and Bill Murray, along with the Dentist song, try to salvage an otherwise slow uninteresting film. In my book, this is one where the original was more enjoyable.
This had to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Although the plot was somewhat unique, the acting was certainly predictable in every sense of the word. If you ever get the chance to see this movie, take your family for a drive instead... but don't cut anyone off.
This is a strange detour in the otherwise interesting career of Wes Craven. It's mostly just a rehash of the first film. I couldn't stand it...at one point we are treated to a flashback from the first movie...as remembered by the FAMILY DOG! Skip it, you'll be doing yourself a favor.
This movie is not worth watching as even a curiosity. Seriously, it's not humorous, it's not shocking, it's not guilty pleasure, it's boring! If you're really curious, are bored on a stormy Saturday afternoon, go ahead, but only if it's free. If you want bad but fun, stick with Ed Wood.
What a shocking piece of money-grabbing trash this film is. There is no plot, no humour and plenty of people dipping their hands into the pool of money to be made by Mr.Sellers's death. If there was a score of zero available to me, I would have given that to this.
This film one would think was a woman's film but the rating say otherwise. The chemistry between the female and male lead was the only interesting part of this film. If it was acting then that is impressive! Watch it if your not really wanting to get engaged because you won't.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know why such a movies must be made. May be studios don't know how to spend their money. Sharon Stone's character as a mother is very, very ridiculous. It doesn't worth watching even for one time. Don't waste your time.
Once again Jerry stinks up the big screen with his hyperactive sthick. Here he offers the ultimate in corny jokes along with a 'hoods become angels with the right kindly influence' story. If you really like Jerry then you'll most likely go for this one, otherwise it will bore you senseless.
This film is rubbish don't get it confused with Hard Boiled it's a light comedy with light gun play and the cover does not reflect the contents of the film. Only watch this film if you are a die hard Chow Yun Fat fan and even then you will be disappointed.
Pick a bad script, pick a famous person to play in a film, and sit back and watch the money roll in. Yes, Hollywood is that cynical. Ice-T stars [if you can call it that] in a predictable and typical action film. Don't see it -- it's rubbish.
The plot was muddled and unlogical, the acting was terrible, and the editing was poor. I won't even insult low budget movies by calling Legion of the Dead one (it's more like a NO budget movie). This movie was a waste of time. Thank goodness I didn't pay to see it.
A few weeks ago I commented to a friend that Willard & Ben were fondly remembered movies from the 70s - he lent me a VHS copy of Willard which I foolishly watched. If you want to keep your fond memories it's best not to look to closely with older eyes.
Just to correct some earlier posts. 1- Eric Roberts is NOT an Oscar winner. That was his sister that won. 2- Jennifer Tilly uses a body double in this movie. It's Asia Carrera, the porn star. The movie? A waste of time and $3.99. Two out of ten.
This movie was very very mediocre and very very gory. everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act I mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot. not at all scary!
This movie should be treated as a pariah for anyone in search of entertainment. It looks as though the whole thing has been thrown together in the space of a couple of days by a bunch of film students to cash in on the success of American History X.
The summary says it all. The script is dull, it is totally predictable. The acting is beginner level. The music isn't. Even the marching bands are sloppy. I got to see this film while flying to San Francisco, so in some small way I paid for it. I got ripped off.
Jerry Warren strikes again, here is a plot so stupid (an island 30 miles from the mainland that everybody has forgotten!) acting is non existent, not as if the actors(?) are requested to act anyway. But stick it through just to see the climatic fist fight in the mad scientist's lab.
An unfortunate movie for all concerned. Only the eye candy is good. The plot, ambience, etc. seem to be an 'hommage' to _Heathers_ in what must be the worst possible way. One must give kudos to Vickie Brinkford (Costume Designer) in this movie, as indeed, the wardrobe was the true star.
I originaly hired this film in the belief that it would be funny.It turned out to be like a poor take off of Scary Movie , only much worse.It was unbelievabaly terrible!!The only good thing about it was that the bloke who played Jonathan in Buffy (Danny Strong) was in it!
Terrible! - if one word could describe this movie, this is it. The acting is atrocious and the storyline is non-existent. The supposed 'funny bits' will only make you cringe and you are forever waiting for the end to come. If you haven't watched it yet - save yourself the time.
I don't usually get too upset when I see a bad film but this film had its characters going down this unrealistic road I had to turn off before the accident. This filmmaker is out to lunch ... therapy and then a good dose of reality. Get with it you hack!!!
Beach Balls concerns a young man who wants to become a rock star and his adventures in this poor comedy. typical late 80s fare with some poor rock video/band performances, bad acting, production values, script,..you get the idea..even the cute girls can't save this dog..on a scale of one to ten..1
Banal story, absurd jokes and lame dialogues. The actors seem occupied avoiding the joke in this poor film but do not succeed in masking the large hole which animates it. Orange County did not even succeed to fill its role of simple entertainment. Frankly, it is to be avoided...
I saw this film at the Telluride Film Festival. People were walking out, but I stuck it out. Wish I hadn't. Shlocky story, contrived and boring characters. The only thing mildly interesting was to see the revenge plot play out and that was a disapointment as well. Pass on this one.
If anyone has seen Days of Heaven, there's no need to suffer through Under Heaven. The tension and credibility have been drained out of this Wings of the Dove remake. An interesting cast has had all their life and spontaneity removed. Heavy-handed movie-making at its worst because there's talent wasted here.
I saw this movie at a free screening and was so disgusted I wanted my money back! It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen--boring, poorly written and acted, and woodenly directed--and that is saying something. Please do yourself the favor and never pay money to see this, ok?
Although this movie had GREAT music; it lacked a certain plot. This movie in my opinion was trying to go for the music, not he plot, while in the first one, it had a plot but the music wasn't as good as the second one. Overall I did indeed like this movie!
This is about the funniest movie I've ever seen. Billy Crystal is perfect as the psychiatrist and DeNiro does wonderful comedy. I don't often laugh out loud in movies--I laughed heartily all through this one. DeNiro's parodies of his own previous movies is wonderful. It's wonderful fluff and I highly recommend it.
Average love comedy with good performances from the participating actors.The film could have been better with more quality directing,screenplay and cinematography.The simple manner this fairy tale was told gave the movie credibility and worth watching to the end as long as a love comedy is expected.Fenn fans will like this for sure.....
ignore all other commentaries!! junior is your messiah and this flick is unbeatable.......consistantly hilarious and unpredictable, with music from King Sunny Ade + the Sunshine band.....stop staring at this screen, exit the building and find/borrow/beg/steal/pillage/conjure a copy of this movie for your personal viewage or die in the attempt.... do it now........
Okay so maybe I am just biased by my unending adoration for David Bowie but I am also a big fan of great games and this is one. Interesting plot to this RPG that is not overdone. The music and scenarios are unique from every other game I have played. Lovely :)
Mark Harmon plays a detective who doesn't carry a gun, more at ease sifting through the newspaper collection of the library than in a gun battle. The story and direction are equally compelling and a masterful cast and great music score make this movie an undiscovered gem of a detective story.
Bitter biting fun, this is the anti-muppet movie, and it's a joy from start to finish. Featuring performances from puppets and actors both that delight in each sublimely ridiculous situation, this one is fun for the whole family. It holds up very well after all these years, and you won't be disappointed.
This is one of the best films ever made, in my option. A must see film. Some of my favorite scenes: The movie theater, the toy shop,and the kid in the tree suit. This is OK for the kiddies, though it is rather violent. Funny, check out the reference to Forbidden Planet!
This has to be the worse C movie I've ever seen. It looks and sounds like someone filmed it with their home camcorder. A couple of the death scenes are tolerable but the acting ruins it. Lots of continuity problems. I paid $1.50 to rent, got ripped off. Avoid at all costs.
Not the best actors, not the best plot, not the best anything really... still it's quite O.K. Nice scenery and costumes, the flying arrow effect is really neat. Gwyn (Keira Knightley) looks like a dream. :) Princess of Thieves is a fairly good movie, totally watchable on a rainy day :)
This movie is very well written and acted out. Taye Diggs does a wonderful job as does Nia Long and the other supporting characters in this cast. Malcolm Lee's directory debut is a good one. I was surprised at how good this movie was. Definitely worth the money to see this one.
As a teacher of English, I regularly use the "Phantasm" movie series as a teaching tool in my classroom. The life lessons that can be learned from the adventures of Jody, Reg, and the Tall Man apply to almost every aspect of the language arts. Don't trip, go rent this movie today.
This is definitely one of those movies I call "entertaining"; nothing heavy or prophetic, just NICE actors with a NICE story to share with the viewer. Sit back and relax with this one. Don't make a big sacrifice to see it, and don't expect a strong comedy out of it either-just fun.
This film is a true Bollywood classic. The story is wonderful and quick moving. The acting, brilliant. It is a must see for anyone interested in Bollywood. The film follows a standard Bollywood format,i.e. family tragedy and the ability to overcome. Add that splash of romance and this movie has it all.
The young Victor is irresistible to Clara and Helena, and you can see why. This man is the sexiest thing I've seen on the screen in a long time. Great story, Almodovar style, a different perspective of Madrid, great acting, but Liberto Rabal stands out amongst all of it. Very tasty indeed.
This movie shows that Hispanics can make movies that have hart and class. Diego Castro's performance was excellent, he is a cute boy. I also liked how the Angel character was not afraid to cross the line and go back to his roots. Any serious movie watcher should enjoy in this film.
I saw this film in the 70's (on PBS i believe) and remember laughing out loud at the unlikely inventions offered up with earnestness and enthusiasm by their slightly delusional inventors(before watching them go wrong, horribly wrong). Great b/w vintage footage. Its like America's Funniest Home Video's for The New Yorker readers.
Oh my god. I have never seen any movie this good. I think it is one of the best movies out there. I don't care what the religious people say about the rape and violence, this movie was just great. The acting superb. Rent or buy this movie You will love it.
... it's charming, screwy, futuristic, retro and entertaining all at once. I think it represents the Brazil factor -- if you liked that, you'll like this. Really a lot of fun, and proof that the French CAN make good movies, with actual plots, interesting cinematography and a real sense of irreverence.
Nick follows in the footsteps of his old man, John Cassavetes, who supplied the screenplay and you can tell because the down and out characters walk about with cigarette in one hand and a glass of booze in the other. This is a very simple tale of manic love told with care.
I had not heard of this film and had no idea what to expect from it but when I saw it I was overwhelmed. It is a very sweet and very moving film which speaks to you on so many levels. The kid who plays the lead role is a real natural.
This is worth sitting down to watch. Not your typical Miss Marple, as it takes place in Barbados. However, all the usual ingredients are there to make this a worthwhile diversion. I agree that there are some changes from the book, but on the whole these are positive. Give it a go.
This film has it all: bad acting, virtually no plot, and terrible editing. The only possible reason to see it other than boredom from having nothing else to do is to watch Bobbie Phillips, a truly beautiful woman. I sense she has more talent than could be utilized in this sub-par film.
What else could you ask for in a early eighties low budget masterpiece? You've got overacting that would make William Shatner jealous, and some amazing shots that most ode to classic sci/fi film makers seem to be lacking.10 tentacles up for this wonderfully atmospheric trip back to the films of the fifties!
Mallrats is by far the best of the whole series of Kevin Smith movies. Jason Lee is EXCELLENT as Brodie Bruce. The performances by everyone are excellent! It's also so very hilarious. Jay and Silent Bob only make it better. Buy it, buy it, buy it, buy it, buy it, buy it.
This is a great light hearted comedy done by one of the greatest comedy teams in America, although this film was shot in England. This is a great family or saturday morning film, and an even better DVD with a full length commentary done by Tim Conway himself. Truly a comedy classic.
I really thought this was a great comedy. It gave a great slap in the face to rich white kids who want to be thugs. It had a great cast,and a lot of funny cameo's. I think the writing was brilliant and Taye Digs and Anthony Anderson stole the movie. Too funny!
This Movie was to funny , The trailers don't do enough justice for this movie , I didn't want to see this film but my niece dragged me and I'm glad that I went I laughed the whole time. So if you haven't seen it go see it you might be surprised!
A bleak, atmospheric movie, filmed entirely on location at New York's Bellevue Hospital. Fine performances by Conte, Gray, Alexander and a slew of New York stage actors. Note the brief but significant appearance, at the beginning of the movie, by Hugh Reilly, who went on to star in the Lassie TV series.
I paid to see this film and I stayed until the end...in retrospect the two largest mistakes of the day. A roller coaster ride between wishing it would end and wishing I had something better to do at two-thirty in the morning. An absolutely terrible British film...nearly as bad as Rancid Aluminium.
this movie was fantastic and hysterical! everyone in the theatre was crying of laughter by the end. It was a movie that everyone loved. this was so great! I felt like i new half those kids, these characters are so real, so obsessive musical theater. i think anyone would love this movie,
I saw this first at Sundance and again last week. It's great. Fantastic music and you know that some of these guys and girls are going to be big stars. Probably the best thing is that it's a completely fresh film; no hollow, over budgeted, OTT, trillion dollar musical. CAMP's got soul.
Three episodes in, and this show is so far hilarious... the interview segments are sweepingly satirical, whilst the actual "show" itself, Darkplace, is VERY funny. Bad acting, hilarious dialogue, great cuts, great dodgy special effects, it runs the full gamut of fun-poking. I can't wait for it to be released on DVD!
The acting performances were all-around excellent! Brody & Tierney's relationship is sexy, suspenseful, and compelling. These two actors communicated with their raw instinct, making this film interesting and worth watching. The plot does have its typical Hollywood predictability at times but that is easily forgiven in light of the great performances.
This film has a lot of heart in it, with excellent performances. It's clear these lead actors will be huge stars one day, especially the female lead Corinna Jones. The cinematography is simple and beautiful like the film. Why aren't there more films like this? I can't wait to see it again.
This film didn't make much sense to me. The story is told fairly straight, but its twists and turns are contrived and I couldn't discern any unifying dramatic structure. The climax is so overblown it's amusingly bad. The acting was excellent, but that is not enough to make the film worth watching.
Phil Harris's contribution to this low-key gem should be acknowledged. Harris does not strike a single false note in his role as the local merchant and bird hunter. Sydney Poitier is a little less believable. By the way, the characters are properly described as swamp folk, or swamp rats, not hill billies.
This film was Victor Sjöströms international break-through and it's not hard to understand why. It wasn't the first time Sjöström had used the wild and unpredictable nature as an illustrator or commentator, but this time the scenery and the acting was in the same level of quality. A wonderful piece of art.
I purchased this film, and it did not seem like the typical Elmstreet flick, with freddy humor. This was an all out horror film, with good special effects, realistic gore and it was delightful. The only thing wrong with it is that parts of it can seem a little lame at times.
This is another example of great filmmaking from John Cassavettes. Using his signature directing style (fluid camera movement, rack focusing, uncomfortably close two-shots), he creates a sprawling visual masterpiece loaded with social commentary as he explores the story of a man caught in a downward spiral in the underworld. Very, very good.
When I was 7, I thought this movie was the greatest of all-time. Now I'm 34 and still think it's really, really cool. Who could resist the adventures of Snoopy? "Peanuts" managed to speak to me when I was a child and it continues to do so now that I'm an adult.
This has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen, an hour and a half of my life that I will never get back. There were many scenes where Blackenstein's shadow walks around for no reason, and to cap it off a bottle only marked "DNA" turned him into Blackenstein.
My kids watch Bingo, wall to wall, So I've it seen a few times, it's really quite witty. Everyone plays very well. Even though its from Disney there's no Syrup. I don't know why so many people gave this low votes, perhaps they never realised it was being played for laughs!
It's hard to describe just how bad this movie is! Let's put it this way, my girlfriend and now wife both love dogs. We both love movies. We both hated Bingo! It is easily the worst movie I have ever seen. We walked out after 30 minutes and got our money back.
I saw this movie many times in the early 1950's on TV in Los Angeles. I think it is one of the best war movies I have ever seen. I have been looking for it on video for several years. I hope that Turner or someone else will put it on video.
This movie was the most unexpectedly wonderful movie I have seen since Forrest Gump. Young Joshua goes searching for God and end up finding his whole world. His speech at the end of the movie is a powerful summation and a fantastic way to think about how we go about out lives.
What a genius! Fellini went and broke the cardinal rule of screenwriting. In the end, the character woke from a dream. The whole stinking movie was a dream. The first time around, it's one of the most confusing, annoying things ever, but it makes perfect sense the second time around. Beautiful.
an absolute piece of "drivel"...and BORRRINGGG!...yikes! No wonder this film went straight to video. Somebody must of suspected something. Total waste of time and money (even with video's being cheaper) A "1" vote is being generous here. Believe me...take a chance on something else and leave this mess at the video store,
W.C. Fields in top form, but Edgar Bergen and Charlie MacArthy are just as prominent (and as funny). The best scene involves Fields playing ping pong - it's easily one of the funniest sequences in film history. Another great scene involves Fields BSing about his exploits as a big game hunter. 8/10
Believe me, I have seen some crap in my years as an avid horror fan. Bad doesn't even begin to describe this movie. Like watching paint dry. The characters are offensive stereo-types, namely the drag-queens. A total waste of an hour and a half, not to mention the 3 bucks renting it.
I absolutely loved this film! At first I was a bit skeptic, but man....what great acting!! It seemed so real...not far from reality. Claudine did a great job as the snot nose brat of a daughter and Vilma was awesome as the loving, but misunderstood mother. It's a great movie...go rent it!!
At times this documentary was disturbing, talking about pogroms and mass slaughter; then, in the next scene, the topic will switch to Monty Python. And Terry Jones (a former Python) actually makes it work! Watch it (provided you have 4 hours on your hands). You'll learn lots and won't get bored--I promise.
Why would so many talented people get involved in this piece of garbage? One of the worst movies of the year, with absolutely no respect to any audience intelligence. I left the theatre angry, unable to manage the feeling that I've been had by a bunch of artists that should know better.
I remember this as being one of my all time favorite movies as a child. Haven't seen it since the late 40's. I would really like to find a source to purchase this wonderful musical, but haven't been successful. The music, dancing, romance, it was from a great time in our country.
Nothing. This movie is an action masterpiece. Watch this movie, The Killer, and Bullet in the Head, and then cry when all the mediocre action movies and pale imitations you've been subjected to throughout the years get ruthlessly bitch-slapped across the room and forced to beg for forgiveness.
Outstanding music and cinematography create a mood of brooding suspense which slowly builds throughout the movie. Dean Jagger is great as the sinister presence haunting Robert Mitchum. You don't have to be a western fan to enjoy this film - it is more of a suspense film than a western. Highly recommended.
The first time i saw this in the early 90's I loved it and I recently re-watched it (2002) and still loved it, it lost a bit of it's surprise though. The characters start get knocked off pretty quick, but the animation is good for it's time. Like Aliens series...then watch this!
A film both truly innovative and highly engaging....Its one of the greatest films of the era and earned its ranking in the annals of film history. Amazingly good acting by Bassie Love and Hughes....A great example of cinematography from the "Roaring Twenties." The most dramatic and artistic and best era of Hollywood.
A 'Korda Collection' classic film and I shan't part with my videocassette - 'Tiger' comic script and stilted dialogue notwithstanding. Doesn't even matter that McVane appears to take off in a different airplane to that which is captured and seen in flight. Only trouble with Valerie Hobson is she retired too early.
A distanced, uninvolving movie, apparently regarded by many people as a masterpiece. Well, I have to disagree strongly; as a drama, it never really pulls the viewer into the story (which progresses very ploddingly), and as a thriller it almost never generates any tension. A tedious movie, only for patient people. (*1/2)
I've seen this movie again recently and it is very dated. But I can remember loving it when I saw it some 25 years ago. It is low budget and simplistic, but it had kid appeal when we didn't have 200 tv stations to choose from and video stores at every corners.
The writing wasn't bad. The direction and editing were. Camera tricks to simulate the surreality of the events was gratuitous, gimmicky, and simply didn't work. It just came across as cute. It interfered in the flow of the movie by interjecting technique over substance. Too bad, it could have been much better.
Very well acted war drama. Excellent cast, with Paulette Goddard particularly effective. Viewing the film gives one an insight into the mood of the country at the time. While revisionists have tried to make atrocities forgotten in their quest for political correctness, this film doesn't soften the ruthlessness of the Japanese forces.
I liked the comic book of 'X-Men'. So, when I heard that this movie was playing I immediately wanted to go. My favorite character is Wolverine. The Visual Effects in this are the one of the best (others include 'The Perfect Storm'). If you don't have anything else plan go see 'X-Men'.
I saw this film when I was in Brasil a couple of weeks ago (April 2003). It's so powerful. I imagine that characters and incidents were invented for dramatic purposes, but I don't doubt that the horror was any less than the film portrays. The acting was fabulous: it was invisible.
Tom Beringer was excellent as Lewis Gates. The whole idea of Native Americans of a century ago, residing in the wilderness mountains of Montana is so mesmerizing. I loved it!!! I would love to be able to go back in time and make the same discoveries on the back of a horse.
Satire that is funny without being vicious, "Coneheads" has a smart observation about everything American from golf to immigration policy. But it's probably unsatisfying for the typical audience of the typical alien-invasion movie, and better suited to the home video than the big screen. A disappointing conclusion, but still all-round good entertainment
I thought I'd seen just about everything there was to Bruce Lee, but boy, was I wrong. In addition to the missing Game of Death scenes, the documentary analyzes more to Lee's character and mindset. Any fan of Bruce Lee will enjoy this very interesting DVD. Go buy it!
If you see this movie coming on TV, don't panic. Take the controller and gently apply pressure to the power button. Slowly get up and walk away without turning your back to the TV, it can be crafty. When you are 10 feet or so away, run like there is no tomorrow!!!!!!!
This is a then-topical lightweight comedy about the perils of inflation. Not terrible but nothing special, either. It reminds me of other comedies from that era like Harper valley, PTA, which must've looked good on paper. The cast is game and an opportunity to see Jessica Lange's incredible beauty is always welcome.
I first viewed this movie in 1924 at age 6 yrs--probably the first movie I ever saw. I thought it was terrific then, and after viewing it again now(2003) I still think it is an exceptionally fine movie. Many special effects without benefit of computers. A very ambitious movie for that time.
One of the few movies that I've seen in recent years that actually made me laugh out loud. The best segments of the movie were those not obviously played for laughs - Paris (hilarious) and Helsinki (touching). Recommended to anyone that wants to see a quirky film that is also very funny.
It's been a few years since I saw this, but as I recall it was an enjoyable variation on the venerable(even by 1954) femme fatale theme, the sort of thing EC was doing month after month in Crime SuspenStories at about this same time. What hath Cain (James M., that is) wrought?
This is definetly one of my favorites ever! How anyone could say the characters were poorly developed is beyond me! The entire base of this movie was developing its characters! Without that there would have been nothing to watch at all. It was well written and funny too. I loved it, personally.
This film must be the most boring film I've ever seen in my entire life. I'm actually embarrassed to say that I've seen it. It could be used as a substitute for the electrical chair for death sentences. Personally I would feed Liv Ullmann the mastertape together with ketchup and roasted tomatoes.
It's a pity that this extraordinary piece of ensemble acting is currently unvavailable. It's a bittersweet piece, akin to Peter's Friends or The Big Chill, but more realistic (it's a set of scenes from lives, not a single short-term reunion). The acting is superb. Whoever has the rights: make this series available!
The movie that made Sylvia Kristel famous. Although the movie is steeped in sex, director Just Jaekin develops and portrays the love for another woman by Emmanuelle very tenderly and sensitively depicts their eventual breakup. Movie is notable for all the sequels that followed it and all the Emmanuelle series it spawned.
This is a great adaptation. It is well cast and all the performances are excellent. I particularly liked the performances of David Morrissey as Bradley Hellstone and Stephen Mackintosh as John Rokesmith. The script remains fairly faithful to the book, and the costumes and scenery give a very convincing Victorian look.
This is a great adaptation. It is well cast and all the performances are excellent. I particularly liked the performances of David Morrissey as Bradley Hellstone and Stephen Mackintosh as John Rokesmith. The script remains fairly faithful to the book, and the costumes and scenery give a very convincing Victorian look.
I discovered this movie via my affexion for Jerry Goldsmith's innovative (for the period) score... highly recommended for its quintessential marriage of images and sounds... The talent on view here, and the obvious affexion its cast and crew have for this film (evident in every frame) make this a must see.
I first saw this movie back in the '60's on TBS. I found it to be a thoroughly delightful film. I have been looking to find a copy of it to add to my VHS/DVD collection. It appears to be out of print at this time. I hope they re-issue it soon.
I had the good fortune of catching Subway Stories, by accident, trying to get away from the Astronauts Wife. What a wonderful grouping of shorts. I have to say, I couldn't leave the room. Some were better than others, but they all kept my interest. Don't let this Subway pass you by.
Just like Crocodile Dundee this is a humor-packed film from beginning to end. Paul Hogan is as charming and charismatic as ever and the jokes are at five minute-intervals, enough to make it a somewhat serious (and sad) film.I am glad I stumbled across this film, as I think you will be.
Very good film about Northern Ireland and the early troubles. Excellent acting by Nuala O'Neill and especially Julie Walter who not only carried the accent well but acted superbly also. Thankfully unlike so many other films based on the troubles in NI this one shows a realistic view of events. Highly recommended.
Guys, this is a pretty good movie. This is a really black (dark) comedy. This means nothing about the Russia, but it's cool. BTW,the translate from Russian to English is completely sucks. It seem the guy who made the translation know almost nothing about Russian language and about English as well.
i saw this film for the first time 1946, and was completely spellbound. last time i saw this film beginning of March 2003. the magic was still there. i understood the film much better,enjoed it more. Who can ever forget the haunting melody of the walz or the final episode with Fernandel.
This film is the worst rip-off I've seen. The poor acting and poor special effects stand to mark the lack of money for this film! It was torture to watch, my eyes started to bleed and my my head started to hurt! DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM!
Basket case 3, I'm sorry if you found the title rude or anything it was not funny at all. The characters portrayed in the movie made me feel very less intelligent indeed. I don't know about you, but try seeing this film over and over again and you'll see what I mean
Beyond atrocious horror film was apparently made in the director's sleep, and edited with a buzz saw. Cheap and awful in every way possible. The plot synopsis on the back of the video box made sense; the film didn't. Don't watch it if you value your sanity. 0 out of 4 stars.
"Crack in the World" meets "Back to the Future". An appallingly bad movie, I dare anyone else to see it to the end. I did, but I can't remember what happens. There is one interesting scene where a scientist sees himself commit suicide in the future. Don't think I've seen that before!
"Highball" is a funny spoofy/campy/droll comedy about a bunch of friends at parties. This dinky little flick sports a good cast and some funny writing. Everything else is pretty much crap. If nothing else, this movie will make you wonder why so many good actors climbed on board this low budget dog.
,,if the movie is placed in 1977, what the hell make a lot of 2000 cars and bikes? There is an Espace, a Smart.......Zeffirelli should be less self confident and don't think he is the best ever movie director. All the movie looks very "cheap", only Fanny ardant is very good IMHO
They should have spent as much time on the characters as they did on the visuals. I had high hopes for this movie and then spent the entire time just sort of getting through it. Some of it was poorly acted and other parts were just outright cliched and facile. A disappointment.
Geez, Adam Sandler can be really funny, but when he bombs, he really bombs. Waterboy wasn't funny at all, whereas Happy Gilmore was hilarious. Too bad. Adam better get his act in gear, because after The Wedding Singer (ugh) I had hoped to see him return to good form. Maybe next time...
So bad it frankly defies description. Nothing seems to ignite in this hacker flick which is not quite trashy enough to be good old-fashioned vulgar fun. The plot is unsexy, to say the least, direction seems lacking in all crucial places and performances are woody and devoid of chemistry. A true disaster.
I've seen some bad movies in my time and this one has to top the list. Val Kilmer and William McNamara are two of my favorite actors. They should be ashamed of themselves to have their quality acting names associated with this awful thing called a movie. Its and Ed Wood reject.
This weary piece of crap was obviously sold on the Matt LeBlanc(of "Friends" fame) bandwagon and having gotten this jewel in their crown, the makers gave no thought whatsoever to their limp script. The script is mindless and silly and could well have been penned by the monkey of the title, Ed!
The most I can say about this movie -- without risking a spoiler -- is that I feel it is centered around an unlikable character who treats pretty much everyone like doo-doo. She is selfish, deceptive, and evasive -- for no real reason. Not a great chick flick, in my opinion.
This is one of the most predictable movies I have ever seen. And this supposed to be funny..... Boring, boring, boring. Find the fast forward button at your remote and use it... I can`t say I laughed once, and the only good feeling this movie gave me was relief when it ended.
This movie has no business connecting itself with the great movie made in 1980 called "Gloria" and starring Gena Rowlands and directed by her husband John Cassevettes. That movie's opening credits sequence is better than the entire thing here - the paintings and the beautiful music set the mood for the movie.
Dale "Apollo" Cook stars as Mike a renegade cop who joins forces with a Karate instructor (Evan Lurie) to save the daughter that could be either one of them could be the father. Awful cinematography and poor acting make this one unwatchable. Besides who asked for a sequel to American Kickboxer 1?
The movie never picked up momentum. Bad performance from most of the actors. Looked more like amateur theatre. And the music score in dramatic scenes for eg. while rescuing the girl from the woods was mundane. The film just lacks focus. Don't waste your time. I can't believe Paramount bought this movie.
First of all, I would like to say that I have no problems with slow shows. And this movie does not fail because of that. It fails because of its predictability and absence of plot. Nothing is interesting and nothing could stop me from walking out after an hour and a half.
This is a pathetic attempt to remake Robin Hood. The acting is feeble and totally unconvincing. This is a low budget movie with little conviction from the characters and little or no plot. It is hardly a swash-buckling tale, it almost put me to sleep and I was overjoyed when it ended.
I honestly went into this movie with an open. I am admittedly not a big fan of Murphy, but even I was surprised by the lame storyline and awful plot . I saw Evolution this weekend too and all I can say is that this film made it look like Citizen Kane.
Even though there is blood and guts aplenty, Leather Jackets is a decidedly unvisceral thriller. Perhaps its the fault of the bizarre screenplay, which provides the unlikeable characters with little if any motivation for their ridiculous actions. Cary Elwes provides the acting highlights: he's a long way from Princess Bride territory here.
There's nothing subtle about the humor in this movie. A more accurate word to describe the humor would be "absent." I didn't laugh. My sister didn't laugh. My dog choked a little, but it might have been a coincidence. You wanna laugh at a John Candy movie? See PLANES TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILES.
Terrible. It makes me wonder how John Carpenter ever made a good movie. How could you look at this and say, "Hey, thats good work." Stupid look and stupid looking characters and stupid plot and stupid ending. The leading actress is pretty.......Ok thats the one good thing A weak 4
I've seen some made for TV movies and this is one of the worst ever, don't take the time too see it. The acting is one of the worst I've seen in a long time. The special effects where poorly made. Everything is just bad. I gave it a 1 of 10.
Made me embarrassed to be Filipino. Oversentimental, disconnected, melodramatic drivel that plays on what some people think of as Filipino stereotypes, perpetuates them, and then attempts to put them together in one group setting. The acting is bad, the writing is bad -so do yourself a favor and save your rental fees.
What a stupid waste of money! 30,000 square feet of rebuilt ancient Rome, 2 millions cubic meters of 50 feet tall buildings, 10,000 costumes, 2 years of works, an International Ancient History Committee (sic!), some first class actors and actresses . The final result? An empty TV-movie for a single-digit IQ attendance.
Sylvester Stallone stars as Ray Quick, a professional hitman hired by May Munro (Sharon Stone) who wants revenge for her parent's murder, in this overblown and sub-par actioner which stands out only for James Woods' performance as a crooked FBI agent. Other then that though, the movie is hideous and hideously dull.
The only appeal of this film is to see the Stooges in their earliest film appearance--and to get a glimpse of the now-reviled Ted Healey. I can see why the Boys parted ways with Healey. His treatment of them comes off as brutal and mean-spirited (even by Stooge standards!) A curiosity piece.
Totally pretentious bunch of crap. Do yourself a favor and avoid it at all cost. Save the money for something more productive (and there are so many things more productive than going to this movie) Also... never believe a word of the stuff they write in film festival catalogues... trust your instincts.
I thought it would at least have a good beat, but it didn't even have that. And the overly slick camera tricks were not enough to save this director who was clearly trying to overcompensate for a lack of ability to JUST TELL THE STORY. Bad movie, bad directing, abysmal dialogue.
2 hours of my life that I will never get back. All I have to ask is why? Why would anyone ever direct such a bad, bad movie. I think I would rather watch Orca for 72 hours then watch this again. I will steal the souls of whoever made this movie.
I caught this one on cable on a slow night. Sure, it was cheesy and moronic, but you knew that. The flick never took itself seriously and that's what made it OK with me. There are far worse movies out there that pretend to be funny while trying to pose as comedies.
As bad as this movie was, it was a LOT better than Scary Movie. It didn't have as many disgusting jokes. The beginning scene is hilarious. It basically all goes down from there. If you're going to see it, please turn it off after the first ten minutes. *1/2 out of ****
This is the most pointless, tedious, unbelievably dull and ridiculous film that I have ever seen. The most annoying thing is the fact that you can still tell Anthony Hopkins is a good actor!! It's so bad that I have ran out of things to say and must simply fill the space............
After an intriguing (if not blatantly derivative of FRIDAY THE 13TH PART 2) opening scene which sets the stage for the story, the film plunges into a pointless series of murders. Some gore, but annoyingly little nudity, so it's a mixed bag for slasher fans, and garbage for fans of good movies.
This is one of those films i wish i had never seen. I actually spent perfectly good money to see it. I must have been out of my freaking mind. This movie is a disgrace. What was the director thinking? 'Let's just forget about good taste? Screw the story?' What a ripoff.
Over the years, I've come to expect more and more of Clint Eastwood's directoral efforts, and I've never been disappointed, until now. A stellar cast is wasted in this mess of a thriller. It's been said before, but it bears repeating: If you want to send a message, call Western Union.
It has been years since my experience but it is still a vivid memory. Judging this movie solely on the film, there are excellent graphics and it tells a story that makes you belive you are actually involved in the film. The ride simply adds to this story and make it an "attraction."
This was a great movie and was a lot of fun. Ginger Rogers was fantastic as usual and Cornel Wilde was a hunk!. I would like them to make this film available on video. I want to add it to my collection. If only the movie stations would play these classics more often!
This movie was so funny and entertaining... The actors were great, especially Stuart Townsend. It was one of the best movies I've ever seen. The funeral scene was very funny. The scene where two of them were sitting on the roof was so romantic. I can watch this movie over and over again.
You can't go past english comedy. And this movie only strengthens that statement. A hilarious collage of comedy, love, and just down right silliness. If you're feeling a bit on the down side, or you're inviting a couple of friends over for a flick, this is the movie for you. Don't miss it!
This was a great flick. I love the Donald Sutherland character. Kind of reminds you of his role in Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I saw this movie when it was released and have been looking for a copy of it on DVD since then! Right now it is only available on VHS.
It's an excellent film for those that love the music. One can trace the origins of flamenco and, in particular, its links with traditional Arabic music. An authentic passionate piece of art interpreted by authentic real people. Loved every moment of it and wanted to be one of those excellent musicians or dancers.
....But what they don't tell you is that it isn't as good as the original! Now while this movie is entertaining it nowhere has the magic of the original. Regardless it's still a fun popcorn movie. Which co-starred Sly Stallone's wife at the time. Who actually was HOT!!!! 3(***)out of 4(****)stars
Saw this movie several months ago and loved it , not only for the unusual way of portraying a gay relationship but for the fine acting , direction and the great sound track. I highly recommend it . If I have to rate it I would give it five stars out of five.
A wonderfully filmed, deliciously scored and brilliantly acted contemporary thriller. Mark Harmon plays a private eye the likes of which hasn't been seen often and Mimi Rogers is perfect as the woman with the missing husband who hires him. The wonderful direction of Ivan Passer makes this a classic in its own right.
This is a must-see. Technically impressing in the 1970's, but still a charming and excellent movie now in 2002. The charachters are especially funny and charming, and gives entertainment both for the parent and the kid... Flåklypa has given me many happy hours, if you have a chance checking it out, do it!
This was a story of love, lust, imperfection and redemption. It was very funny at times, a tear-jerker at other times. Well acted. Reminded me a bit of the 1998 film "Woo" though this film was a LOT better. The story remains unpredictable throughout the movie. Definitely a fun date movie.
I love the movie. It brought me back to the best time of my life. We need that time again, now more than ever. For me it was a time of freedom, learning, and finding myself. I will always miss it. There will never be another time like the 60's, unfortunately.
This is one of Goldie's finest. She played a woman who marries a man and has a perfect marriage for many years. Then one day she discovers something unusual about him. Very tense ending, I was on the edge of my seat. Watch this one alone, in a dark room, late at night.
Hard to believe that this is from the team that brought us 'The Full Monty', it is embarrassing to think that this may be seen outside of England. Monotonously paced, it never gets out of first gear and there is scarcely a funny line during the entire film, let alone an original one.
This movie overall was not all that great, it did however have some high points. Some funny bits, and lines throughout it, moderate acting. Although in the end you felt empty and depleted, would not rent this one on my own nickle, but if someone else was paying I might watch it again.
It´s a fantastic vision of Hollywood's backstage,painful elationships,violence,and different points of view from the three main characters: Timothy Hutton, Michelle Burke and the great dark character that Joe Pantoliano develops here. A mad function that celebrates confusion of life and cinema, not even a bit of fun in the middle of the way.
Who spent the time to watch this move which is done in poor taste and insults one of the greatest American leaders. Don't waste your time. I would rather get injection into the base of my finger nails then watch one second of this "film" which is in true poor taste and form.
Who spent the time to watch this move which is done in poor taste and insults one of the greatest American leaders. Don't waste your time. I would rather get injection into the base of my finger nails then watch one second of this "film" which is in true poor taste and form.
A very good movie, that unfortunately has not been viewed by many people. The plot is complex, but the way it is pulled off; this must be one of a very few titles that was entertaining in the year of 1997. My advice is everybody should at least check it out!
Have watched this film many times and enjoy it just as much as the first time,a mark of a good film.Joe Orton certainly had a strange sense of humour very evident in this black-comedy.A must see if never seen.Perhaps immoral,so what the blazes its entertaining to say the least.Great performances from the cast.
This film is brilliant, i loved it,everyone should see it, I only bought it because vincent kartheiser was in it. Im so glad i bought it,definately one not to be missed.A brilliant performance from Vincent Kartheiser (Angel AKA connor)who plays the misguided child, Tommy.Also Andy Garcia (oceans eleven) and Linda Cardellini (scooby doo).
A work of art. Shows money is not every thing was the thing on my mind I was to say.. Ironic... a little more thinking on the subject, money became something. or is it not? no matter what.. this work is a great combination of directing and acting.. worth to think about it..
... I enjoyed "oxygen" to an extent. Alright, it's not perfect. Fine. The script is underdeveloped. Okay. But, mind you, the performances by both Maura Tierney and Adrien Brody are worthwhile. Their unusual chemistry intensifies the scenes their in together. Other than the script, the scene with the agent should have been cut.
Laughs galore and a disarming modernity punctuate this sophisticated screwball comedy. Grant is at his pinnacle. And Dunne tops him blow for blow. Surprisingly "liberated" for its day in many ways. D'Arcy, Cunningham, and Compton take turns nearly stealing the show, and Ralph Bellamy started patenting his career with this role. Marvellous fun.
I hated the stage play. So static and talky. But being an immense fan of Margulies' other work, I decided to give the movie a shot. WOW! Maybe it was the chemistry, direction and the ability to have multiple locations, but for some reason, everything fell together and I truly appreciated Margulies' dialogue.
This movie is cheaply made, and is very stupied. If you take it seriously then you will hate this movie. A few drinks latter you will love Premen Watters(the singing cowboy). If you love cars, crashes, and cheap humor rent it. The German auto racer make this movie worth renting all by himself.
The first atrocity made by director Prince, whom should know better, was casting Elizabeth Taylor in the part originated by Glynnis Johns. E. T. is a total fish out of water in this film. Filming the stage play would have been infinitely superior to this garbage. Only Hermoine Gingold offers some bright moments.
Sadly, this is Bette Davis's last screen appearance. The script is so bad, that Davis refused to continue filming until changes were made. When the producers refused, Davis left the production in the middle of filming and her part was re-written to explain her disappearance. Her character, by magical powers, becomes a cat!
Con artist passes himself off as a rancher's long lost son. He and his partner stand to make a cool million if the plan works. Meanwhile, the real son is making his way home through harsh country with the threat of death nearby all the way. Exciting western filmed in beautiful mountain country.
The effects were great, but the story was the same old stuff that Disney hasn't done before. The opening reminded me of Tarzan and at the end I was waiting to hear Circle of Life. I think kids will like it, and in the end that is who the movie was made for.
I've seen this movie on the "fantasyfilmfest 2000" in Berlin. Although seeing a lot of thrillers, gore and other genre films, I was surprised by this very good film. It really tells you something: never trust your first impression! If you get the chance - go in this movie. Its a must.
By far, the worst hunk of junk in which Kirsten Dunst has ever starred. The true challenge was trying to figure what the hell was the point of the film. And what happened to the woman with the hoe and the husband with one of everything (one eye, one arm, one leg, etc)?
Former CIA, Ambassadors, Senators, and other Washington DC insiders sum up what they know about the "Iraq war;" Iraq's supposed ties with 9-11 and Al-Qaeda, and the lies and mis-information the Bush administration has fed the public to justify this outrage known as "Operation Enduring Freedom." This is a must-see.
The main character may be a bit boring, but there are some terrific performances by Connery, DeNiro and i even like Garcia, (normally i can't stand the guy). Also great action sequences masterfully directed by DePalma, and some great setpieces. Watch for the dinner-table sequence with DeNiro holding his baseballbat: an instant classic.
Of all the reviews i've read i thought it was going to suck. It was one of errol flynn's better films after his career had started to go down. He didn't make that many more good ones after this one. He made some bad choices with adventures of don juan and istanbul .
In 1985 I went to see this at a theater based on the impressively cool artwork used in the ad. There was nothing in the story that resembled the poster image. An absolute failure on every level, Def-Con 4 is the antithesis of entertainment. My precious _soul_ was damaged by this cinematic monstrosity.
this was a very good movie i wished i could find it in vhs to buy,i really enjoyed this movie i would definaetly recommend this movie to watch i would like to see it again but can never find it in tv, it would be well worth the time to watch it again
Wingcommander is a great game if you like Mark Hamil and other good actors but it can get boring having to sit there with out having to do something for a bit and that can be bad. so it is good but when you get into the movie part it can get bad.
The fighting scene is very cool! What's more, wife(or, fiancee) and kid are always best choices of adding humanity to the story. Yes, I always like this part. Though made before the WTC crashed, this is still a good reflection on highjacking and "sub-jacking". I wonder if these movies provided guides for terrorists.
Lessons of darkness is one of the most captivating, hypnotic experiences I have ever witnessed. I felt like I was in a strange nightmare and in an alien world. The film is almost purely visual; it is breathtakingly shot. It feels more like science fiction than most sci-fi films ever made. Absolutely haunting.
It has been years since I have seen this on TV. Being Jewish and understanding the holocaust, I love this movie with Vanessa Redgrave. I just wish it came on TV more. The visuals were excellent, the plot very real, and it was an absolute delight to see how well it was portrayed.
If you enjoy Bette Midler movies, this one is a must. Her singing is great as well as her acting. The makeup crew could have done a better job on the aging process (no way will these people look this way at that assumed age!), but that aside, you'll love this movie.
This is one of the rare kungfu movies ever made in Hong Kong. Nothing is boring here : interesting script, direct and efficient scenery, good acting. But what makes this movie so good is the fightscenes that are inventively and beautifully choreographed. Not only it's very good but it's also very hard-to-find. Dammage.
This movie is a s***, because it is just for americans! It isn't a good film for brazilians or italians. The story is so stupid, look: a man and a woman part and they hide it from the sons, that start thinking that there's something strange, and there's a love end, how cute!
I think this is a very good film with a lot of values. It's another gangster movie, but one with a story I've never seen before and really enjoyed. Walken and Penn are terrific, and Del Toro shows his screen potential. See it, but not with your mother. You will definitely stay awake.
Amazingly weird (or weirdly amazing?) movie of an odyssey of Spanish conquistadores through Central America 1582. Beautiful images, unseen collection of freaks and outcasts, strong and sometimes disturbing episodes. The plot has a few flaws, but this is a visual movie: Werner Herzog meets Fellini in the Mexican jungle, definitely worth seeing.
This gets my vote as worst movie I've ever seen. I can't believe it was ever made. You know sometimes you rent B-movies so you can laugh at them? This isn't even worthy of that. If you want to see a poorly made, poorly acted, and just plain stupid movie, this is it.
because they are all dead on. This movie was absolute crap from start to finish. Sometimes when you see a movie you haven't heard of on the video store shelf you find a gem, but not this one. Do not rent this, unless you are curious to see just how bad it is.
Charlotte Sometimes was very well-done. I saw this film at a Washington, DC screening. It deals with people's need of love and companionship, but unlike many dramas, the storyline is unpredictable. The acting was superb. I definitely recommend this to those who want to see something innovative. Go out and watch this film!
In this ass kicking, mother eating high tech action film the former king of Hollywood once again gives a water proof performance in the role of Jack Carter. The film is a full blooded hit in the mix of excitement and sensibility and I wish and hope that everyone goes and sees it!
I can watch this movie over and over. The storyline is predictable but so cute. There are so many little added touches that can make you laugh time and time again (remember "you suuuuuck!!" in the opening scene?).... It's particularly a trip for those of us who are truly "children of the 80s."
Just like Beldar's homemade fireworks display this movie may not make a lasting impression immediately, but give it a chance. The movie is a really fine piece of work, it's good for a laugh again and again. On top of that most (US) comedy actors worth mentioning are in the movie!
I can tell you nothing about Miracle Mile. Except that it is a love story set against a tragic background, and that it is a beautiful piece of filmmaking showing the best work of several involved. This movie was destroyed by its own practical nature--which renders it unpromotable--but it exists somewhere. Find it.
I thought the movie had lots of very funny scenes but most of them will make sense only if you have lived in India as well as the US. There were a few standard hindi movie masala scenes which could have been deleted but on the whole it was an entertaining romantic comedy.
What a fantastic movie. Even though it was a little slow, Stanley Tucci and Tony Shaloub are phenomenal (why there was no Oscar nominations I'll never know). It's too bad that everyone ignored this movie. Please see it. If nothing else see it for the final scene, simple yet touching, and masterfully directed.
I found the movie quite interesting. It is done as a "live" tv news broadcast as they are about to be landed on Mars. Of course things go wrong and the story is about them solving the problems and landing on Mars. I quite liked the ending, but won't explain what it is.
There´s no words. This film makes TROMA films looks like Citizen Kane. ¿Where is Toxie when we need it? Take care of your hands, avoid the women with too much muscles and protect your eyes from the cheapest Bruce Lee impersonator. I swear that I saw it on TV while I was working
You don't leave the theater untouched by this movie. It reached me and didn't let go. I saw this movie five times and for those among you who missed it, be sure you can get your hands on a video or dvd. It will stimulate al least three of your five senses...
all of of the tortures in the world could not compare to sitting down and watching this filth.Surely even when this film was first released it would have been considered tacky back then.i'm ashamed to even live in the same country as this film was made in.what a waste of plastic and film.
It's a fun movie that works for all age groups. The plot line is thin, but this is a comedy movie and it does deliver on that line. The jokes are good and the movie is fairly clean. Don't expect any big theological issues to be discussed, but do be prepared to laugh.
I tried so hard to watch this movie all the way through, but I just couldn't I was just so bored by this stupid movie. The actors were all so drab and painfully awful it made this movie a tragedy. Probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. No stars.
A goofy, giddy adult satire that plays like a kiddie comedy (replete with broad jokes, slapstick, and a lovable oaf played by Broderick Crawford). Three crooks (including Edward G. Robinson, with mind-racing gusto) give up plans to rob a bank when they realize the sweetest racket of all: capitalism. An entertaining little film.
James Ellroy fans will probably want to check this out. They especially are the ones who should avoid it. Ellroy writes complex, psychologically damaged characters. James W. Harris's screenplay loses all that. It's watered-down and dumbed-down, making this just another average cop thriller. Stick with L.A. CONFIDENTIAL or BROWN'S REQUIEM instead.
Every scene, every line, every shot, every frame seems as right today as when this film was released. A classic of writing, direction, acting, and effects. One of the few great movies to follow a great book -- on its own terms. Funny, stirring, exciting, poignant......whatever else anyone could want -- it's here.
I had my qualms about seeing this, but finally took it out. The acting and direction are super. The story surprised me, and I really felt for these characters. Forest Whitaker is another one of our great underrated actors. I give this a 10, and I rarely do that with films I review.
This is a poetic movie describing recollection of aging Henry Miller of his stay in Paris before the WWII. It follow the adventures decribed in the book of the same title. The movie has both good humor and great bodies. I would love to have a copy of this movie in any format.
The first credited Merrie Melody is a poor effort. The animation is repetitive, the gags poor -- one involves a character's dentures coming out on an armature and acting like a castanet -- and the songs -- "Lady, Play Your Mandolin" and "I Am A Gay Caballero" are sung in annoying cartoon voices.
This movie stunk. I mean, it's hard to imagine seeing much worse, but Santa Claus with Muscles could do it. But what a stinker. I mean, a real bomb. The story is dumb, the dialog make the story seem great. A parrot with a food obsession? That was possibly the best part! ick!
I must admit that after watching Project Greenlight every Sunday night, I was not expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised with the results. This is a very enjoyable film. Shia is great in this role. He was the perfect choice. Good job with the editing...specially the hospital scene with Kelly and his parents!!!
Yes, the movie is stylish, and the talking animals are quite a technical achievement, but the story is a spiral of depressing, cruel things that happen to innocent creatures. I found it so painful to watch that I had to turn it off after the first 45 minutes - and I enjoyed "Seven"!
i was pretty captivated by the story - i think i especially liked the end of the film. it made me want to know what happened afterwards to this poor fellow. it is a terrible story and one that has not been told enough i think. it is very nicely shot as well.
School's Out was only a good movie because it was the Degrassi people. I don't think Joey was very convincing as a superstud, and I wanted to shoot Caitlin. Her character used to be all cool and feminist, but in this movie she was a big wimp. But it is definitely worth seeing.
I'm a big fan of B movies but this is truly awful. Ms. Collins outdoes herself and it rates a 2/10 only because even I, in my eternal cynicism, can't believe that those involved in making this film intended for it to be taken seriously (as much as it seems that they do).
I can tell this tried to mimic some of those vintage B-movies of the 50s, so I realized how scary it would be if it was filmed in the dark. Sad to say, but that's really the painful downfall of this movie. It does have an interesting story, but the fun is missing!
This movie is one of the best YAAS movies I have seen recently. - Good actors, great effects, even music is great and everything is full of action. It keeps watchers focused on USA flag all the time. Sure, like as always USA saves the world from catastrophe. - God save us all.
This is set in a small railroad town, and follows the exploits of a preacher. The preacher's congregation appears to be a bunch of thoughtless, accident-prone people who seem to hate getting hurt but can't stop themselves from doing bodily harm to themselves. Pretty bad acting and boring narration shoot this one down.
"Dream Demon" features some imaginative visuals and clever camera shots, but is doomed by its terribly confusing, almost indecipherable plot. When it's all over, few answers have been given to the viewer and the rules of the dream-vs-reality game are never explained. This picture remains a blurry enigma from beginning to end. (*1/2)
I understand the CIA is going to be using this movie to interrogate suspects now. The amazing part is that everyone along the chain of command thought it was a good idea to release this movie into the general public. This movie needs warnings on the cover to stop people from renting it.
John Candy stars in a tale of a vacation gone bad as a family takes a vacation by the lake and is ruined by their uninvited troublesome relatives that cause a whole bunch of trouble..some laughs but generally not that good..nothing to write home about.. On a scale of one to ten..4
This was incredible! Incredibly stupid that is! This is not worth watching. Quicksilver highway does not do any good for the reputation of two of the most admired horror writers, namely Stephen King and Clive Barker! If IMDB had had an option of 0/10 points it would've got just that. I'm hugely disappointed.
"Bad Boys 2" takes all the personality, originality, creativity, and humor of "Bad Boys" and buries it in a disjointed mess of mindless, stupid, over wrought nonsense. This is such an awful mess I can't find the words to describe how bad it is. However, "abortion" and "clusterf**k" do come to mind. (D)
This must be one of the worst movies of all time. Just the fact that a woman is playing a horny young man proves how pathetic this movie is. There seems to be no humor in this movie. Luckily I saw this movie on TV, so I didn't waste any money on it.
This is a parody to me. Most dialogues are so bad you don't take it seriously. It's still a very interesting movie though, I'd rate it a lot higher then this if dialogues and acting was better. [* * * * - - - - - -] 4 / 10
My friend and I went to see this at the dollar theater. I thought it was SO bad that I wanted my money back. Yes it was only a dollar but I thought the whole thing stunk that horribly. In general I enjoy a good mindless Jean Claud flick but PEE-YOU! It stunk.
Without a doubt the biggest waste of two hours and admission price I have spent in the past year. I could go down to my local beach to see this sort of drivle. The story was 'flaky', the acting was pathetic and anything else to say would be a waste of my energy.
Doesn't it bother anybody that the movie's producers kill off the star of the first movie within the first 10 minutes? If his death meant something for the movie, fine. But during the rest of the movie, it really doesn't come back up! Never mind that the "Migs" were actually F-4's. Sheez.
This movie is sooooo sloooooowwww. It's got occassional good moments, as when Ichi explains how she wound up in her fight or Isaburo running towards the riflemen through the vegetation, but the pacing is glacial and the story is somewhat interesting but not nearly interesting enough to support over two hours of movie.
"Everybody's All American" tells of a college football hero's trek through life. This film is fraught with over-acting, terrible southern accents, obvious ploys to push viewer's emotional buttons, and a wandering story lacking in cohesion and integrity...to name but a few of the many flaws. A directorial disaster. Pass on this dog...or punt.
I expect more from Full Moon, one of the better direct-to-video companies. The toys LOOK like they have a hand in them controlling their movements and actions, and you can clearly see the cord attached to the delivery boy when he is "thrown" back by the goofy-looking bear-toy-monster. Not very good at all.
I hated this movie. It was reminiscent of films such as CLueless and Heathers. The cast was foolishly pointless, as was the script and the cameo by rocker Marilyn Manson. But what makes this film is Ms. McGowan as the evil diabolical protagonist. Other than that, don't waste your time on this film.
Almost all of Hitchcock's films in the 1940's were masterpieces --- except for this turgid potboiler. Peck and Jourdan are totally wrong for their roles. And Laughton and Hitch were two all-time greats who simply could not work with each other. Coburn and Barrymore are the sole reasons for watching this overwrought conundrum.
This movie is not even funny. Even if I got the strange suspicion it was supposed to be "humor". I nearly had to staple myself to the floor to watch the ending. Yes, by god I made it. Why I wanted to see the end, i guess closure is the best answer :).
Absolutely horrid. Barely any T&A and maybe a hair more Gore than T&A. It wouldn't have been so bad (or noticeable) if it wasn't for that awful Gong and Horn which made it seem like something it wasn't. Much more T&A (as well as comedy) in other flicks such as The Invisible Maniac.
Oh well... I've seen a lot worse than this. It's brainless, its only selling point are the three gorgeous women and the script is stuck halfway between nonexistence and Never-never-land. Not completely awful, but still I have a hard time finding the point. But I'm guessing it's got something to do with money.
By far, the worst hunk of junk in which Kirsten Dunst has ever starred. The true challenge was trying to figure what the hell was the point of the film. And what happened to the woman with the hoe and the husband with one of everything (one eye, one arm, one leg, etc)?
I almost turned this movie off. I kept it on though so I could get a good laugh. It was very predictable all the way through the movie. Even the end. I kept it on just to see if I could keep guessing what was going to happen next, I was usually right.
This film has one of the most odd concepts I've ever seen. At one point, Quintus,(the hero)is so distraught over the loss of Helen, (the witch) that he tries to rent his soul to Satan. This proposition was so stultifying, it left me speechless. It also seemed to stump the devil as well.
This is one of those few movies that is just so dreadful I couldn't stand to watch more than half of it. The acting by the main character and dialog is atrocious! Avoid at all cost! Save your money and stare at a blank wall for 2 hrs - it'll be more entertaining!
This bizarre, trippy experience has a few good songs and a couple of laughs. It is also incomprehensible, boring, and silly. The band proves they should stay on the infamous road, and away from the camera, and this is nothing more than a Frank Zappa ego trip. "200 Motels" gets an appropriate 2.
I saw this movie as a motel movie shortly after vcr's became affordable/popular. I thought it was very funny and would love to see it again on DVD or tape. The rather subtle, dry humor mixed with slapstick comedy was very well done. I would certainly buy it if it were available.
Beyond the tremendous and true romantic love Johnny Lingo proves for his dear Mahana, he gives a tremendous object lesson in how to properly treat others, and bring out the very best in them. If all husbands would treat their wives the way Johnny treated Mahana, there could be no evil in the world.
My wife and I watch this show religiously every week. We love the character development and the comedy is right up our alley. We can't wait for this seasons new episodes! Monk is hillarious with his obsessive/compulsive behavior. All of the other characters all fit together great. I hope this show really takes off!
Shooting Fish is hilarious with two great male leads and a charming female lead as well. The clever and witty writing is wonderful to the very last drop. The many adventures of Jez and Dylan bring many laughs especially the LofTeck experience. I recommend this to anyone in the mood for a good chuckle.
I know it's an action film but it would help if there was a vague plot, rather than just one long drawn-out joke about muddling twins. yes, the fights are good but the rest of the film is just rubbish, esp. compared to "Rush Hour". the worst Jackie Chan I've seen to date.
Let me give the pros first. Brigitte Nielsen looks really good in this film and actually acts capably. She is also killed off in about 10 minutes. There is an attractive actress at the beginning who gets naked and then killed stupidly. That's it. There's nothing else to recommend about it. Matt
if you were a reader of National Lampoon's column "O.C. & Stiggs" which ran for a while back around the late 70's/early 80's then you will probably like it a lot. It has a lot of fine talent in it, but if you're not in on the joke, then it probably isn't for you.
Pudovkin makes use of revolutionary techniques, especially montage, as he narrates the story of the storming of the Winter Palace in Skt. Petersburg, 1917. The plot centres on two families, one rural and one urban, whose paths cross as they engage passionately in the uprising. The film is a masterpiece in silent film narration.
This movie is silly as hell, but if you watch it just for laughs it's very good. There are some nice cameo appearances, especially Dana Carvey and Randy Quaid, that make this worth checking out. Don't expect any kind of blockbuster, cause it's not. But for a good laugh be sure and check it.
It was about a million zillion times better than Batman & Robin and that actually came out in theaters. Go rent this 'cause it's the second best Batman movie. The best being Batman 1 'cause it was just amazing. See Joel, it's a dark movie so there's no neon. It's a pretty basic concept.
A film about morgue workers and prostitutes? That's what someone who hasn't seen the movie may ask. Without sentimentalism or cheap jokes like Adam Sandler's, this film is funny, with Keaton outrageous as an idea-man and Winkler perfect for the rational person in all of us. Every part does the job. It's a must-see.
The show started out promising but quickly deteriorated after Shannen Doherty left the show. After she left, it became soap-operish and melodramatic. I really liked watching it in the beginning because the characters seemed real but after Doherty left, everything fell apart. The characters became rampid wild sex machines who only cared about themselves.
Sharply satirical, hilariously funny, intelligent, but also in terms terribly dated comedy about the stupidity, lack of heroism and relentless worship of the German emperor united in the title character, a lazy student. Superb cast delivers right-on-target-performances and the direction is to a point flawless. One of the most influential all-time-classics of German cinema.
This film is the best of the Doug Maclure-Burrows films. Of course its bad, but in the best way. Tons of the monsters and effects that you loved as a kid! Harrihausen stop-motion animation in all its choppy glory still has an endearing quality that the sterile CGI effects of today could never duplicate.
this is just a gorgeous film full of tone and color and an absolutely perfect soundtrack. portraying an idyllic time in anais nin's life, the film works to highlight one woman's sensual/sexual exploration which just happens to include another infamous author. worth noting is uma thurman's striking portrayal of june miller. she is unmatched.
Jamie Kennedy and the rest of the cast really hit a home run with this one. We laughed SO MUCH throughout this movie. It's so hard to find a movie that'll really keep you laughing. This one surely did. It's not high-brow comedy, but if you're looking for lots of laughs, see this movie.
Phantasm puts the live action movies to shame. It depicts Batman as what he is supposed to be, the Darknight Detective. The live action movies leave out the detection and concentrate on the action. This is also one of the best animated movies I have ever seen. The quality of the artwork is amazing.
Metro's answer to the gangster movies made by Warner's is exciting film fare.The film marks the beginning of the Powell-Loy partnership which made legend in their next pairing.Gable's portrayal of a sympathetic gangster is just as good as any of Cagney's at Warner's.Great comic turn by Nat Pendleton as Gable's not too bright henchmen.
This movie left me with many questions, and wanting to know more. I'm so glad that it was a good, clean movie. This proves that movies CAN be interesting without resorting to bad language, violence, and sex! The Burge Twins, if they are anything like portrayed in the movie, sound like true role models!
Visually it looked great, but it fell into madman hacks people to death in unimaginative ways with no suspense or caring for characters crap video territory very quickly. It's all been done before and a million times better in loads of other straight to video slasher shockers. Tony Imi was too good for them!
this movie was Excellent.. lots of excitement... and scary at the same time.. i really enjoyed it.. but the only thing i didnt like about it was Amy Irving.. shes not one of my favourite actresses.. but Andrew Stevens and Kirk Douglas were very good in this one.. I highly recommend this movie..
Although Richard Shepard's basic plot line isn't at all original, (although, what plot is?) the cinematography is extrordinary, and the acting is even better. Never before have I gotten so much into a character such as Madeline Foster, that I nearly forgot that Maura Tierney wasn't doing "bad girl" things behind Billy Morrissette's back...
All I can say is that this movie and its sequel "They still call me Bruce" are an integral part of any B grade movie night. Johnny Yune and the rest of the cast pull off classic gags at all too regular intervals. I guarantee that you will be laughing for months.
I picked this movie up in a hurry, mistaking it for an anime, and I was astounded by it. Astounded by how POOR it was! It had dreadful animation, the violence was really fake (so was the sex), and the stories weren't even that good! Just goes to show how much American cartoons suck.
Beethoven's 2nd i thought that this was another fantastic movie to watch. This movie got Beethoven in the mood when he becomes a father to 4 puppies. His Girlfriend Missy is Dognapped my 2 horrible people. Beethoven's next mission is to rescue Missy and their children. I give this movie 10 out of 10.
This is...the funniest movie...EVER!!!! I literally...LITERALLY laughed so I cried, I laughed all the way trough, my I could barely hear what the actors were saying I laughed so much. Even the plot is cosy and cute, but even if the plot stinked, this movie(with its humour) would still be the best movie ever!!!
I saw this movie several years ago, and it is one of the few that has 'stuck'. I would recommend this to anyone interested in a different type of plot to the normal 'run of the mill' stuff. The technical effects are awesome, considering that the movie was produced in the early 1980's.
Police try to solve the murder of a businessman. Unknown to them, the man's attorney is implicated and, of course, she wants to keep her involvement secret. This leads to the wrong person being charged, causing the lawyer to go looking for the real culprit. Good mystery with lots of action and tense drama.
Quintessential seventies claptrap features Sam Elliott as thirty-something LA lifeguard facing career and other life choices. Morality seems dated now, but story is still lots of fun if you're into the beach. Elliott is very good in the role, and a young and very charming Kathleen Quinlan has a substantial part as infatuated teen.
Actually, when deciding which short is the worst, you have to choose between HALF-SHOT SHOOTERS and THREE PESTS IN A MESS. It's not fair to see the stooges get killed by a cannon at the end of the film. Not one bit of this short is funny. Don't waste your time. Grade: F--
This mini movie was riveting, I have never watched a mini movie that went on longer than one day, and i have watched every episode! Kingpin has kept my interest from beginging to end. I wish you guys would make this show into a series, I would watch every second of it.
Broken Arrow is one of those stupid action movies, which do not respect the spectators' IQ.The directing was awful and the script completely unintelligent with some huge mistakes. The only thing that makes the film worthwhile to be seen is John Travolta's great acting. The music also (composed by Hans Zimmer) is very good.
This one is in a rare but important tradition of movies based on real storytelling. The characters are fleshed out and warm, and the story is satisfyingly complex. You don't have to be from Hoboken to love this flick, but if you are from Hoboken, you will. I recommend this one heartily.
... I'm a big, big fan of Kiyoshi Kurosawa, and I think this is the best film he's made to date, maybe even better than 'Cure'. Awesomely disturbing, with beautiful filmography, great acting and a nice apocalyptic feel. Possibly my joint favourite of all the Japanese modern horror films (along with 'Ringu'). Essential viewing.
This movie is one of my ten favorites. I have seen it so many times and it still touches my heart. The plot is realistic, the director is unique and the actors are really great. If you haven't seen it yet, don't wait any longer. It's a piece of art, it's a true classic.
Dominance is the one word which summarizes this thoughtful exploration of the classic technological man v. natural man. Has society progressed to the point that we are fundamentally alienated from our natural environment? Yor, The Hunter From the Future, has an answer to that question which every thinking man needs to consider. A masterpiece.
If you're thinking about renting this flick, you might as well go for the trifecta and rent Gigli & Glitter as well. The acting is beyond bad. Laughable is a better term. However, go rent it anyway because no one will ever believe how bad this movie is unless they see it for themselves.
It's not the worst movie I've ever seen but it's awfully close. Started fairly good but went downhill FAST. Scott Glenn you should be ashamed and he probably is. Did he need a paycheck as bad as this ? I'm beginning to think that video stores have all the worst movies ever made .
In one scene, the good guys all turn into "MacGyvers" when hiding in a room from the bad guys, the manage to create a smoke bomb out of a tin can as well as make a poisonous dart from a darts playing dart and blowing it through a pipe they happen to find. 2/10
This movie is superb. From the action, to the cinematography, to the technological aspects, to the superb fight scenes, it is awesome. The technology they use makes Bond look like he's using rubber bands and paper clips. This is a must see. Great plot, with action in the air, the water, and the streets.
This is a simply brilliant movie. It had me interested from beginning to end, mostly on the edge of my seat. I couldn't guess what was going to happen next, I loved the story and all its twists and turns, and the ending didn't let me down. I will be watching this one again.
So what if Chow Yun Fat fires a hundred rounds apiece from his pistols without reloading? Who cares whether shotgun rounds explode when they impact? Hard Boiled isn't about the reality, it's about the action--which is so over-the-top that reality takes a back seat. HB is like Tequila's toothpick: It's all about the Cool.
I thought this was one of the better films I saw last year, and I see a lot of films. It wasn't nominated for two Spirit Awards for nothing. If you've never seen an artistic film, I can understand why you might not like it. It's a smart film for smart people.
This is another of those wonderful "sleepers" that I always enjoy discovering. I like movies with interesting characters, that put you in another world, that present a mystery to solve and this does all three. The characters are disfunctional, interesting and ultimately lovable. It's a cute story, delivered in that understated British comedy style.
Everyone involved with this brisk comedy/thriller seems to be enjoying themselves immensely. It's a ripping yarn about spies, disappearing planes and a secret ray gun, lit up by Olivier and Richardson, with lots of cheerful gags along the way. It's dated, of course, but if you can leave that aside it's still good fun.
Experiments in sleep have unleashed a monster in an underground government laboratory. A good B-movie cast (Louise Fletcher, Shawn Weatherly, James Hong) and great special effects (for what they must have cost) allow the suspense that is built to sustain til the finish. Sci-fi & horror fans should not be disappointed. Fletcher is first-rate.
Babenco has managed to put the brilliant, powerful, tough yet tender Brazilian best-seller by Drauzio Varella into a movie that must have been very difficult to shoot but that was handled firmly, with courage, great care and talent. Excellent music and some outstanding performances, with special mention to Rodrigo Santoro and Maria Luisa Mendonca.
This creaky and absurd film starts out promisingly enough, as young Joan Crawford does a decidedly risque dance to native accompaniment. It's all downhill from there, and the film's climax is particularly absurd, as Crawford makes up with lover Robert Montgomery immediately after shooting him! Not one of the brightest stars in MGM's firmament.
this is a exellent film to watch a rainy night with your friends.. their old Stockholm ghetto talk is really something! I really recomend this film too all the swedish IMDB members out there! ghetto talk: "kom igen vi shappar" "biga pengar" "vi slaggar här ikväll" "va fan vill du??....fitta!
Simply, this is one of the best documentaries I've seen on the art and science of making movies. This one is from the cinematographer's point of view and uses many excellent interviews along with miles of illustrative movie clips. I recommend this to anyone who has an interest in the creative process of filmmaking.
Three likable and spirited actresses are stuck with weak material here. The film sags in the first hour because there is too much exposition (and some attempts at social-drama undertones), and it doesn't much improve when the actual heist begins. There is not much fun to be had here. Don't bother watching this. (**)
Oh Man i watched this yesterday on tv after seeing it 20years before in the cinema! This Movie is absolutely underrated. Snake is one of the first damn cool Actionheros in Moviehistory. Kurt Russel is perfect, carpenter did a great Score as ever. This movie will never suck, absolutely great!! -walk on- Holzi
its not scary, but a movie with no head and tail. It has weird stories in it. imagine people eating apples and becoming apples after that. how funny. i couldn't stop laughing at the whole idea. its not even a comedy. is scary at times, specially towards the end, but the end is meaningless.
The guy at the videostore did not recommend it. A friend of mine did and i am glad i rented it. Afterwards the guy in the videostore confessed that he only saw the first ten minutes. Anyways, good movie, interesting subject. The kids play really good. mysterious surroundings. good camerawork. YEP! well done guys.
So what if it's pure Soviet propaganda...Salt of Svanetia is an amazing looking piece of work that chronicles the hardness of life in the post-Revolutionary expanses of the USSR. There are images in this film you will never see anywhere else...of birth, of work, and of death...all presented bluntly, yet with exquisite artistry .
Sylvia Kristel is the wife in an 'open relationship' with her husband, this film takes us through her amorous adventures in the Orient, pretty tame by todays standards, although back in an era of censorship, in many countries in the mid-seventies, one can certainly imagine this film raising an eyebrow or two...if little else!
The more I watch this movie, the more I love it. It's a gift of a genius who proves how easily Literature and Cinema can be mixed in a powerful way. Although is short and barely commercial, is a gem, a masterpiece of colour, rythm, music and words. The lasts shots, are simply magic.
What a waste of film.... Formulaic and nothing original - quite often during the film I thought I was watching another movie - Event Horizon / 1st Contact - basically anything with evil object / Cyborgs in... Quite dreadful, thought it would be good for a late Friday night but OUCH !
i thought this movie was kind of funny because david keith had sex with pamela anderson after a high speed chase. does anyone know why this is? the movie had D- action and a plot that only John Woo could do something with. It was a stupid movie but the sex scenes were good.
The Others is way too slow and relies way to much on atmosphere to be involving. The story is thin and the ending is trite. Nicole Kidman is her usual limited self. The production design and cinematography are very nice but not good enough to save this film (or its audience) from the doldrums.
The Others is way too slow and relies way to much on atmosphere to be involving. The story is thin and the ending is trite. Nicole Kidman is her usual limited self. The production design and cinematography are very nice but not good enough to save this film (or its audience) from the doldrums.
One of the most boring movies I've seen. The 'non-stop action' is ridiculous and laughable. Plot - what plot? The acting was good - what little acting there was that is! Don't waste your money - wait for it to come out on network TV - the commercials will make it much more interesting.
Dear God!, is this for real? The first time I saw this I REALLY thought it was a spoof! The models and "special effects" [sic] will leave you helpless with laughter. One of the funniest turkeys I have ever seen. Gets close to the quality of Plan 9 from Outer Space. A MUST see
Of any film I have ever seen this has to have the most problems with appearing boom microphones - they are everywhere. Besides this, Elliot Gould perhaps should have known better, as he is wasted in a feeble, unfunny comedy with little or no plot direction. There is nothing to warrant seeing this film.
The idea of splicing the cat's genetic material with Grieco is an interesting idea (similar to Cronenberg's Fly remake), but it just isn't carried off real well here. What could've been a nice little exploration into the psyche of a human who is picking up the traits of a cat, is instead just boring.
I cannot believe somebody liked this movie. I bought it on DVD (very cheap, since it was part of a Hong Kong Legends commercial pack) and I never watched it till the end. This movie sucks. I gave it a 1 since 0 is not possible. avoid at all cost.
Stewart is a good actor, but borrows too heavily from previous Scrooge adaptations. As a result, even his performance fails to redeem this quite unnecessary and inferior version of Dickens' seasonal classic. To see a more spirited Ebenezer, check out the George C. Scott version - it puts this half-hearted attempt in the shade.
This one is a typical "doesn´t hurt" comedy, like the other movies actor J.T.Thomas has done up to 1998. ("Speedway Junkie" in 1999 was the first change of direction for JTT) This movie is a must for JTT-Maniacs (like me), but not for normal people.There are many ways of wasting your time more enjoyable!
A few funny moments stretched paper thin. Nothing original here, except maybe the level of obnoxiousness. This movie has virtually no plot, instead relying on Chris Tucker to carry the unfunny movie. If you enjoy excessive bathroom humor, and can stand Chris Tucker for more than 10 minutes, then by all means, enjoy. Ugh.
This movie is so bad that it would stand with the likes of "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and other schlock epics. If you like good movies, then stay away from this one. But if you like your movies extra cheesy with a high count of boobies, then this is the one. Highly recommended!
This movie should be viewed by all who value hilariously bad movies. If you loved Plan Nine From Outer Space you will be happy to know that the genre still lives on, albeit only on late night HBO. Get out your VCRs and record one for posterity. This film rates a solid four skunks.
I'm sorry. Maybe I just expected too much after seeing Black Belt Jones. Maybe I expected there to be less of what the filmmakers call "comedy". I could barely stand to watch it. I would have to say that I think this movie is on the top ten of my least favorite films ever.
Full of flaws, stiff acting, bad effects, bad plot and very silly stereotypes of non-american soldiers. This is a bad movie but somewhat exciting a second or two with Gary Busey, excellent as always, in one role but this does not save this silly movie. Not even watchable for a laugh. Not recommended; 3/10.
Overextended, cheaply made and poorly written, with third-rate special effects and point-of-view shots that suggest a low-rent "Predator", this looks like a straight-to-video film product that was released theatrically almost by accident. A few mildly effective scenes (like a murder that occurs in a church) can't really save it from being a bore. (*1/2)
Chuck Norris returns as Maj Scott McCoy the delta force commando who this time takes on a sadistic drug dealer named Ramon Cota(Billy Drago)who is holding a group of DEA agents hostage in this cold blooded and pointless sequel which is a total bomb until it's final 20 minutes of cool sky diving stunts.
This is a totally inept movie. I cannot believe that it was released. It is eerie in its own horrible way. The girl is who plays the lead character is very cute - but where´s the horror? Where´s the humour? This is such an insult both to the genre and to any decent viewer.
This movie has some interesting characters and started off pretty tense. But eventually, I got worn out by the endless stupid chase scenes on foot through (maybe the same) forests. I chase you; then you chase me; then we chase him; etc. The same for the "grab the gun from the other guy." Endless.
I loved this movie. It's without a doubt Will Smith's best. Martin Lawrence was very good, too. If you want to catch Lawrence at his best I suggest everyone see "Nothing Lose"(loved this film!). Anyway I think this was a brilliant film. Smith and Lawrence made a great team. This is definitely Bruckheimer's best
This parody of the Nazi occupation of Poland has a few moments >of classic Mel Brooks good humor but is by far below the level >of his other works. If you are looking for a good laugh and a >bit of Hitler bashing rent 'History of the World Part I' or >'Blazing Saddles' instead
This movie had so much potential, but never quite found its groove. Sandra Bullock character was one she plays well, but one we've seen from her often before, most recently in "Hope Floats." Nicole Kidman's portrayal of the wild child sister bears a remarkable resemblance to Meg Ryan's portrayal of Pamela in "The Doors."
The Film is a bit of a jumbled mess. The plot involving a wife seeking revenge for her murdered husband and Two cops who just seem to drive around is pretty uninvolving. The reason I would like to find it is I acted in it and would just like a copy. Vanity I guess
Lord! I can´t believe that a movie like this could be done. It´s very bad, the story is a bulls***, the actions scenes aren´t good either. In the beginning it semmed to be interesting, but lately I could see it was one of the worst movies ever made! Keep your distance from this s***.
In my opinion,this is the worst slasher movie ever made.The creators fill this trash with nothing,but long cliches.No suspense,no gore,just miserable jokes and very annoying characters.The killings are stupid,the music is garbage and the acting absolutely sucks.Even "Slaughter High" is a bit better than this piece of crap.Please,don't waste your time-you'll be sorely disappointed.
I think that this particular Wrestlemania was a waste of my time and money ordering it on PPV. The worst match was the main event. It wasn't setup well and the story line was horrible. Out of all the Wrestlemania's, I rate this as my least favorite. But of course, that's only "my" opinion.
A very predictable, sentimental movie about a pedantic cop whose strict adherence to the letter of the law results in Bogart turning to crime to support his family during the Depression. Of course, as the cop (O'Brien) gradually realises what trail of events his 'efficiency' has sparked, he begins to relax his attitude ....
The Clowns are a rock band whose on stage antics include mutilation and murder but then groupies start dying for real and the band members are the prime suspects. I correctly guessed the identity of the fiend halfway through this lame murder mystery which perks up towards the end during the final bloody rampage.
But who would have known that in 1992? There are enough comic moments to make this show worth watching but not more that twice. I would have thought that it would be a little funnier but the jokes made about Valley girls or girls in general not only ring false, but are almost trite.
This mean-spiritied telling of a Christmas classic (!) is just plain bad movie-making--poor "acting," a confused and confusing plot, florid animation art, and a pack of goblin characters (what classic is this?) that will scare many a small child. Held to the Disney standard, this is a very poor stab at making movie magic.
I could not get past the scam where they were comping rooms for points accrued through "coin purchases." No casino has ever rated players that way. Also, what was Sydney's great professional gambling technique? Every time we saw him playing he was making high-risk and not very smart bets that failed to pay off.
Ya gotta love old Reefer Madness. The outrageous claims they make in this movie about the way people are effected by Marihuana, should be reason enough to see this one. If you've never seen it, then don't consider yourself well rounded. 3 out of 10 (that's a 'must see' 3 thank you)
You would think that with all the talented people at MTV, they could make a better movie than this. Do not waste your money on it. The script and plot line are terrible. The plot is totally not believable. She did a good job dancing, that is about it. bye.
Although this western is an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours, everything in it is so predictable and the acting so mediocre that does not really worth anybody's time. True, it has some ideas, but it prefers the easy solutions right from the beginning. I have given it 4 out of 10.
Thank God that the people who produced this bomb are not working for the Taliban. This movie would be a Daisy Cluster. I feel bad that in our economy, which is always growing, I had to spend the equivalent of $5.00 US dollars. Next time I will log on and see the review first.
Watching this film had to be the worst waste of time for a Sci-Fi fan. Not even seeing Farrah in her youthful days helped. Acting, directing, and special effects fell down for all concerned with this film. Give me Attack of the Killer Tomatos any day of the week ... LOL
Ettore Scola has made at least two great films, C'eravamo tanto amati and Une giornata particolare. But this time he got carried away. It's not enough to put 20 great actors in a room to end up with a masterpiece. Call it self- indulgent, call it intellectual masturbation, I call it boring. Sorry, Ettore.
I have seen (and own) almost every version of "The Phantom of the Opera" on VHS. Let me just say, this was terrible. It's nothing like the original, I can barely see where it gets its title. As a horror film it's pretty OK, but it doesn't deserver the title "Phantom of the Opera"
Anita Ekberg's the highlight here in a comedy that needed a real villain for Hope and French clown Fernandel to play off. Instead we get a bunch of black-suited Keystone cops types who chase Hope around for the last half-hour of the picture. Lots of weak slapstick stuff in zis veddy zilly French movie.
This movie is so bad that it would stand with the likes of "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and other schlock epics. If you like good movies, then stay away from this one. But if you like your movies extra cheesy with a high count of boobies, then this is the one. Highly recommended!
This was probably the worst movie based on a book that I've ever seen. The book was excellent but the movie was crap. Parts that were integral to the understanding of story were taken out or completely changed. Unnecessary parts were added that were detrimental to the movie. Could have been made much better.
Yes, the features on the DVD are actually pretty good. But no matter what angle you look at it from; it is a lame boring B-class movie. What is all the hype about? This is like a well home-made DVD featuring my neighbors holiday videos! You may watch, but do not buy!
Wow! I didn't think they made movies this bad anymore. This movie looked like it was made for cheap network TV. Every aspect of this movie was bad. If you have time to see a movie please see something else. Time is precious, use yours to see something better - shouldn't be a challenge.
This movie really sucks, but still it´s fun to watch. For 90 minutes it´s just gunfights and explosions. No talking, just shooting. It´s amazing to see fully grown men act like this, and being serious about it! If you have nothing to do on a late Sunday night, then give this one a try!
What a pathetic embarrassment this is to Fred Ward, Andy Dick, Dean Cain, and Sean Patrick Flahery. The situations were completely improbably, and the melodrama ridiculous, and none of the characters were even remotely believable. Too grim to be a comedy, too idiotic to be black humor, this movie has nothing going for it.
Well i think that the summary pretty much summs it up. Here's why. The killer is annoying. He sings and dances and drills people with a guitar drill. And the guitar drill was the only good part. The acting was terrible. And the special effects weren't really great. I give it a big c-
The first time I saw this film it really scared Me!The alien is very realistic and the scene where the scientist is operating on the alien's mate is disturbing but yet realistic.I don't want to go any more but I'll tell you this that if you like alien,sci-fi and horror films then check it out!
This is actually a Chan film low on action! The boat chase is as good as it gets in the action zone. However, this movie is very funny!! Sometimes the funny gets dumb though and this movie should be taken about as seriously as the 3 stooges. Expect stupid and silly and you'll be pleased.
Excess Baggage was a joy. Alicia Silverstone is gorgeous, bratty, and fun. Benicio del Toro is frumpy and totally unlike any other leading man ever. Unfortunately, this film seems to have been misunderstood in a big way, by the audience, by reviewers, and by the people I saw it with. But, it's worth another look.
Try to watch it a million times. It will still be amazingly cool. This Film shows Stanley Kubrick (Rest in Peace, god be with you), James Cameron, Orson Wells, Steven Spielberg and all the other directors who is the master of details... "May all Your Good Dreams and Fine Wishes Come True!"
That wraps it up. Both films feature comparable nonstop action (in crime and in love), two young super stars (big names in their respective cultures), basically the same plot (change the location to Argentina & Uruguay in the 1910s here), and roughly similar shock values, relative to its time of release. My, how times change!
This film is nothing short of perfection: it has heart-pounding adventure, nerve-wracking suspense, gut-busting humor, exhilerating action, wonderful characters, an excellent plot, sheer unpredictability, romance that isn't nauseating or cheesy, and a brilliant script. It's great fun for the whole family, holds up well to multiple viewings, and is one of my favorite movies. 10/10
Story of four friends growing up in the ghetto, with one going "nuts" on the others. Really good performances by Epps and Shakur, and Hopkins gives great comic relief at times. Eerie seeing Bishop gradually turning more and more evil and bloodthirsty. A lot of action and violence here, but hey, it's only entertainment, right?
If you liked the show, you will love this. In fact, the only thing that p***ed me off about this is that it ended. I hope to see the show on DVD soon. Until then, I'll watch this live show. Buy it, rent it, watch it. I'm telling you for the last time.
Not truly bad enough to be "so bad its good". Its just a tacky 70s Indonesian "King Kong" rip off. I know that actually sounds like a must see for all bad film buffs, but take it from me its just a tedious silly bore. I can't believe Tarantino took the trouble to restore it.
After hearing what a great movie this was I was looking forward to watching it. Not only did the movie fall far short of what the critics promised I found most of it to be unwatchable. We ended up fast forwarding through the movie to find out what happened. Definitely a movie to be skipped.
I like the Phantasm movies and wish 2 & 3 were available on dvd as well! I am also ready for the next movie if there will ever be one! I hope the next one will be good as the rest! The Phantasms have been closer to the plot than most films even years afterwards!
I didn't expect much from this film. Romantic comedies, if you see 1, you've seen them all, but with this one it's a little different. Ok, you know how the film will end, from the beginning, but somehow, on the way, the film surprised me. For me it's one of the best in this genre!
Almodovar is the best women director of the actual movie scene. Why? Look at the characters: Helena, Carmen...they are really women in a screen. And the movie talks about society. How things can be misunderstood, how love modifies people. How insane the mankind is sometimes. It is a great movie to see with your mate.
This is an interesting thriller that I thought would be terrible. Goldie Hawn is very good in this film and the direction is solid. The biggest weakness this movie has is that it's too long. Should have trimmed this one down about 20 minutes to make it a little more intense. Not too bad though.
Let me say bravo to the cast,crew and director you all should be proud a film I was lucky enough to see at the HMC film fest with a packed theater. Not only did it win awards,it won over the Audience so props to all involved I can't wait till the next one comes out.
Let me say bravo to the cast,crew and director you all should be proud a film I was lucky enough to see at the HMC film fest with a packed theater. Not only did it win awards,it won over the Audience so props to all involved I can't wait till the next one comes out.
This animation is great. About everything is right. But be aware not to watch this movie with children! Despite that it is an animation, it is a sad movie and will be too much for most children. Despite this, I recommend this movie to everyone who is able to get their hands on this!
I thought this film did an admirable job portraying most of spideys origins, although a lot of key events were left out entirely. This movie is a quick fix for all spideys fans out there until someone gets a clue and makes a guaranteed blockbuster of a movie, lets hope this time it gets done.
This is a great movie to escape into. Filming it in black and white was a great choice and the cast is so perfect. It is also the perfect role for Madeline Kahn, who the world lost too soon shortly before the film's release. She is just great and I recommend this movie to everyone.
I got this movie, primarily to see how it's soundtrack (which is great) related to the storyline. I was shocked to see how good the movie was! The movie is whitty, and kept my interest for the entire duration of the movie. Even my wife, who frequently dislikes indie films, enjoyed the movie. Rent it!
wow what a comedy. this movie is pretty compelling and it gets pretty dark, my god the only grudge i hold against it is that it's too short, there should have been 3 segments but then again what the hell am i talking about this movie is so pure evil, but in a good way.
Except for one part I thought the movie was very well cast and so clarified and enhanced the story. The movie looks and sounds like it was done with a more substantial budget. Very creative use of video, 16 and 35mm. The story has heart and the ideas around it are clear and quite entertaining.
no I really don't like this movie, it could have been better, I guess. it's a cool story, and yes, the acting rules, but there's almost no music, and I've seen all of it before. put this film in the trash. do not rent this movie, it's not worth to waste your well earned money!!!
This movie is DA MAD ONE!!!!!!!! The best russian crime-ralate flick since Banditskij Piter! of course, Lis is not as stylish as Celishev, and Otec ist as good as villain as Antibiotik was, but movie has a piece of our mysterious soul:) And the "power-to-the-beats" or "valhalla" scene? No comments, folks, just watch it yourself!
this is the most pathetic movie i've ever seen. it don't come close to being funny. i can't understand y this movie was even made in the first place. it wasn't romantic or even slightly sexy, as i expected it to be. and there no story. really a waste of time. avoid at all cost.
At first, this movie seemed like your typical Playboy film. Two sex scenes within the first 20 minutes, woo! But then things actually develop into this weird Hitchcock-esque story with multiple twists. All in all, however, the pure brilliance of the writing is ultimately ruined by the poor acting and subpar direction. Definitive Brode!
Definitely a rare and wonderful find for a movie which includes a cast of REAL (instead of hired hearing-actor-pretending-as-a-deaf-person actors that you see sometimes in films!) deaf actors in the movie world nowadays.... Also, it's a bigger plus when you consider the directional approach chosen for this film -- it's an appreciative success.
A beautiful simple story, told with no unecessary effects (Ozon respects the natural pace of mourning time). But what strikes most is Charlotte Rampling, who's never been so real, so beautiful, so mysterious. I won't forget her face in this film. It's not usual, that kind of meeting between of an actress and a character.
Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase have great chemistry. I can't decide which of their two films I like best. Foul Play had me rolling on the floor. Seems Like Old Times left me wanting more... It's a shame they only made two films together. Oh well, at least we have Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan.
I liked it as well as my wife and our 4yr. old son. Not sure why the PG rating, no language that I recall. Some visuals of poopie.Maybe a tad bit violent, but no blood or guts, no one gets killed. Overall it's a cute movie,and made me laugh out loud a number of times.
This film is for those who just want to have a little fun. By no means am I saying this is a comic treasure, but with a cast like this, and the antics you see on screen, make The Cannonball Run pure fun. Love the performances by Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr. and Adrienne Barbeau.
I haven't seen many films that have made me laugh out loud, I haven't seen many films that have brought tears to my eyes and I can't recall one film that did both, several times during its course. Far from being 'just' another sci-fi extravaganza with robots and androids, this is a very human story.
Average family style drama suited only for liberal minded people.This movie could have been good if it had better cinematography and script/screenplay.Still,if you are a liberal and a fan of family comedies and like any of the lead actors here,you will probably ignore this movie's limitations and be quite entertained by it's feel good fantasy.......
This is a propaganda film Leni Riefenstahl, Mao and Stalin would be proud of. Senseless, waste of time, starring wooden Harrison Ford who has been playing the same role, since Han Solo and Deckard of Blade Runner, now for 20 years. He is certainly one of the worst professional actors in the world.
Dealing with an autistic child, his demand for the family's attention, and their inability to focus their lives on anything other than this child. Realistic rather than sentimental, an unpleasant topic successfully presented with first-rate editing, acting and direction. Kirstie Alley, as the child's harried mom, comes up with a mesmerizing and utterly convincing portrayal.
this was quite a jumbled mess of a film... hershey is cast as a much too young actress, and mazur is completely wasted... this film has no idea of where it wants to go, and is turgid and confusing in many parts... clarence williams is wasted too... too bad because the cast is interesting enuff
I just finished watching "Man of The Century" for the second time on the IFC channel. I just love this movie. Gibson Frazier is hilarious as is the rest of the cast. What a wonderful idea this movie was. I hope to see Gibson Frazier in more films in the future. I like his style.
Just watched this last night. Finished by wanting to buy every other NY video. Superb performance. Highlight was Philadelphia. Atmosphere, mood & interaction with the audience was just right. I think Neil is at his best on this sort of set (check out unplugged), as he produces clear undiluted music filled with emotion & feeling.
As soon as I saw Neil sit on the chair and pick up a guitar I thought "This is going to be great" and It did not let me down. Through the coarse of the night he plays Guitar and Piano and Harmonica. The best song was "Looking Forward". NEIL IS GREAT
Now that is a film that tries to show the modern world of relationships and how many people just do not get what they want, due to mean folks around, lack of communication and trust or just unfitting circumstances. Depressing autumn movie, but with a glimpse of hope and great music of mostly Spanish origin.
This movie was total nonsense, but still I kept watching. The action is quite good and plenty of explosions. Absolutely ludicrous plot. Theres a bit where the Spitfire pilot shoots down a jet with a grenade launcher while he hangs out of the cockpit. Nonsense but great stuff. Its got Horst Bucholtz in as well.
Par for the course, regarding Troma films. Got a few chuckles from me just out of pure silliness, but it's a one-joke comedy movie with some action and cartoon sound effects thrown in for good measure. Not the worst, but I didn't have a good feeling about myself after watching this movie in it's entirety.
For a made for TV movie I thought that it was a great popcorn movie - don't expect anything to be very accurate and don't expect any award winners in this bunch but I do recommend this for a TV type version somewhat like "The Replacements". Look for cameos from real NFL players & officials.
The story has... well... huge holes! But the relationship between father and son made this movie worth watching!! The young actor, Jesse, has alot of natural talent and is surprisingly believable in his role as this self-assured young man. So, set aside reality, get out a large dose of salt and enjoy.
I have seen this movie and I can tell you, it's incredible what you can do with a home movie camera. Having done some little projects of my own, I can say that these high school kids today are capable of anything. Keep up the good work guys, let's see what else you can do.
Oh my god, the 80's Dance music is REALLY bad! Please don't watch this film for your own good!!! Meg Ryan is very fit, but this is the only advantage this apawling movie has to offer. There is no way Dennis Quaid make up for the lack of descent actors, the others are like puppets.
The best part about the movie was when "Jack Putter" was changing his facial features to become the cowboy and when he changed back!! That was hilarious!! I thought I was going to die I laughed so hard my sides hurt!! This was an excellent comedy, and Meg Ryan was great in the film also.
Another weak and contrived Brit' crime drama with comedy aspirations as a group of characters sit in a white room and recall the incidents that led to them coming together starting with the sale of a dodgy motor... No performance on earth can save what is basically a poorly developed script. Distinctly unsatisfying.
is it possible for a movie to suck more than "the smokers"? it's possible- "tart" (also starring Dominique Swain) was worse, but not by much. who cares about spoiled little rich kids at a prep school in wisconsin? answer: about as many as liked this movie (i.e. enough to fill phone booth and no more)
The story about four men in their mid-life crisis is well written and does not loose focus at any moment. Convincing actors. I did not like the scene with the prostitute. All scenes are realistic and seem to come out of really every-day life. The psychology of the friends is well described by strong dialogue.
GREAT first effort film. Gets better with each viewing. PLEASE don't let Freddy (I can't act, but my wife can) Prinze scare you away - there's a nifty little jewel here. A unique and poignant story being told here...for anyone that's ever felt like their life lacks the "spark" they've always dreamed of. Very sweet...
This was a well-written story that had the essential plot twists and honest truth about our public school systems. The pessimistic view portrayed by the main character made me think about the numb existence many of our school teachers actually have. This story could be expanded to develop the characters and "surprises" in the plot.
This movie tells a sad true story, but I guess a lot of drama has been added. The whole script just isn't very believable. After only five minutes I knew who did it and it was funny to see the script-writer failing again and again in trying to make you believe someone else did it.
This has got to be one of the worst movies I've seen in quite a while. The plot is horrible. There are so many plot holes that it makes it hard to concentrate on the bad active, grade school haunted house makeup & special effects or the terrible sound effects. Stay away from this movie.
This is not Norm Macdonald funny, this is not even Carrotop funny. Every gag fails, the movie is shot in dark, depressing colors which only drive the "sad, very sad" message straight to the subconscious. This movie is a shining of example on how not to make a slapstick meets a crazy twisting plot movie.
For an independent film it did a great job. Purva Bedi is hot, a good blend of east/west humor, and a good written script...I went to see this movie and there needs to be more movies like this one that shows indian culture in a good light and not behind a 7-11. -Ramesh
Red Corner was not only a good movie, it kept me emotionally engaged for the entire film. I expected Richard Gere to do a good job, he always does, but, Bai Ling stole the movie with a touching performance. Red Corner is very well directed, too, but from Jon Avnet, who would expect anything else?
i gave it 3/10 and even that's a gift. the strange thing is that i can't keep myself from suggesting certain people see it. hopefully you're not one of them. the quality is impossibly bad yet somehow some elements sort of stuck in my brain. if you figure out what that's about, let me know?
Macbeth, the comedy is exactly what the Shakespearean community needs , a little mickey take that doesn't take itself so god damn seriously... it was great to see Allison and the cast stir up the Holy of holies... Well done, I laughed a lot and didn't miss the original script one bit.... bassyb, new york
Jason's Lyric is a truly great love story with a superb cast. The performances by Bokeem Woodbine as Josh, and Forest Whitaker as MadDog are strong and convincing. Complemented by a superb soundtrack, this movie should not be missed. Jason's Lyric should have received more theatrical exposure letting the main actors and supporting cast shine.
Brilliantly written. Stillman's first in his trilogy, this sets the standard for the offbeat banter and dialogue of the two films that followed, "Barcelona," and "The Last Days of Disco." Surprisingly great acting, I think, as well--from a cast of, at the time at least, relative no names. As talkfests go, this is a keeper.
This movie is absolutely terrible. If you want to see a movie that deals with the same content (witchcraft) yet has a much better story line, see "The Craft." However, if you want to see a movie dealing with many many nude teenage witches, this is probably up your alley. Sorry, it was just terrible.
Well the first time I saw this film was more than enough for me fall in love with it... I simply adore it, it is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life... seriously. It made me see things in a different way... and by the way I am seeing all the time!
I like to compare apples to apples,this is a B movie,so... compared to other B movies,this one is great.Michael Pare is almost always a very charismic actor,in this movie he is at the top of form,cool story,cool guy,and over the top acting(thats what makes a great B movie). Even my wife liked it.
Moon 44 of What??? In our normal astronomical set up, stars have planets which in turn have moons. More science---less fiction. OK, so all of the batch of new pilots were cons except Stone. I didn't need the sexual abuse scenes and grab-ass in the shower. I wasted $1.07 on this piece of crap.
Besides its dialogue being simply stunning in piling up repartee after absurdist repartee,the very plot of the film feels more as a joke at the expenses of structuralist critique than a structuralist text per se. In short, it is multi-layered entertainment at its best, with a strong central characterization (Jobert) and great European locations.
A somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the TBS cable station. Antonio and Janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's about it. For trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'Melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.
Very well may be one of the worst sci-fi films of all-time! The cast is ridiculously stupid. The effects are laughable. Cool nudity, but I can buy magazines for that. Has anyone noticed the monster here is a genetic mutation, thereby negating the title? Space Maggot forces a 1, and prays there are no sequels.
The pain felt while watching this movie is almost life changing. From the acting, writing direction, and god awful special effects, this movie failed on every conceivable level. Now, this doesn't mean you shouldn't watch it, of course. After all, it's rare to find a film that can serve as fodder for so many jokes.
This is not Norm Macdonald funny, this is not even Carrotop funny. Every gag fails, the movie is shot in dark, depressing colors which only drive the "sad, very sad" message straight to the subconscious. This movie is a shining of example on how not to make a slapstick meets a crazy twisting plot movie.
OK, so there is virtually no plot in this movie, the acting is atrocious at best and there are some very annoying characters in it. I know it sounded like there was going to be a but...., well there isn't, this movie is rubbish and it would be a waste of time to watch it.
One of the worst movies i ever watched. Probably the worst. A movie just made for two scenes (minute 39 and 58). Lets see if there is any positive to say about this movie. No I can't think of any. Pam just destroyed my ideology of good acting. Who was stupid enough to produce this?
I was hesitant for a sequel to the shocking Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, which was both graphically and psychologically disturbing. It seems that the shock and psychology of the first gave way to boring dialogues and less-than-effective acting. Perhaps the producers were hoping to cash in on the cult-following of the first "Henry".
This film was released in the wake of "Pulp Fiction" et al. It contained Roth (who was in vogue), and dealt with the underworld. It flopped. In many ways it is not a crowd pleaser. However i has a talented cast, deals with family tribulations well; and has a distinctive style of it's own.
This was a slightly funny sometimes entertaining family comedy, but you can tell how Disney is going into the live action, and will have some unsuccessful movies to now, Meet The Deedles, Mr. Magoo, and others. I give Man of the House a 3.5 out of 10. Rated PG for mild violence and language.
This film seems to have more takes in the title than it did during filming. Give and Take and Take has obviously been a labour of love to make. It's just a shame that it's more of a labour to watch. Performances, Plot and characterisation are laughable. It's just a shame the jokes aren't. Avoid.
By directing this film, Luc Besson proved that he's made a big mistake by involving himself in Hollywood system. He's more successful in directing movies like Leon, The Big Blue, La Femme Nikita. He can not be a good director in sci-fi movies and epics like Messenger: the story of JF. Please somebody tell him.
Very obvious nods to "Vertigo", but that shouldn't distract from a very good film. This is a film of beauty and comedy. You whirl through the streets of Hong Kong, and catch a very real sense of modern life in that part of the world. If you like Wong Kar Wai then catch this.
This movie has less plot than a porno. There is no real point to the movie, except that everyone is sleeping with Harvey Keitel. The man shows that he knows nothing about self control, although he is trying to teach people about "cults". She was better off before her family hired him to "help" her.
This is a truly horrible, incomprehensible mess of a film. It has no direction, a terrible script and appears not to have been edited! All those critics who are claiming that this is some great work of art are a bunch of sheep who are just trying to be clever - don't believe it.
This has to be one of the most contrived plots for a movie since Star Trek 3, the Search for Spock. "Let's bring back all the characters we killed in the last movie so they can fight again".... doh! This is such a huge letdown after the first movie, which is an absolute classic.
Frankenström is pure crap! It might be funny for the makers of the film, but to others it is pure torture. I watched this with 5 of my friends and everyone hated it. Tedious "love" scene and unfunny dialogue doesn't really help. 1 out of 10 [ ½ star out of ***** ]
This tale of fussin' and a feudin' is showing its age in spades, but at least it benefits from a memorable cast: Randolph Scott, Buster Crabbe, John Carradine, and little Shirley Temple, whose doll gets its head shot off. Jack La Rue plays the villain and is in desperate need of a moustache to twirl.
Man this movie short is so bad that even a Joe Besser short with the Three Stooges is much better than this except maybe the horrible Besser shorts, I just don't want to imagine if this was the first Three Stooges film I've ever watched, stay away unless if you're a hardcore stooge fan. 1.5/10
I decided to see this after reading a review stating that "it was a great movie". IT WAS NOT! Nothing about it was worth seeing. I lost 85 minutes of my life. Bad acting, bad story, bad script, bad everything. Whooa a serial killer on an aeroplane; what an original and new twist - NOT!
and I thought there'd be some humor to its stupidity. I guess I got what I expected, not much more. Wouldn't watch it again, don't recommend it to anyone to watch for any reason. Only reason I watched is because my Guide said 'killer salmon' and I couldn't pass that up! 4 out of 10
I must admit that i was'nt looking forward to watching this,But to my surprise, I WAS RIGHT,This is probably the most stupid,idiotic load of crap that i've ever seen.If you can stand countless erection joke's(well one joke done a hundred time's )then this is the film for you,All of the joke's are forced upon you(AGAIN&AGAIN&AGAIN).
Absolutely abysmal production proves that Lustig can use a camera, but Cohen can't write worth a darn. Ridiculous story, solid B cast flounders under the weight of one lousy script. Thank goodness there does not seem to be a sequel on the horizon, or else I'll move to Canada. Sign me up for a 1.
Altough it may star some hot TV stars, this is a bad direct-to-video sequel (Arriving to video on September 7th). An Army base in the ice gets attacked by demons that torment the cast. Average horror adventure which won't even entertain. Rated R for horror violence, some notable gore, brief profanity and sexual situations/nudity.
Poorly written, poorly plotted, poorly acted, poorly filmed. As a matter of fact, one of the few redeeming qualities was the quality of the body-double (though the transition from actress's face to the body-double was also poorly done). I felt like I was watching some sort of corporate training video: same overall quality...same overall message.
This was the first Chan film with Roland Winters in the title role. It is a remake of Monogram's "Mr. Wong in Chinatown". This is okay as Monogram Chans go. The supporting cast is pretty good for this studio with Philip Ahn standing out. An interesting search for a mysterious "Captain K" makes it fun.
This was an unusual movie. That Fred Sanborn has got to be as strange a comedian as there ever was in a movie. It's really bizarre. The stooges are fireman and do their thing with Ted Healy batting them around. Probably wouldn't seem so bad if you did not know what they would do later.
This is one bad movie. I've seen better acting in adult movies. The plot if there is one is totally pointless as you just see skinheads do exactly what the cliché tells you they do: going round being racist and aggressive to everything and everyone. Stay clear of this one because it's a real stinker.
An interesting concept-reincarnation-is poorly addressed in this psychological drama. The bad acting and poor direction are extremely disappointing, considering the brief glimpse of genius Director Bartlett showed in earlier efforts-"The Silent Raiders"(1954) and "Silver Star"(1955). The stiff acting, and lack of direction, combined with preachy dialogue, deliver a picture reminiscent of an Ed Wood production.
*Possible spoilers ahead!* This is historically inaccurate and very dull. I mean, lets face it: who wants to see an execution? In this video (spoilers!) it took one chop to cut her head off; in real life it was three. Don't watch this if you don't want to watch a silent, black and white video.
The fixed and penetrating gaze of the posturing-while-frequently-motionless Mr. McManus was too too much much. I kept watching because I really wanted to find out what happened to Pablo Bryant's character, about whom I cared tremendously, but not enough to rank the movie as better than awful. I will look for Mr. Bryant's work elsewhere.
i just cant imagine why anyone would release such a trash. i can only assume that the director wanted to make fun of the audience. i love steven s. and dennis hopper, but this time they have outdone themselves. especially the car-blackbox scene with hopper. unbelievable. for me one of the worst movies ever. congrats.
This movie was the most terrible thing I've seen in my entire life. But it made the funniest MST3K episode I've seen in a long time. However, if you are a big fan of mullets, pedafiles, sketchy old prospectors, hoaky action sequences, bad teeth, hicks, and annoying squirrely kids with high voices...then see this movie!
Berenger is good, the rest of the cast are adequate. The story is very predictable and somewhat incoherent. A pretty explicit s/m scene is included to spice things up a bit, but it seems out of place. Not recommended viewing, but if you have nothing better to do on a rainy Sunday afternoon, then ...
"Honor Thy Father" is a very slow, unexciting TV made movie about an inner city Mafia family. A good source for school projects but thats about it. Otherwise, don't watch it for entertainment or you will be bored to death. I just have to say it's a good thing I got this film for free.
I admit it, I rented this film because Billy Campbell is in it, but it was a disappointment. I won't say it was a huge disappointment, as I wasn't expecting much, I still found it to be plodding and boring. Outrageously funny? I can't imagine where or how. Don't waste your time with this one.
The above title says it all. Brotherhood of the wolf is so ridiculous that it is actually fun to watch. I payed good money for a bad film and I am not disapointed. There is probably not one thing in this movie that makes sense. If you want a good laugh then see this movie!
Man,did Disney really make this. With how corney this movie is. It's so stupid I mean at the end Sonny peddling that bike faster than a car. If you ask me this film really stinks. And I'm not giving it a break because it was made in 1998 so overall I give it a 3.
What a massive desception this flick is, A movie based around a plot as thick as ice is on a hot-Summer night is usually something you don't want to step on, normally there would be some leverage before the layer breaks but beware step on this and you won't need a peddle you'll be swimming.
this movie must be re-released. a whole generation of comedy fans is missing out on one of the classic comedies of all time. if you have never seen this movie please contact your congressman and your clergyman and demand that they contact whoever it is that they serve and bring this movie to the publics attention.
Underrated, gripping thriller was a big box-office failure but it deserves a second chance on home video. Tightly plotted (there's always something happening, but the complications never get too confusing) and smoothly directed, it's a movie that knows how to keep you absorbed, even though its nihilistic ending is slightly cliched. Give it a try. (***)
Very well done, you enter expecting to go into a "back to the future" type ride and then they "transport" you onto the Enterprise (They actually change the floor underneath you!) You get to battle Klingons on the bridge, ride a turbolift, etc. One of the best ways to spend a few dollars in Las Vegas.
I've been studying film half my life, and THE GRANNY is without any question the most abysmal, disgusting movie I've ever laid eyes on. And I've seen some bad movies! Stella Stevens is unwatchable, the script is beneath contempt, and I wouldn't wish this movie on my worst enemy. To be avoided like the bubonic plague.
A story of a twin trapeze act who fall out over a winning lottery ticket and a girl. A wonderful story and cast with an unusual and unpredictable end. This is my favourite film of all time and the brilliant Herbert Lom gives his best performance to date as Jules and Georges. I definitely recommend it.10/10
Director Bob Fosse does it again with Lenny, a fine movie of the life of legendary 60's comedian Lenny Bruce. Using the same trademark style he used in Cabaret, Fosse creates a wonderful black and white visual collage. The mood and world of 60's nightclubs is wonderfully recreated. Both Dustin Hoffman and Valerie Perrine are superb.
This one absurd scene describes this movie at its best: Young woman, sleeping in her bed. Door of her room opens. Strange man walks in and steps into her bed. She wakes up in a state of shock. Man puts hand on het mouth and says: ssssshhhhh... it's ok, don't worry! It's only the ticket taker...
it's unexplicable where the serbian cinematography is going. we make or stupid black-humor comedies or bad social movies. mali svet is one that belongs to the first category. the movie hasn't no background, no construction that could hold him, the characters are tied by destiny which is very suspicious, there are many unlogical actions...it's just sad
Sexy, dark, funny and smart. One of the best and most underrated films of the 1990's. Why isn't this film on DVD? Sure it's not for everyone, sorry Ben Affleck isn't in this one ... Polanski is a master, fearless, one of the all time great film directors. This film shows why. There's my two cents.
Ok, yes it was silly...but very cute. Who wouldn't watch Jennifer Connelly?! And Dermot Mulrooney as the robber was HYSTERICAL. The scene on the skates with the veil, and the scene where Jennifer Connelly is riding on the kids horsey ride and Dermot tries to get on the back. Those will stick in my head forever!
Chuck Norris played this movie to the limit!!! He showed his skills and then some. He is no doubt a professional in this movie. It was brief and to the point. Someone killed his girl and he takes vengeance. There was much action in this movie. Nothing but KICK ASS and take names in this movie.
Very Good!! Once you see it, you must love it! The Songs are tremendous!! The ones who love this TV very much cannot have its soundtrack - is a LOSS! During the time hear about these songs, the lives of three young women will appear in your mind! An Excellent TV I had never seen! :)
The one constant in Somerset Maugham's short story of "Rain" was the incessant rain and the oppressive, claustrophobic and maddening effect it had on the participants. This effect is translated and conveyed effectively in this movie. The opening 5 minutes are dated and boring but if you get past this you will thoroughly enjoy the movie.
This is at my guess a good book, but translates into a bad movie. Low budget, and good acting make this film a 3. What happens with the Roaches is interesting, and thats about it. The ending is disappointing. My wife hates this film so much she makes me change the channel when ever its on.
I loved this one! Icabob Crane is here and Brom Bones (Dick Butkus) is angered that Katrina Van Tassel, his "girl" is taking a fond interest in Crane. When poltergeists appear, Crane still doesn't believe until one fateful night... My only problem with this is that it does not remain trueful to the book by Irving.
Another lame attempt at a "politically correct" Cinderella story, but with Elmo in place of Brandy. It dosen't get much worst than this. If your looking for a GOOD fairy tale story, watch the "Happily Ever After" series, politically correct it may be but atleast their able to pull it off, and on a regular basis.
Nowhere near as horrific as it should've been. They deal here with a primal fear: being buried alive. But the film has no tension, no scares. Despite that, I could watch Adrien Brody all day. I'd love to see him, with his off-beat good looks, in a lead role. Maybe a buddy picture with Steve Buscemi.
I loved sliders. How much? Put it this way, give me the first 2 or 3 seasons, and 3 words can answer that. 88 - HOUR - MARATHON. I have been hooked right from the start, and it really ticked me when they canceled it after the first year, and then moved it out of Vancouver.
This is an early effort of Abbott and Costello, and displays there comedy talents to the fullest. A bit dated now and heavy on music but none the less and interesting offering from this classical comedy team. Recommended for all ages. Don't let the black and white discourage you. I rated this a 7.
Surprisingly funny movie with the dynamic duo Martin/Hawn. The movie brings to life the differences between the American cities and the countryside. Even if these exist, they are seldom brought up in the rest of the world. This plot gives a warm feeling inside and brings up real problems and thoughts with comic twist.
Ok this movie was interesting slow at first but then picked up of course I had a hard time even looking away from the screen because of Nancy Mckeon being the main character even crazy she looks cute :o) The movie is about a woman who seems normal then starts to hear voices she has schizophrenia.
The third Dogme film, "Mifune" is the best film of the decade. Characters are nicely developed, and pictures are beautifully shot. I can't believe that it is shot without filters and only available light. Nice plot. Kresten's Toshiro Mifune is wonderful. I just want to say "Thank you for showing this wonderful piece" 10 of 10
When I went to see this movie, I was expecting something like "Festen". A bit experimental and very serious movie. I was, however, positively surprised. "Mifune" is one of the best and funniest movies I have seen in a long time. I consider it the best of the 3 Dogme-movies I have seen. Way to go!!
Don Juan (errol flynn) is a romantic well know lover in spain. He has many storys about him. THis adventure involves saving the queen from a villion, which is trying to control spain. Don Juan wins the queens heart and saves spain. It's a funny romantic Adventure. The costumes are great, the director is great too.
If you aren't a thinker, you will probably rate this movie less than 10 and call it a "chick flick". A lot of care and patience went into making this movie and in keeping it true to Asimov's short story. I thoroughly enjoyed the movie due to the questions it raises and the future it foretells.
Geez, I LOVE this movie. It's got just about everything a great (sort of) B-movie needs: Killer dolls, caged women rock bands, a psycho dwarf with an eyepatch, an assassin/clown/ordained priest, and, of course, a crazed billionaire with a shrunken head. Like the tagline says, 'Revenge, lust, and Dolls', all in an hour and a half.
"Spartans" superbly demonstrates the problems American advisors encountered in Vietnam before the United States escalated its involvement. In an attempt to explain the eventual failure of America's effort, this movie reveals the inherent difficulties of fighting a guerrilla war in a foreign country. This movie offers good characters, especially Burt Lancaster as Major Asa Baker.
I couldn't stop laughing in this one. I thought the eye candy in this movie was awesome. Only problem I have is....I can't find a place to buy it on DVD. Probably a bunch of stick in the mud critics hated the movie....and the producers did feel it was worth trying to sell. What a shame.
KAïRO is a real great movie. You enter the atmosphere which is very loud and almost surrealistic. You don't really understand what is going on, but you feel it. And the night after you saw the movie, you're still in it. Too excellent ! And the story is frightening, if that would be the future ?
Poorly acted, lamely scripted, unnecessarily violent, and pretentious far beyond the typical indie films, "Frogs and Snakes" was one of the worst films of 1998. While a bad film may be enjoyable on some level for its cheesiness or other lame aspect, this film's self-importance and supposedly "deep" dialogue makes you want to gag. Nothing redeemable.
For once, someone had a small special effects budget, and got the most out of it, while still coming up with a compelling story. I never saw where the director was going with it, so the everything was very surprising. Good performances, good direction, good effects, and good script. Give it an 8, and a chance.
This is one of my favorite movies, and I'm surprised not that many people have seen it. I love the music and the plot.It's not long, and since it's in sections, can easily hold a child's attention. I am so lucky that I found this at a flea market, now all i need is the soundtrack.
I know John Derek made some awful movies, but how the heck did they get Humphrey Bogart to make this thing? This makes my top 25 worst movies of all times. If it weren't for Bogart's appearance it would have been a total loss. The writing is corny and the actors don't even do that justice.
...as I watched it one night earlier this week on cable TV. Had only heard about it years ago, and was so struck by its ruthless depiction of cruelty and beauty as well as poignancy of old-fashioned love story of sacrifice a la Casablanca. A must-see for anyone who thirsts for quality, taste and intelligence.
Although the acting is, as you would expect, excellent throughout, one scene stands out for me. Lookout for Ed Harris's reaction at the funeral when he learns the truth about Terry. This film also shows what Gary Oldman could do if he sticks to his promise of not playing any more one dimensional bad guy roles.
This movie was so great. Sean Hayes played Jerry Lewis almost flawlessly. The story was accurate and the movie was well made. Though they only had 2 hours to get the whole story, it was almost all in there. The most important parts were covered. This movie was AWESOME. I hope they put it on DVD.
I think this film is a great Hitchcock of all time. The photography, plot, and the direction are classic Hitchcock elements. It is also one of his first films. The lighting effects in the film are great. I first saw it when I was 9 (I'm now 13), and I did not find it too scary.
this was a great funny movie but it wasnt Adam Sandler's best movie. Overall it was a great movie for everyone, funny andromantic, it had me laughing thru most of the whole movie, i personally liked Adam Sandler best in Big Daddy or Happy Gilmore, i havent seen Mr. Deeds yet but it does look hilarious
While this may not be Adam Sandler's best movie in terms of pure comedy, it is his best all-around movie. In addition, the casting for this movie was superb. Drew Barrymore is amazing as Julia, Christine Taylor is perfect as Holly, Allen Covert's portrayal of Sammy is great, and the cameos were well thought out, too.
"Mortal Thoughts" is well acted and keeps your attention throughout. It's a modernized "Alfred Hitchcock type" movie complete with Brooklyn accents. It makes you wonder how the judicial system can ever figure out who's telling the truth and also how many guilty people are acquitted because of their acting abilities. Mystery buffs should be very satisfied.
I adore this movie. Mike Myers is a comic genius. I pretty much love all his movies but this one is one of the best. Even before it was hysterical for Eddie Murphy to play his whole family, we had Mike playing his own father. And doing a darn good job of it too.
"So I Married an Axe Murderer", may not have been as great as "Austin Powers", or "Wayne's World", but I still loved it. This movie is quite different from his major movies, that everyone loves, but If you're a big Mike Myers' fan like me and you haven't seen it yet, go ahead and rent it.
This movie was wonderful. It had all the elements of an Oscar contender. It had action, but was also humorous throughout. Scenes of violence were done tastefully and the only thing slightly objectionable might be a few swear words. A true family film. I own the video and have watched this movie at least 30 times.
Marilyn, never more beautiful, outstages a stiff Olivier in this fairytalish comedy. The lessons at the Actor´s Studio (NY) really did pay off! An absolute delight and probably my favorite Monroe movie after ´The Misfits´. Don´t watch this one for the complex storylines or the explosive action, watch this one for the genius of Marilyn Monroe.
Dennis Miller was funny. The film was pretty good, but I would have preferred a more serious undertaking. Lots of good looking women, gruesome makeup, and campy devices made for a good time. Miller's character appealed to me; I like a tough, wise cracking detective with a heart of gold. I found the ending totally satisfying.
Oh I loved this movie!! It was so exciting!! It seemed like John and Karen were never going to escape. It was, however, a little bit exaggerated about all the horrors that the poor couple lived there. The character of Poe was cartoonish. But the film was so enjoyable. I can't wait to see the sequel!!
Anyone who has seen the utterly worthless original will rightfully wonder why a sequel was even filmed. But what's really inconceivable is that this so-called sequel is actually even worse that "Xtro". A shameless "Alien" rip-off, terribly acted and full of very derivative effects. Trust all the comments and don't waste your time with this film.
Great action, nice plot twist, and a little skin thrown in for good measure. I was very entertained throughout, and was shocked with the amount of star power in the cast for this film...only wish that Joe P's character had not been killed off so quickly... Looking forward to the next Scott Wiper project!!
This is a pretty damn good action movie! In the beginning i thought it would be another boring action movie, but i found it to be very entertaining. And on top of that, there is a lot of violence :-) Anyway, if you have the chance to rent this movie, do it, you won't regret it!
This film is a big piece of garbage. I thought I was watching cutscenes to a video game. This movie is boring and is not realistic. No suspense at all. Why would they make this thing. This looks like what they show on the video monitors when you are in line for Star Tours at Disneyland.
i expected to see a good horror movie, when i bought "the living dead girl" but i was disappointed. the dialogues are boring, the plot is unimaginative, the camera stands somewhere in the corner without dramatic.the whole movie is long-winded. the special fx are ridiculous and the erotic-factor is zero, just some naked women standing around.
Visually rich, somewhat slow paced, and hung together by varied amounts and quality of connection between the characters and a slight plot, the film manages to hold audience attention and intrigues the viewer. Many fascinating new faces to watch, moderate amount of tension, excellent acting, and an interesting-enough story line make this Canadian film worth seeing.
I watched this last night on television. I'm quite the gay film buff but I had never heard of this movie. I can't top Tom Norris's review;they reflect my thoughts perfectly. The film is a documentary of a time I lived through but was just a little too young to participate in. A must see film.
Being a devoted Michael Caine fan I was horrified after watching "Shadow Run" that I indeed had spent money on the DVD. Usually even if Michael Caine stars in a bad movie he himself is still a pleasure to watch. Somehow this doesn´t seem to be the case here. I don´t know who to blame first.
i can't believe it! this movie is worst than xXx, worst than Fast and Furious, worst than Gone in 60 Seconds!!! DO NOT SEE IT! I repeat: DO NOT SEE IT! See something else instead...even POKEMON is better than this bucket of crap!!! Bad acting, bad jokes, cliches....BAD! i give it a 0 out of 100.
Fine courtroom drama which appears to be about a small change murder involving a pair of street people. But is it? An attorney takes on the case and begins digging deep into the case when evidence turns up that suggests the culprit may have connections other than with simple street bums. Interesting and exciting, though improbable.
Watching this movie was a waste of time....Nudity, for one thing....this was GROSS! Not only that, the storyline was quite dull and delusional. Rent something else if you see this movie on the shelf. I think "Dead-Alive" would be better than this! Heck, if you see this and don't have anything to rent, watch your television.
This is one of the funniest films I've ever seen. A local station in Houston used to run this show on new year's eve and I would watch it every year. Few comics can top Benny and his deadpan delivery but Pa Kettle came close in this one as he played the slow motion yard man.
I found this version of the movie inane. Even though the whole tragic mulatto concept is quite ridiculous, I find the 1959 version a much easier one to take. Whenever there has been a movie about a black person "passing" for white to enjoy a better life, the character is punished for being duplicitous. How primitive.
Being a huge advocate of PTA, I hunted for this video forever. Eventually I found it. So I saw it and, well, aaah--didn't really like it. Sandler walks into a furniture store and in an attempt to find the perfect sofa, his legs end up over his shoulders--go figure. So its funny in one way--Sandler's mullet.
I guess my fault with this film was going into the cinema with such high expectations. Having read reviews and knowing the film was to be poetical, I was really looking forward to seeing it. It started with an extremely promising sequence with the children on the beach, but all was downhill from there. Suprisingly disappointing.
This movie is neither funny nor even remotely interesting. I can sum it up in one word, BORING. This type of movie has been so overdone and for this movie not to bring anything new to the table is inexplicable. The cast is barely adequate and this movie demonstrates just how over rated Witherspoon really is.
This is the kind of movie Hollywood excels at and when they make a good one, it can be fabulous. I expected this movie to be a lot better. It was too cliched and the tender moments were just corny. The acting was fine, it was the directing and script that weren't just weren't good enough.
I cant believe i was looking forward to this movie! Why Kinski! is it that bad ! The Plot, the acting, the directing .. All fail. Even the shower scene and the sex scene are made up with a fake model! I'm going to think twice before i see another movie for Kinski or Dimster. Uhhhh!
Well, I usually like english movies but this is absolutely boring and most disturbing. It is based on a true story, but still this movie is boring. Actors are good. The end is so stupid, that almost it is hard to believe that it is a true story. I would give this movie ** from *****.
I won't waste my time reviewing a piece of bubble gum like this suffice it to say that bubble gum, every now and then, is kind of fun but gets stale quickly. 4/10 for oft mechanical writing, visual gags that never work, and overall bad acting (except for CLAYTON ROHNER: he sold his character well).
Fun to see the Thai version of a slasher movie. It is very much a "teen" movie and a mix between The ring and Scream The acting rates from decent to awful, but it's fun to watch, OK entertainment. There are better Thai movies, but it's fun to see them doing things in this genre
I rented this DVD with the risk that it might be "too wierd." Forget that! It wasn't wierd at all? It was just bad! What were all the reviews about ghosts about? I didn't see that at all? The big name talent all just had "ghost roles." Dont' be fooled by that. Waste of time
I kept waiting for this movie to make sense at some point, and it never happened. I looked at the IMDB rating hoping to get some kind of an idea how many people saw the film and how many people gave it a rating higher than 7. Boy was I disapointed. What a waste of celluloid!
Aside from its propagandistic aspects (it seems to argue that America has the right to invade any foreign country in the name of "law and justice"), this is a standard, brainless actioner, with lots of explosions and large-scale stunts, but not much excitement. Billy Drago, as the slimy villain, is the film's only redeeming factor. (*1/2)
The film chooses to be sci-fi and then it chooses to have melodrama as well? Doesn't work when there is little attention to acting, and the script is poor. There is one scene in particular that goes on too long and you just can't take it seriously, but let's have your viewing ruin it for you!
John Ritter did a terrific job portraying L. Frank Baum, author of the Wizard of Oz books. It was a moving portrait of an imaginative man and a wonder to watch. Roger Baum (grandson of L. Frank) told me he thought the movie was to be re-released, but I haven't been able to get it, unfortunately.
This was the most terrible movie I have ever seen.The summary of it doesn't really make sense and it is all sensual sex. The girls kill nearly everyone that comes in their way(which is completely useless) and a man gets his testicles cut off. A sure movie to stay away. Rating .1 out of 10.0
While this film does have some interesting ideas (vampirism as an addiction), the execution is horrible. The narrative is practically non-existent (and needlessly overlong and confusing). The acting (except Duane Jones) is horrible...the actors blow lines right on camera! The dialogue is almost impossible to hear. The whole thing comes off as very amateurish. Not recommended.
"Diplomatic Siege" tells of those involved in the siege of the American embassy in Bucharest for the purpose of compelling the UN to release a Serbian officer being held for war crimes. The film is an ambitious project which self-destructs in the process of trying to do too much. An utter failure not recommended for anyone.
Aside from JFK, the English civil war is my favourite period of history. So it was going to be a set of very bad reviews to keep me away. Yes there are inaccuracies, Scott is a terrible actor and they overdo the modernist slant. However I really enjoyed this, Roth and Everett are always watchable.
I thought I could never find a completely bad movie. Well, I found it. It's this movie. This has to be the' worst movie ever made. Everyone over acts, there is no flow to the movie. Shakespeare will role over his grave every time someone sees this ruined version. I strongly recommend not seeing this movie.
Quite poor. It had potential but fell short with completely false dialogue and horrible acting. I felt like I was watching a cable access attempt at a movie. It was pretty funny, but I don't think the meant it to be. The ending was like a slap in the face after a punch in the stomach.
This is by far the worst movie i ever seen. I would have given it a score of 2 if it was a parody because it actually made me laugh at some points. How can a movie of such low quality be released in the year of 2003? Avoid at all costs!
I was lying, this film is pretty awful even though a scene in a doctors waiting room is quite freaky. What it with your girl/boy friend and you will end up cuddling all night otherwise leave well alone! (This is where I would normally put some manic laughing, but with 'Dr Giggles' I won`t bother)
Film history recalls that everyone working on this film was either stoned or drunk. They therefore paid little attention to the script, and basically made it up as they went along. The result is more coherent than you would expect. The first half is excellent noir, and Mitchum, Russell and Price are all enjoying themselves.
Mark Dacascos delivers the moves and his usual workman-like acting job in this utterly predictable martial arts revenge flick. James Ryan is appropriately evil and vicious--until he just caves before our hero. But little, not even the location filming in South Africa, can save this by-the-numbers film, especially with a climax that is...well, just not climactic.
LOVE STORY: unbelievably unconvincing and boring PLOT: n/a GRAPHICS: not very inspired this time ACTION: occasionally good, most of the time you think "what's the point". LIGHT SABRE USAGE: MOST UNCOOL!! SPOILER: expect to see a muppet and a senior citizen battle it out with telekinesis and neon signs.
A professional production with quality actors that simply never touched the heart or the funny bone no matter how hard it tried. The quality cast, stark setting and excellent cinemetography made you hope for Fargo or High Plains Drifter but sorry, the soup had no seasoning...or meat for that matter. A 3 (of 10) for effort.
This movie put me to sleep. Classic example of how you can garner up all the great talent. But, with no script and bad direction, it just goes down the drain. Just keep walking past this one..... I was especially surprised since this group of actors usually is pretty picky about what they sign up for.
Don't even think about watching this movie. I did and I would find it very difficult to find a worse film than this. It was long, drawn out, poorly acted (even by Louis Gossett Jr) and the special effects were laughable. Unfortunately, a lot of people will buy this by mistake (my wife included). Just don't...
A trio of detestable hoodlums - Steele, Lomax and Billy - beat a man to death, torment a convenience store employee and after arriving at an isolated farmhouse keep a weird girl and her grandfather hostage. This film is also known as The California Axe Massacre which is strange considering it was filmed in North Carolina.
An early big screen effort for Landon(along with the unforgettable "I was a Teenage Werewolf") this is a pedestrian effort at best. Obviously put out to capitalize on the popularity of the Kingston Trio hit, in this incarnation, Dooley, who is being un-justly pursued by the law, accidentally kills his true love. In short-good song-bad movie!
I found it so confusing and just utterly disappointing. Do something else with your time. Read the book because that truly is a masterpiece. I guess I was just really upset that the movie is a total farce and that it distorts the book and makes the characters seem really week and oblivious to their lifestyles.
A pseudo-documentary that features such appalling acting that it ends up less convincing than Soviet propaganda of the 1950's. A nice try, but even the early interviews with the supposed witnesses and the law enforcement officers are just too relaxed to be realistic. Anyone who's watched real documentaries about murders will spot it soon enough.
Either I wasn't paying enough attention or the plot was too smart for me, but I just couldn't understand what was going on in this movie most of the time. Problem is, it's not good enough in other aspects to warrant a second viewing by someone just to get everything straight. Long, muddled and unengaging. (*1/2)
It had some laughs, but overall the motivation of the characters was incomprehensible. Why should they be mad at men for cheating when they sleep with all sorts of married men themselves? Very hypocritical. Their lives are messed up because they messed them up with stupid choices. I had no empathy for any of these women.
I remember this movie from tv when I was a kid. Terrific music, "My Ship Has Sails". I believe written by Kurt Weill. Would love to see this again and definitely own on VHS or DVD. Would put it right next to my copy of "One Touch of Venus". They don't make movies like this anymore unfortunately.
Touching, well-paced, sad, uplifting, absorbing. Good acting, good writing. Lots of meaning, lots of symbolism, but never in your face, never tiring. Mystical stuff that's presented well and believably. A movie at once so ambitious and so real and so well-done...there just aren't very many in its league. Action, love, adventure, drama, striking images, succinct dialog. Amazing.
Lots of karate antics, action, and lovely ladies as 2 Jackie Chans' try to outfox a band of hooligans intent of their demise. Slapstick humor all the way as Chan escapes one impossible to escape mess after another. This was a funny film, but it got a little trying at times keeping up with who was who.
Pure suspense and entertainment in "Suddenly!" Sinatra superb as was the complete cast. Excellent direction by Lewis Allen. The formula, of course, is hostages held in terror by gunmen with Sinatra as their leader. He is going to snipe the president from the window of the captives house. Certainly one of the better Film Noir productions.
Agent Under Fire is the best 1st Person Shoot I've ever played! Graphics are awesome, gameplay is intuitive and there are so many features and it's so much fun you just don't get bored! Each time I play each level it becomes even more fun and I always discover something new every time! Definitely buy this game!!!
Few movies are made that are so flawless. Perfect in: casting, directing, editing, content, costumes, and background music. All performances are believable and the diction is as clear as if it were an American made movie. The main character "Victoria" is played by Victoria Hamilton whose ability to express feelings without speaking is Oscar winning quality plus.
Lucky break is one of those rare movies that basically went straight to DVD and one you rent if you've got a coupon from Blockbuster. Pay the $3.00 bucks and you won't be disappointed. I found the story completely original and an unpredictable but great ending. *** out of 4 P.S Watch the ending credits.
I saw this movie when it came out. A great story about 3 surfers growing up in California. When it made the rounds on HBO back in the early 80's, I made it a point to watch it every time. There is nothing like sitting on your board waiting for the perfect wave.......A cult favorite of mine!
This is really great movie, but to get every single joke one must not only remember "Pulp Fiction" well (and other classic movies), but also be a Pole, or at least live in Poland for a few years :-). But it's worth seen, if I give this movie 10, for a foreigner it'll be at least 8.
This makes reality TV funnier. I like the redneck man, he made me want to spit in his taco too. Good movie, simple but powerful ideas and arguments. Not for everyone, my wife hated it. She does not like the homo, it is not a common Latino thing. But I will rent it again someday to laugh.
Like a children's history lesson. Nothing worse than redundant dialogue that has to set the scene to save time. Two Yogi-isms in the first scene and then we don't hear from him again. Sort of like name dropping. Never been a Yankee fan and the depiction of the boorish Yankee fans and team have sealed their fate.
I had the pleasure of seeing the world premiere of this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. It is a wonderfully funny movie with a great performance by Colm Meaney. The script borrows from a Chinese story, but is placed in Ireland. The film is well-paced, beautifully shot, and includes wonderful performances by all involved.
This is a great movie for kids AND adults. It was a thrill a minute with a lot of laughs. I've never been on the Disney ride, but the movie has made me very curious about it, and will probably make a trip to Disney next year. This movie is a great advertisement for their theme park!
Very intriguing, kept me on the edge of my seat, the plot was different, it is worth watching. Adrian Paul did a great job with his role. Cynthia Preston is a great actress and of course Christopher Lloyd is fantastic. It took time to get the plot, but in the end it was worth it.
Meryl Streep as usual does a good job of characterization. She is a different person in each film she does. She was a Ellen Brokovich type. Too smart for the job she was in. The ending was pretty weak, tho'. Also as a non-smoker, all the constant smoking made me sick. But again, that was pretty realistic.
The story it's so stupid that you can't feel that this movie can be truth... and the acting is so bad that it's makes a really bad movie.. and the end it's really worse, see it and you will see what i'm saying. 4/10 stars only for samuel l. jackson performance. Milla do a really bad acting.
This film is a perfect adaptation of PAco Ibáñez characters. Mortadelo, Filemon, Professor Bacterio, The Super, Ofelia, Rompeteños, people from RUE 13 PERCEBE are perfectly represented. Story and development take all the topics of the comic. Pepe Viyuela and Benito Pocino are credible and incredible as the worst couple of secret agent in the history of T.I.A.
a riot. literally. there's little more that can be done to a gas station maintaining good taste. the single location of this film has thoroughly been put to use. every development only escalates the level of trouble the four antiheroes get themselves in, and its exhilirating to see them face every new challenge with the same bravura.
This movie was nuts! I've never seen so many beatings in one movie. This one lived up to every expectation. Beware taking a girlfriend along though. If you like anarchic wackiness and don't mind a complete willingness on the part of the film makers to throw in whatever they think would be cool or fun, see it.
maura tierney is great in this thriller. i usually dont watch alot of "scary movies" but i really enjoy this one. the plot had a lot of twists and turns and just when you thought it was over it took another one. the mind games that were played and ending really stick in your head. wonderful film.
I only watched this movie because of Adrien Brody and Moira Tierney of ER fame. Adrien Brody literally stole this movie with his chilling and riveting portrayal of a kidnapper. I never expected this caliber of acting in what I consider a B-grade movie. I can now look forward to seeing him in THE PIANIST...he is awesome.
I ordered this movie from amazon.com and wasn't disappointed. It isn't wonderful, but it's thoroughly entertaining, pretty scary, and Adrian Brody's character was fascinating. He and Maura Tierney both did excellent jobs in this film, although Maura Tierney's character was slightly less developed. The plot is well crafted and the movie is engaging. I recommend this movie.
I cought this movie on late nigth television, and it really grabbed me. I never knew the name untill I found it here. I was impressed by the simplicity and the fact that I never actually got bored of seeing the lead actress walking through corridors. It's a realistic movie, low budget and i really liked it.
Managing to be both frightening and classy, this is a nerve-wracking experience. Masterfully written and directed by Bernard Rose, the film creates its own fascinating mythology, which, given the fact that it was based on a Clive Barker story, isn't much of a surprise. Much better than the resultant sequels, this is one not to be missed.
I have seen the movie for the first time back in 1995. I found it delightfully funny, great entertainment. Yes, the plot is a bit on the complex side, over-elaborated and somewhat predictable and yes, the content might be questionable, but the movie combined some characters into a pretty entertaining entity. Not Oscar material, but definitely enjoyable.
Ever since I saw this movie when it first came out, I have loved it. Okay, so it's about a boy who wants his dad to marry this hooker. But, once you get past that, it's really a cute movie. If you are in the mood to watch a fun movie, this would be a great choice.
Many people find John Waters' early films endearing and funny. I find them rather sad in a way. The acting is so bad, the story is worse, and the famed lobster scene I have heard about for years was not worth the wait. Give me "Cry Baby" anyday. Space Maggot writhes in agony and vomits a 2.
I really liked this show, I even bought the whole set on dvd I liked it so much. I think it was just as good, if not better than the sopranos,and it had a lot of twists and it was not predictable at all. Overall, I think this is one of the best shows I've ever watched.
This is a great movie fit for adults and kids. It is space exploration with a twist. Kids band together and make a space ship of their own, and you'll enjoy their trip through space and the comedy involved in meeting a new, alien culture. It's a must see for anyone who likes comedy or sci-fi. Enjoy!!
Average family comedy/drama movie that had a great cast but average story/screenplay.The script was above average though and the performances was also good.The cinematography was bad and so was the lighting.Story deals with adultery and the trials of fixing a marriage after the affair.Nothing spectacular.Only for family soap comedy/drama fans and big fans of the lead actors.....
When oh when will this miniseries become available on video or DVD? At least let HBO rebroadcast it so I can make a copy. It is as close to excellent a view of its topic as I have ever seen and a great tool for use in a substance abuse recovery program. (I am a drug counselor.)
This film is available on video as "Scalpel", and it's quite interesting. Lansing is a crazed plastic surgeon who makes a disfigured dancer look like his missing daughter to claim a $2 million dollar inheritance. However, things get complicated when the real daughter reappears. Some interesting plot twists and decent acting makes this mystery worth a look.
Being in the U.S. Army, I tend to favor military movies. This movie shows what our Veterans went through, and it lets people know what kind of heros we have in the military. Audie Murphy, being the most decorated man in WWII, is a military idol. I truly enjoyed watching Audie Murphy as himself in this movie.
As a female I rarely watch action films, but The Bad Pack is fun from beginning to end. The film has great characters as well as an exciting and often funny narrative. The Bad Pack doesn't take itself too seriously. The writer/director obviously has his tongue firmly planted in cheek. This film should have recieved more attention.
I thought that overall the movie was pretty good. A lot of action was in it and not much plot, for what it was I think that the movie turned out really good. Plus I'm a fan of Catherine Bell so I have to say she did a really good job as Lt. Cmdr. Lisa Stark! >
I thought that overall the movie was pretty good. A lot of action was in it and not much plot, for what it was I think that the movie turned out really good. Plus I'm a fan of Catherine Bell so I have to say she did a really good job as Lt. Cmdr. Lisa Stark! >
Daffy Duck claims to be Robin Hood to Friar Tuck (Porky Pig). Tuck wants to join Robin Hood and to prove to Friar Tuck Daffy will steal some gold from a rich man and give it to a poor man. There are a couple of laughs, in the end mostly, but overall it is not that funny.
OK, so as far as plots go, nothing too dramatic here, but I agree, I can't take my eyes off of Jennifer Simon's amazingly tight body as it struggles to get free. I could have watched her for hours on end! Loved the ending, about time we women come out the hero! Bravo! How about a sequal?
This movie is the perfect example of why people who have no talent should ever produce again. Obviously this movie hasn't even got a distributor, even Ed Wood knew how to make a bad movie good. This one just starts bad and ends that way. I don't understand how the producer would hire such an inept director/writer.
THANK YOU,Tarzan for ruining my 13 year streak of never seeing a bad movie in the theatre. Wow..this one just SUCKED. With the exception of a few well done action sequences this one had no hope of being good at all. Awful acting and just a generally dumb plot really ruined the name of Tarzan for me..
The story it's so stupid that you can't feel that this movie can be truth... and the acting is so bad that it's makes a really bad movie.. and the end it's really worse, see it and you will see what i'm saying. 4/10 stars only for samuel l. jackson performance. Milla do a really bad acting.
I love a good drama and this one left nothing to be desired. Ms. Crawford was in rare form. Her tongue was that of a wasp (Stinging and painful). Her wardrobe was fit for a queen and her performance was royal. The southern accents needed a little work, but all in all, Queen Bee was very good.
A word of warning: don't get caught up in the quest for an explanation about how a man could possibly speak to his father in the past. Obviously this kind of exchange is impossible so take my advice and don't worry about it, just watch the movie and enjoy it at face value, you won't be disappointed.
I've been wanting to watch this film for quite a while now. I finally got the opertunity and i have to say its a work of art. It will make you cry you and keep you doing so for the whole movie. It was definately worth the time, its a must see. Everyone should watch this movie.
This movie was unbelievably BAD. Not cool bad but bad bad. There was only one thing that made this movie worth wasting two hours watching it and that is Paul Walker!!! Although he's only in it the first part of the movie, you won't miss much if you just watch his scenes and turn the movie off!!!
We were flipping channels on tv and came across this movie.. It drew us in with its complete lack of purpose and continuity. I have watched hardcore pornography with better acting and plots. If I ever happen to meet the person who wrote and directed this crap I would demand the two hours of my life back.
Ok, so all of the budget, talent and creativity for this flick went into the design of the movie rental box and there was none left on the screen. The award for the most talented performer in this sorry mess goes to the gun which I prayed would shoot ME and put me out of my misery.
Roberto is superb once more! Roberto did a fabulous job as The Son Of The Pink Panther adding not only humor, but giving it an wonderfully amusing and unique touch deliverable only by him. I recommend this movie not only to Mr. Benigni's fans, but to all who are seeking a laugh with a pink panther twist.
Don't know why you've given so low score to this movie.... eventhough it's for tv only i think it's one of the most serious movies of the new generation it deals with the most scary subject of our ages "EASY MONEY" I've just loved it...... give to "Big shot" a second shot plz c ya :D
Lets face it folks, how un-original can you be? Little Bears that live up in the clouds that come down to help those who have stopped caring? Now lets send these Bears down to "South Park" and watch and see what will happen. Or to put it one way, "Look out Ned they're coming right for us."
This is quite simply the worst movie I've ever seen, barring low-budge horror flicks. For a big-budget film, this is the bottom of the barrel. The acting is atrocious; the music is lousy even though it is Grieg. The attempts to put lyrics to Grieg's music is ludicrous. As pretty as a postcard and just as interesting!
Racial tensions are already at a fever pitch, when a tiny black girl disappears. A white traveler, passing thru is suspected. This is a grim, gripping tale of bigotry and redemption. Morgan is outstanding as the sympathetic white traveler who ultimately is the town's salvation. Without a doubt, Morgan should have received the Oscar for this one!
My favorite B-movie. If you're a referential person you'll be quoting lines from this movie into your golden years. "Head! Pants now!" I also love the cameos of Allan Arkin, Steven Wright, Phil Hartman and especially Charles Grodin. I can't tell you how many people don't realize Mike Myers plays the role of the Father in addition.
First saw this made for TV film back in the 1970s when I was about the same age as the little girl in the movie.I wasn't able to understand it properly at the time,but the ghost theme captured my imagination.I found it very appealing and intriguing when I saw it again much later on as an adult.
Why would any1 want to make this movie? It is so god awful I can't even explain. I have never seen such a joke of a film before in my life. Even if you gave Steven Speilberg the directing job and Brian Grazer produce it would still be a sucker. It should be burned and forgotten forever.
I believe this movie helped some young adults to understand that a "physical disability" doesn't make that person a "monster". I know the movie was sad but it also had a good message. In "real" life we encounter people with disabilities and if we can learn to be compassionate it will make this world a better place.
This series remains vivid in my memory, no matter it was 1976 when it first was shown on PBS! It led me to become interested in ancient Roman history. It also introduced me to the fine British actor, Derek Jacobi. It's been interesting to watch his career and to see what a versatile actor he truly is.
I enjoyed this film, even though I didn't expect to. The minor characters were hammy and unconvincing, but once on the boat the three main characters were very good, particularly Patsy Kensit and Elizabeth Hurley. However, the women's behavior was absolutely incomprehensible to me. I think the screenplay needed more background on their characters. A surprise ending.
I saw this movie and it was not a successful one but i liked it because it was O.K. and fun also and it is fun just for who have seen Garcea before and know who is he so you should see this movie i am not a fan of romanian movies but this movie is O.K.
Martin Scorsese directs this highly acclaimed bore fest. Elaborate costumes and sets, but a story line that offers very little. A high society lawyer(Daniel Day-Lewis)in mid 1800s New York City falls in love with his intended's(Wynona Ryder)cousin(Michelle Pfieffer). A long time to wait for nothing to happen. Sorry Mr. Scorsese, just not enough to keep us awake.
While this is not as good as Seth Macfarlane's other work, LARRY AND STEVE is still pretty funny. I especially like Steve. He was hilarious. I didn't like Larry that much though. This is one of the best cartoons I have ever seen on the WHAT A CARTOON SHOW!!! Too bad it wasn't turned into a series.
There are some similarities between the story of "Frühling auf dem Eis" and that of "Das Kind der Donau". But the ice dancing in "Frühling auf dem Eis", especially that of top star Eva Pawlik, is beyond all doubt more interesting that Marika Rökk´s dancing. Besides, Pawlik who was world-famous at that time, is a better actress.
The acting is lousy and (at least in the version I saw) the dubbing is abysmal. This supposed 50s-style teen angst comedy is best viewed really late at night so that the rotten acting and putrid storyline can fight with the pathetic 50s music soundtrack in sending you to sleep. Against this, "Porky's" deserved an Oscar.
This terrible flick is simply beyond bad.The plot is not interesting and stupid,the acting is atrocious,the special effects are fake(I found here possibly the lamest throat-slashing ever)and there is absolutely no suspense,no thrills.This poorly made,miserable movie is not even funny in some campy ways.To sum up,I wouldn't recommend this ridiculous mess.You should learn from my mistake.My evaluation:2/10.
There is one great scene with Gary Oldman And Ving Rhames where they talk about conscience. That scene is almost worth the price of the rental. Besides that scene the whole movie is piled with cliches and underwritten characters. The chase scene near the end looks like a car commercial. I give a a ** star rating
Awful, awful film. The direction (Leguizamo) was choppy, the storyline jumped ALL over the joint, the acting (with the exception of Leguizamo himself) was absolutley horrible, and the fight scenes looked as if they were filmed in slow motion. I think Lequizamo is a fine actor and performer, but this was an absolute disgrace of the film.
"Maniac Cop" is made with enough skill to be watchable, but don't look for anything even remotely original or creative here. It's formulaic stuff, just another pretty basic slice-and-dice entry. It probably had been a quite ambitious project, with an indestructible killer in the Michael Myers - Freddy Krueger tradition, but the result is thoroughly routine. (*1/2)
I can't believe that this crap made it to dvd before the original Christy series did. The Kellie Martin series was real, the emotions real. This series is something that came straight from hell. Practically unwatchable by any fan of the original series. Avoid like the plague!!! 3/10 Quality: 0/10 Entertainment: 3/10 Replayable: 0/10
I have walked out of very few films in my lifetime. I would have gladly added this film to the list. However, my wife liked the scenery of the SF Bay Area, perhaps the film's sole redeeming value if you can get past the geographic implausibilities (which I couldn't.) A waste of time and Jason Biggs' talent.
Are there really 30 people in the world who think this appallingly acted film is a 10? Are they allowed to vote and drive cars? John Sayles has written and directed some of my favourite movies, but his head must have been in the toilet (along with that plunger in the tedious first scene) for this one.
none of the stories were very interesting, none of them drew me in or made me care about anyone in them. it was very implausible and unrealistic. very choppy. and nothing was resolved at all. very predictable. i loved 'grace of my heart' but this one was very disappointing. john taylor looks great though, god bless him...
Oh, this is such a bad movie! Not even the formidable acting talents of Walken & Dafoe can save this film. I've really enjoyed Abel Ferrara films in the past (especially Bad Lieutenant (1992) and King of New York (1990)) but this film just does not work. The film is both convoluted and boring, a lethal combination.
This exploitive piece of garbage has the look of either a bad T.V movie or a porn flick. Misty Rowe (the name sounds like a stripper) portrays Norma Jean as an idiot bordering on mental retardation. The script is terrible. The acting sucks. Marilyn Monroe would roll over in her grave if she ever saw this movie.
This was almost exactly like a run-of-the-mill porn movie (except there was precious little porn in it, except for at couple of bare-boobs shots), what with the incredibly bad acting, utterly pointless plot and ridiculous scenes completely unrelated to the rest of the story (case in point: the singing hippie priest) Avoid at all cost! 1/10
This is exactly a film for the people who think that film history starts with Pulp Fiction. It's a cliche-ridden crime story with supposedly cool dialogues and sudden lapses into sentimentality. If one can watch Christopher Walker doing his psycho thing for umpteenth time and can buy Steve Buscemi as ruthless hitman, then one might enjoy it.
I wonder why this flick get R-rating.Yes,it has two nice sex scenes and nothing more.No gore,no real suspense,no intresting plot-everything here is so boring and lame,that after watching one hour of this crap I felt asleep.Please,I beg of you,if you find this title collecting dust somewhere, don't rent it.I give it 1.5, maybe 2 out of 10.
I think this movie was a completely horrid waste of my time. I honestly believe that I have never seen a more depressing, purposeless movie in my entire life. The movie also has absolutely no closure to it whatsoever. I will never understand what purpose the egg held in the movie aside from making the viewers angry.
This movie was very basic in the sense that nothing was developed in every sense of a plot . There was no conflicts in the story really. Let me just say that there was no beginning, middle, or end . And when it was over you felt like all you did was watch nothing evolve into nothing.
now this little notice is based on the dubbed version I cannot recommend it as the voices are in current english idioms & coming out of the mouths of people from over 1000 yrs ago is pure ludicrous. It is possible if I saw this with sub-titles i would of liked it better Thanks
This is no Oscar Winner its a Michael Winner.and its one of his worse this is a very phoney movie.It doesnt work as a thriller.it comes across as a womans death wish.Except no Woman would get into such silly adventures.its insultingly bad.Some truly vulgar scenes.Obviously some of the actors needed to pay the rent.1 out of 10
This movie has a good concept, but it is ruined by Sarandon's horrible performance. She is forever latched into playing herself, a foul mouthed, small minded individual to whom the world must constantly adapt and cater to. Just like her other meager performances, and something to avoid, unless you like discarding two hours of your life frivolously.
Josh(Jacob Tierney)and Sam(Noah Fleiss)are brothers upset with the news of their parents splitting. They cope with taking off on the road and meeting up with the affable Martha Plimpton. This movie is scattered with comedic situations, but not enough to make for a memorable movie. Also in the cast are: Stephen Tobolowsky, Joan Allen and Chris Penn.
This is supposed to be the first Norwegian slasher. It is the first norwegian movie to be worse than Dis, that's it. The makers should watch Braindead and Cannibal Holocaust and learn what a slasher is. I have no words to describe how much this suck. And now my waste of time on this POS is up.
This latest entry into straight-to-TV videos sees Tom Skerrit running for his life when disaster hits New York City. Another predictable, pretentious natural disaster "thriller" made for TV, "Earthquake in New York" does nothing we have not seen before, and accomplishes zip. Boring from start to finish. 1.5/5 stars - John Ulmer
I expected this movie to be kind of hackneyed to begin with, but the overall package of "Down to You" was beyond my worst expectations. Budding young starts are thrown in haphazardly as sex, drugs, and alcohol take center stage. The whole film is an insult to my age bracket -- save your money on this one.
A film reviewer said it best, "Chris O'Donnell has a nose for comic timing that should be pressed to the a** of a farmyard animal." I would only add that those who find this movie "cute" or "funny" should be forced to watch it over and over again with their eyes taped open a la "Clockwork Orange".
Not THAT boring, but not an Emmy winner either. It's basically the kind of film you'd expect to see on Cinemax at about 1 AM. I've never seen either of the main actresses in this film in anything else, which is somewhat disappointing. They're both EXTREMELY hot, and Kim Yates is quite a good actress as well.
This is so bad it isn't even funny. I think it must have been written by an unintelligent child. It really is quite unbelievable how poorly-made this film is. It actually has a good cast, but it is one of those films that you can't understand why it got made at all. Best line: "MIB meet TNT"!
The movie goes in circles and the actors and actresses must have been loathing to do perform in it that anyone could take it seriously. One of the big stinkers, BUT well worth watching the first third to Irene Hervey, surely one of the most beautiful women in her day, in a very form-fitting leather, sharkskin gown.
Worthless boring, disgusting garbage. The title says it all, the operative word being "Shit." It's amazing that any video store would pick up a steaming pile like this, when so many other worthwhile films never get picked up. Of course, I live in smalltown Indiana, so that's most of the problem right there. This is offensive trash...
I didn´t enjoy the film at all. There was too many things in the film that didn´t match the story in the book. Bille August has taken himself too many liberties changing the story all the time. The entire book was based on Smilla´s thoughts, dreams and memories. Things which August totally failed to express.
This movie was weird, twisted, and made little sense. Some scenes were too disturbing to even watch. The ending did not reveal any truths to me, only more mystery as to what on earth really happened. The young college girl was a pointless part of the story that did not even begin to seem like a subplot.
City by the Sea is so full of bad 70's cop tv show melodrama it was might distract the audience from De Niro's disappointing performance or the insanely cliche setups, for a few minutes anyway. With plot holes big enough to drive a formation of tanks through I really wonder if De Niro even read the script.
Bearing in mind the directors and cast involved, Four Rooms was a huge disappointment. Tim Roth gives a bizarre central performance which, rather than coming across as quirky, is simply irritating. Robert Rodriguez' slapstick section is best by a mile, followed by Tarantino's contribution, but the rest is extremely unfunny and rather tedious. One to avoid, unfortunately.
Spy hard has its moments, especially the Weird Al song in the beginning and the parody of Home Alone. But still the movie is quite unfunny. Leslie Nielsen is again type-casted in this movie and it is too much like the Naked Gun movies. I would give this ** stars out of ***** (4 out of 10).
This was yet another weak video game based anime like Fatal Fury. The plot had more cliches per minute than almost any other anime I have seen. The animation varied from really quite nice to absolutely terrible. Even the action sequences boring. Only watch this movie if you really have nothing else. I give it a 3.
Formulaic western casts Rock Hudson in a movie that tries somehow to garner sympathy and understanding for one of the most sadistic and ruthless desperadoes of all time. John Wesley Hardin was an ugly and unrepentant mass murderer but Hollywood paints him as misunderstood and well-meaning. Historical silliness aside, the movie is fast-moving and well acted, just dumb.
Well, I think this movie was great. I like de Niro movies but this was extremely good. When I was in the cinema, in every moment the audience could laugh on a good joke. The script is fine, the actors are very, very good and the text part is well done. I recommend everyone to see this one.
This is one of my favorite Jackie Chan movies, even though it's so light and fluffy it seems ready to just float off into thin air at any moment. Jackie is just a delight to watch playing the two separated-at-birth twins, and the final brawl at the auto-testing plant is a terrific example of Chan's amazing physical comedy.
Good sets and use of the everglades.Cooper is once again the ipitome of what a hero should be ,underplaying ,but shows what a superb cinema actor he was by seemingly doing very little but conveying through facial and body language all that is necessary. Good filmic acting is so different from the stage and this man had it!
Sometimes everything goes wrong with a movie and that it is the case for this one, bad casting, bad script with a potentially good story. Eduardo Noriega whom has always being a good looking actor rather than a worthy actor shows why is so popular amongs his fans, but you better stick to Thesis or Open your eyes
Very compelling, an extremely touching ending with a great speech from the old Chinese man and touching speech about why Phoebe Cates doesn't like Christmas. Plenty of black humour to enjoy from the gremlins themselves and the old lady flying out of window. Character development for some of the characters not great but can be overlooked. Overall 10/10
Well, the film is not that bad, I would give it a four. It has a few interesting scenes in it, and shows a lot of nudity to cover its low budget. Nothing great here, but watchable. It is like a Manix rerun, I would watch it out of boredom. In the end I give it a 4/10.
Mr Almodovar shows once again that he is the master of the camera as it peers inside the female psyche. This film also allows us to look inside the male psyche, without the cliches and judgements that spoil so many other attempts. Another good film by a great master. I eagerly await his next work. Carlo Infante
The Spanish cinema is often overlooked and under-appreciated. Yet a tradition of Spanish cinema has brought to us so much wimsycal treatment of traditional subjects, including religion (a reaction to a strict religious conservative tradition). A truly great film in the post-apocolyptic setting in the modern-day Madrid. As a student of Almodovar, De Iglesias has done his homework.
I have seen numerous film adaptations of Les Miserables. This 1957 French version (directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois) is the best one I have ever seen. I watched the version that was produced by The Bridgestone Group in 1992 with English audio (ISBN# 1-56371-044-7). It aligns closely with the plot of the novel, and the cinematography is outstanding.
This sensational boxing film introduced a rougher and tougher Robert Taylor to 1938 audiences, the result of a well-publicized body building regimen under the personal supervision of Max Baer. Taylor plays Tommy McCoy, a handsome boxer who has to contend with the mob, his drunken father, and the prospect of having his perfect pan punched to a pulp.
This is by far the best animated version of the Dickens classic. The renderings and animation are dark and mysteriously sketch-like, with none of the shiny flatness that mars most commercial animation. And the script is amazingly faithful in tone to the original. It's sometimes difficult to find on videotape, but it is well worth the effort.
The Haunted Mansion is a film for the hole family, which as we know is based on the Disneyland ride, fact that had me expecting nothing from it! but any way, it resulted to be pretty amazing, Eddie Murphy's performance is good and funny as well as the plot that ended up being really entertaining, go see it!!!
Fabulous Movie. I suggest watching this cult epidemic in order too, and yes you either love it or hate it! Many well defined and colourful characters all with a key role in a movie that just keeps you glued to the screen. Many great one-liners too, a definate must see, although perhaps not your average family movie!
This is one of my favorite movies of all times. And the best version of Scott's tale as of yet. A+ for the professional and highly convincing cast, the costumes, the beautiful scenery, and the 'rich' plot. A good drama, a great epic, and a romance in times of chivalry and honor (i.e., in extinct times!).
i liked this movie. in it, gwyneth paltrow plays helen, who becomes pregnant and moves in with jackson, played by johnathon schaech, and his mother. everything takes off from there. im not telling what happens, but its a good movie. i give it 6 and a half stars outta ten. if you have the money, go rent it.
OK, who guessed that Steve Buscemi's directorial debut would be a quiet little story about small-town ice cream van drivers hanging out in the pub? No-one? Thought not. A tiny, magical little film, this oozes more charm than you'd have thought possible. You'd like to see a sequel just to find out what happens to these guys next.
Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is disappointing. In trying to differentiate the movie from a typical Sesame Street episode, the creators produced a dull generic children's movie that lacks both the educational and entertainment qualities of the TV series. The movie also lacks any spontaneity and the genuine-feel often found with the small children on the television show.
Absolutely a great movie. I really enjoyed watching Ben play his role as steven carter. I loved the setting where like other teens today, who can confide with a close friend and not their parents. this can be a lesson to all parents out there. Listen to what your child is trying to tell you. Listen and understand.
This movie is one of my all time favorites. im going to go buy the dvd of this. i wont give a summary of this movie, just to tell you to go out and see it. its worth it, and i dont know what that last person was on that commented, but their wrong. THIS MOVING IS AMAZING!
I strongly disagree that people say this film is rubbish because it is my favourite film. Dan Aykroyd plays a great role in Getting Away With Murder. All through the film we are unsure what is coming next. If you like serious films this is a film for you. In my views it gets 10 out of 10.
Not a big budget thriller but it kept the action at a pretty intense clip. Most Low Budget films suck. This one was damn cool and I really got into the story. A couple of the Actors could have been a bit better but the main one's did a believable job. Good looking film too. Rock On. Thx
Hey, Quikstraw ... done u thin u better find ol Snagglepuss before u go kabonggin all over dee place? The best Hanna Barbera cartoon ever. Period. Paragraph. End of story. Thank God for the Cartoon Network Super Chunks so I can tape hours upon hours of Quick Draw. El Kabong got me through graduate school.
This story is charming and refreshingly uncontrived. Imaginative whimsy fills a tale that takes the viewer into a land overlaid by myth. The soundtrack is one of my personal favorites, filled with authentic Irish music. I highly recommend this for viewers interested in a movie that's a little different from the norm, but is still rich, innocent fun.
This is one of my favourite videos in my collection. Jon English is fantastic as the Pirate King, and Simon Gallaher, Helen Donaldson and Derek Metzger all perform outstandingly. With great comedy and audience interaction thrown in, it is a joy to watch over and over again. I only wish I'd been able to see the show live!
Twin Falls Idaho is kind of like the new "The Elephant Man." Except, Twin falls is superior to Elephant in almost every way. The Polish Bros. debut film is a film of great brilliance and triumph. The film is heartbreaking, but it never milks its tears unfairly. If there are any faults, it's the film's length. Worth seeing.
Maigret is looking after a women killer in Paris. It's the occasion to see some places from the old Paris. Jean Gabin is really fit for the role of Maigret. Hopefully it's not a movie where the whole action takes place in a police office. In that film you can also see a young beginner named Lino Ventura.
Chris Columbus has another hit on his hands. Robin Williams gives his usual first rate performance, along with Sam Neil and Embeth Davidtz. They highlight a well cast movie that will pull at your heart strings more than once, in a tale written by Isaac Asimov that brings a lot of human emotion to this science fiction piece.
There aren't many films that I can't find *something* good about to mention, but this is one. Waste of an evening. Story that is sometimes weird, sometimes just bad. I can't be sure what point the director/author was trying to make with this one. Locations, sets, dialog, plot, music, all lackluster. At least it wasn't two hours long!
Fine, entertaining movie of the famous sea battle between 3 smaller British warships versus the great German Pocket Battleship "Graf Spee". Tremendous sea scenes , aided by the fact that most of the original ships which fought the actual battle are used in the movie. Well acted all-round with Peter Finch doing a fine job as Captain Langsdorf.
Brilliant movie, Night Of The Living Dead is by far one of the greatest movies ever made. I think even though the budget was low and the overall quality of the film was rather primitive by today's standards, the "feel" of the movie is what made such an impact on me and everyone else who has watched it!
The threat of terrorists in India meshed with mild romance is the summary of this movie. Roja(the rose) the heroine is an innocent girl whose newly wed husband gets kidnapped by Pakistani terrorists. The story revolves around how she runs from pillar to post to get her husband freed. The movie is quite intense in the later parts.
I like this movie very much. That is because I am a sucker for a good romantic comedy. And this is a good movie. Harris and Griffith did an excellent job. I am not a big fan of Griffiths but in this movie she does an excellent job of portraying a person who has never been loved.
My words will be few. I feel this is one of the truest forms of science fiction that I have seen in a movie. It is dark and strange yet very much deals with real issues. This movie should leave the viewer with much to think about. A truely great movie. I have been waiting for it's equal.
Kingpin has some of the worst writing of this genre. The dialogue is insipid. How the critics compared this miniseries to the Sopranos or even Shakespeare is unbelievable. For a superior show watch The Shield. I hope they do not pick up this series and reward utter dreck. Obviously studio hacks are giving this show the great reviews.
Truly a horrible movie. Except for one thing: Donna D. looked incredible. I couldn't get enough of her and her three sizes too small t-shirts. With that said though, this was one lame horror movie with no substance, flair, or even good gore/special effects. Don't waste your time with this one. Unless of course you're a Donna fan..........
Hilarious film with a darker side that sometimes pokes through, especially in its serious moments. This is classic Walter Matthau, and classic Jackie Earle Haley, too! (Love that air hockey scene!) It reminds me of my childhood, and not many movies do. I can watch this film a dozen times and never get tired of it.
I stumbled across this on late night TV and found myself laughing...a lot. A shining example of the uplifting wartime movie genre. Diana Lynn and Betty Hutton are great. All have perfect comedic timing proving ensemble cast concept is a timeless strategy. The lamb stew gag became a standing joke for along time amongst my crowd for years.
This is one of the rare kungfu movies ever made in Hong Kong. Nothing is boring here : interesting script, direct and efficient scenery, good acting. But what makes this movie so good is the fight scenes that are inventively and beautifully choreographed. Not only it's very good but it's also very hard-to-find. Dammage.
I was in AWWW, the whole time I was watching it. After seeing the series then the movie, this is the best Gundam series ever. The music was exquisite, the animation was one of the best I've ever seen. You have to see the 49-episode series before you watch this excellent movie. It will take your breath away.
Beautifully executed drama that rouses the soul. Excellently potrayed film of lonely men in a small village in Spain. I congratulate Luis Tossar for his acting and the rest of the cast are excellent also. The echoing silent atmosphere touched my soul of the loneliness and desperation of these characters. A film I could watch and watch again.
This is such a wonderful movie. I saw it for the first time in September of this year and remember thinking that this is such a great movie why hadn't I heard of it. It is a very touching story that made me laugh and made me cry. I hardly never cry at movies. This movie is special.
This is such a wonderful movie. I saw it for the first time in September of this year and remember thinking that this is such a great movie why hadn't I heard of it. It is a very touching story that made me laugh and made me cry. I hardly never cry at movies. This movie is special.
Ford is at his peak here, and so is cinematographer Toland. The interiors of the ship are claustrophobic, and the cast is excellent. Wayne is first billed, but the cast is mostly ensemble. The first half drags here and there, but the final twist is so sad you forget the few faults. I give this voyage a 9.
This movie had the characteristics of a B-movie, but had a very good plot. Jeff Fahey put on a very good role & the bad guy had a big ego. The fact that I didn't fall a sleep watching this movie after a hard days work, proofs it's not that bad at all & it's really worth watching.
This movie is straight pimp. Guns, chicks, chicks with guns, hoes, players, white cops getting spanked by black chicks who carry guns, deals, dopes, drive-bys, cripples and just about everything you want in a movie. Pure visceral fun. If you aren't down for the thrill of this movie go rent a Jimmy Stewart flick and bring your Wonderbread.
Utterly fascinating movie that doesn't go for the Hollywood ending (ala "Dances with Wolves"). Purportedly from the diaries of Cabeza de Vaca, a treasurer for Charles the Fifth of Spain, the film goes from the brutal realism of war to a mystical tour of Indian life to the sad reality of Spanish conquest. This film is a must-see.
I found the film to be pleasingly acted and very well crafted. It seems to set out as an old fashioned "who dunnit, mystery plot, blackmail plot,etc" but with very modern twists. The director really hit the mark. The ending was excellent, in its own right, understated, but still able to put its point across towards its audience.
I'm not a huge science fiction fan, but I love this show. It's a great comedy with spaceships, planets, and alternate dimensions as simple backdrops. The characters are extremely likeable and the situations are very funny. Unfortunately, this show is hard to see in the states, but if you have a chance, WATCH IT! You won't be disappointed.
The only non famous movie on my top 25 list is Queens logic. I dont know why I relate to this movie. Its got a little of everything I like in a movie- comedy, male bonding or whatever you call it, good music, romance, fighting, pain, and a host of other things. Not to mention the incredible cast.
Great fun if you've ever felt a prisoner of your own home, except this one actually talks back, is real jealous, and has a homicidal streak. They don't show you this stuff in those "Own your piece of America" bank comercials where the idyllic young couple works out the financial details with the oh so nice bank manager.
This adaptation of an off broadway play, about two friends living in New Jersey and looking for love in all the wrong places, features great acting by Juliet Lewis, Geena Rowlands, and Uma Thurman. Thurman, especially, is great and, alone, worth the price of admission (or rental). This is nother coup for HBO in producing meaningful indie films.
A reasonably entertaining jungle action turkey. The plot has something to do with with the far east drugs war, CIA, young prostitutes and mercenaries. Fluffy indeed. Lots of pyrotechnics and gunplay make this one watchable, but bad acting and tremendously bad script work in the other direction. Released on video in Finland in the early eighties.
Slaughter Studios pictured itself a horror movie--it also tried to be campy and funny--unfortunately it missed on all counts. I found it lacking on all counts--with one exception--the movie bad guy was not expected and for me was the only high point of an other wise forgettable movie. My suggestion would be to rent as a last resort
Take some zombies with a jackhammer, FBI agents, bounty hunters, an US marshal, county cops and a car thief. Throw it all into a pot, and stir. Then you get this movie. So stupid and bad made that I had to laugh at times! Only watch this movie if you have absolutely nothing else to do.
Screwed does not take itself seriously, and as a result is able to work around a script that, while witty and clever, is not exceedingly original. Norm MacDonald, plays the standard role, Dave Chappelle compliments him well, and Danny Devito plays his character as if he is the star of the show, and in many ways he is.
Unique--insightful and humane, never succumbing to the temptation to satirize the failings and fallacies evinced by the almost-too-real people the filmmaker documentarizes. And the viewer learns a surprising amount about William Tecumseh Sherman as well, a Sherman clearly admired by the filmmaker (a Southerner), who identifies with him in some characteristics. See it if you can--nothing like it.
Since American Desi "tries" to dabble with a lot of issues that are seemingly important not only to "desis"; but are actually universal, there was some expectation from the movie. The moviegoer cannot be faulted for this. But the final fare turned out to be a less than ordinary romantic "comedy", with more touch of Bollywood than warranted.
This movie is funny as hell and has tons of gore, why don't people like this? The great Chris Sarandon is also in this(Fright Night) and we get to see one of the Coreys play a fun vampire. Oh yeah, there are hundreds of hot women with breast implants running around naked and exploding. This movie is awesome!
This film could've been made only by someone with a deep love of cinema : an homage to movies, coming from the heart. It's just too bad that Colin McKenzie didn't live to see his work being appreciated ... Come to tink of it: it's just too bad that Colin didn't live at all. What a loss!
It took me the first 10-15 minutes before I realised that this wasn't a documentary, but was in fact a mockumentary. In other words it's all fiction. I loved that fact that the comments by Sam Neill, Leonard Maltin etc made it all seem so real. What a hoot. Well thought out, and well acted. Just love it.
Jet Li really packs a punch in this action farce. I believe it's his best so far...followed by the decent Romeo Must Die and the laughable disaster The One. Bridget Fonda is astounding in this movie. She is a knockout. The villain and his henchmen are magnificent. Exciting and thrilling action at it's finest. 9 out of 10.
A movie that is easy to watch, funny and fun and still allows so many big names a little early days fun. Even is Sci-Fi is not your thing, if you liked Hitchhiker's Guide and Fifth Element, you want to see this movie. This title has to come to DVD some day. When it does, get it!
Grand film, has all the elements of a greek tragedy with a socko ending. And all ends honorably. A definite 10. Story plot, character development and even the scenery. From a dance-hall to the railroad yards to a bridge under siege by flood. And Jimmy Cagney dances! How could you go wrong. Dialogue a bit 'racy' in spots.
This movie is just hilarious, It's definately the best movie Pryor or Wilder ever did. The slapstick comedy, and jokes from Pryor and Wilder still have me laughing. The plot does need some work, but it's so funny I dont even notice! If you are a fan of any of the actors in this movie, check it out.
I just saw this movie it was like a timemachine, I was back in the 80's. That was positive. The movie has the same charm and humor as in the first Dundee. So if you like Crocodile Dundee you must see this movie.. this is a good oldfashioned movie without any big special effects. See it...
i saw the film at the locarno festival and i was truly disappointed by the poor direction and the bad acting . The story doesn't hold up to anything and it's a real bore. It was not even the slightest emotional and i was really itching to see something finally happening on the screen which never really happened...
Unbelievable plot, Beggars that invest in hedge funds. But I enjoy the simplicity of the stock market, the characters are also simple but you don't care too much about that, because you're inside a story thats goes around different dramatics situations to finalize with a happy ending. Only for lovers of the 30's the golden age of hollywood.
For a first film, this shows a great deal of visual confidence. The subject matter, about the treatment of women in Taliban-era Afghanistan is, of necessity, depressing. This is a bleak, despairing film about unrelenting oppression, told with a chilling beauty, and blessed with an even, steady gaze at one of the most brutal regimes of recent times.
Well just seen it for the 3rd time DVD format. I like this movie a lot, the plot is great, the weirdness admires me and i love the ending. The other seens cut for the movie for time reasons are great and should have been there, no problem if the movie was to be some 30 minutes long.
The black and white cinematography is clear and crisp and architecturally sensual. Alfred Hitchcock makes his cameo appearances, and as usual it is interesting to anticipate where he will show up. This is a classic mystery thriller, but it has comedy and romance as well. The story is well-played out and fascinating to watch to the very end.
This movie has got to be the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of seeing. The acting was horrible, the story was ludicrous and to insult the audience with gray E.T. was just ridiculous. I usually like Troma films but I have to say that if I never see this movie again it will be too soon.
Not as delirious as "Plan Nine from Outer Space" or "Bride of the Monster," the "Violent Years" is certainly outrageous in its own "cool" 1950s way. Watch out for those tight sweaters! And don't miss the "party" scene! The delinquent girls are at least 10 years older than they're playing, but... hey... it's Ed Wood were talking about.
This film is only 2 minutes long. Unfortunately, it's not even worth those two minutes. Adam Sandler sees a couch in a store. He walks in and sits on it. It falls over. He gets up and sits on a reclining. It folds up on him. Amazingly, that's the whole movie. Nothing really funny about it at all.
Ugh. Awful. Didn't last much past point one. Violent without remorse; predictable without restraint; terrible beyond belief. Even my own first self-rejected and childish screenplay was better than this! Women should be picketing this piece of trash. It's abusive and condescending. The writer and director should be ashamed they spent the money this type trash.
'Why...?' will be the question you ask yourself after seeing this film.It contains nothing but boring and pointless dialogue not to forget a pointless movie.I highly suggest you avoid this film , and spare your brain cells. Even if it isn't really a horror film as some claim still it's a bad movie no matter what it is.
It's too bad this film wasn't scraped a forth time. The idea might have been good, but it wasn't carried out in the script, in most of the acting, or the editing. If this is what Minnesota is offering up now, maybe it's time to close up shop. Skip this film and save 90 minutes of your time.
"Dead Kids" aka "Strange Behavior" is really lame movie without scares or invention.The cast is horrid and very unappealing,the special effects are truly awful and the film is incredibly boring.Why do a lot of people like this piece of scum is beyond me.Sure,the concept is original and creative,but it should be better revealed.In conclusion,don't bother with this one.
I don't know what so many people saw in this movie, I thought it was very boring. There was not much going on, Nicole Kidman looked like she was simply going for a paycheck here. If you are looking for a real suspenseful movie, this isn't it. Save your money and rent something worthwhile. 1 out of 10.
This is an old-fashioned way how a film is made. The characters and the story are not what we can relate to. They are totally dull and unconvincing. Who cares about the pathetic jokes a guy putting himself in a difficult situation. Just painfully waited until it ended. This film is overrated and a big disappointment from Thailand.
This is nothing like the original American Psycho. Where the first movie had humor (although a very dark kind of humor) and it's own kind of sick style that I think worked very well; this is just as weak as it can get. The acting delivered by Mila Kunis is exceptionally poor and just doesn't work... at all.
This is just an awful movie. Really, there is no substance and if there is a plot it is well hidden. It is rated as a comedy but I failed to find any funny parts. If your kids bring home bad marks on their report cards, they should be made to watch this film as punishment. mz4392
This film is made up of bits and pieces of film that they found on the cutting room floor, that didn't belong in their first movie, and don't belong in this one. Add to that the lack of any plot to hang the clips on, and this makes for more film that belongs on the cutting room floor.
Most collections of comic sketches are extremely uneven. "Loose Shoes" is an exception. It is CONSISTENTLY unfunny, and all the episodes are awful. Their humor is infantile, aimed strictly at kids. Murray, who stars in just one episode, is awful,too. At 74 minutes, this excruciating "comedy" doesn't even qualify as a movie. It's just a fraud. Be warned.
This is a slow moving drama with big name stars, but falls short of being memorable. Humphrey Bogart is an independent gunrunner in Damascus in 1925, when Syria is fighting off the occupation of French military invaders. Bogart is far from his best. Others in the cast are: Lee J. Cobb, Everett Sloane, Zero Mostel and Marta Toren.
Ken Loach goes American and tells a story of illegal immigrant workers and how their 'rights' are trampled on. Whilst a good enough depiction of all-too unacknowledged systematized injustice, the moral high ground is unbalanced and self-congratulatory. As a simple documentary it might have been interesting - as entertainment it is a well-made film that fails to entertain.
Evidently a cult movie with the homosexual set, The Crying Game is a homoerotic fantasy based on a deeply disturbed transvestite character, Dil, implausibly mixed up in Irish terrorism. The blurb speaks dishonestly and misleadingly of the film as "a romantic thriller" without disclosing its homosexual character. Irish terrorists should sue. The film should carry a health warning.
Most collections of comic sketches are extremely uneven. "Loose Shoes" is an exception. It is CONSISTENTLY unfunny, and all the episodes are awful. Their humor is infantile, aimed strictly at kids. Murray, who stars in just one episode, is awful,too. At 74 minutes, this excruciating "comedy" doesn't even qualify as a movie. It's just a fraud. Be warned.
Love Games is the kind of movie that is for either fans of soft-core or the devil. The "game" scenes are good, but with the normal slow jazzy music on top of the audio. I would only recommend it if it happens to come on TV and you have nothing else to do. It is not worth renting.
I enjoyed the TV series and Harry Enfield's sketches, but when he came to the big screen, He didn't do as well as i thought he would. It's packed with Ibitza songs which sound pretty good. But the comedy isn't as good and it wears out very early into the film. Not my favourite title of the year.
I agree with the other imdb user. This PPV was the pits, ladder bout aside. The segments between Austin-Bischoff were amusing but we dont buy the PPVs to watch interviews. This was probably the worst card since King of the Ring 95 and that event was just inferior to this one. If you havent seen this event, DONT.
The opening 45 minutes gave an interesting build up but the rest can only be described as awful. I assume that either the money, the writer or both ran out. The police chief managed to get rid of the ants from his car by driving around the block. Maybe everyone else should have tried that!!
A couple of people are trapped in a log cabin during an alien invasion of the Earth. They communicate with the unseen aliens and gradually make it back to civilization after much discussion. Every cliche in the book is used, and the low budget assures terrible special effects. Bad all around. Made in someone's back yard in Wisconsin.
This movie exemplifies the best features of bad sci fi. It starts out really bad. I mean *really* *really* bad. But where other bad sci fi movies fail, ROTOR succeeds... because IT GETS WORSE. If you graphed it, the stupidity of this movie would move up and to the right as it runs its course. That is amazing.
Although this movie tries to tug at the heart strings, it fails to provide either likeable characters or believable motivations for their actions. Music, script, and acting are on the level of the average porn movie. Regrettably, the average porn movie provides more incentive to watch than Red Shoes does. Don't waste your time with this one.
Chuck Norris stars as Col James Braddock a Vietnam vet who goes behind Vietnam to save American P.O.Ws and wipe out his enemies in this strictly routine yet very popular bodycount flick which appeals to die hards of the genre. Not as bad as movies like this get, but not good either, watch Rambo:First Blood Part II instead.
There was nothing that great about this movie, and a few things that were rather annoying. It just kind of rolled along with a lot of little peaks of excitement but nothing that incredible. By the time the end sequence came around I was rather bored, and the ending, although good, couldn't make up for the earlier scenes.
A lot of the ingredients of an enjoyable jaded cop film are there but they just didn't work for us. The contrived and complex plot is so densely packed into a few lines of dialogue in several scenes and the switches, surprises and reverses are so numerous that for us the film became increasingly incoherent and finally ludicrous.
I can say it all in one sentence: "one of the worst movies EVER!" I can not believe Michelle Yeoh agreed to play in this movie! I was waiting for something big to happen at the end, but the more it got closer to ending credits, the more I realized how I wasted my time on this movie.
Maybe I'm just a softy but I thought this was a wonderful (and believable!) family film. The expressions on the children's faces when they first see Slappy was priceless -- and the final scene was nothing but laughs. I'm a literature college professor so I've read and seen my share of "stinkers". This one smells good!
"Happy Face Murders" is a below par whodunnit which has little to offer and is very ordinary in almost all respects. Ann-Margaret is not believable as a quirky old woman; Helgenberger isn't believeable as a tough cop; the script is sophomoric; directing abominable; etc. Unless you're really bored and happen upon it on broadcast, don't waste your time.
Jeff Daniels, an ordinarily fine actor, is totally wasted is this plotless melodrama which was apparently written by someone who couldn't sleep. What passes for a plot starts with Daniels waking to find his wife missing. What happened to her? Did she run off with her lover, did Daniels kill her? Or did she just leave? Who cares?
Very strange movie that deals with g-men obsessed with RADAR. As we all know, radar is a fantastic piece of technology, but the movie doesn't seem to really be about it. It's more about long-winded speeches about a robbery and nothing more. It's quite funny, but I don't think that's how the director originally intended it to be!
Shelley Long... ugh!!! The female Steve Guttenberg of the 1980's. Hello Again is merely playing on the ideas that were already washed up in the 1930's screwball comedies, but had least had clever writers and fresh ideas. This is like watching the rejected pages for "Blithe Spirit" or "Move Over, Darling". Corbin Bernsen is just a smarmier Guttenberg.
Very slow paced and extremely unlikely development. Nothing to make you give a hoot about the main character in the first place. It gets worse and worse. It was so bad that my husband and I could hardly believe it at times. We joked about it for months afterwards. I can't think of a worse movie ever made!
the first one was bad enough , why didnt they quit while they were ahead?? and the thing i dont get, if its a sequel.. whats with all the characters being played by different actors in this one??? i only seen part of it . but it was SO stupid that i changed the channel....
The greatest and most poignant anguish we conscious beings experience is our recognition of the irretrievability of the past. All else we endure could be easily borne. The background strains of music as Orson Welles first recognizes Claudette Colbert haunts me still. She experienced a fragmentary nuance of remembrance that did not reach the level of her conscious recall.
You will enjoy this motion simulator ride a lot more if you have seen or are a fan of the Star Wars movies. There's not a lot of you, but I did ride this before I saw the films. I enjoyed it then as well. There are better motion simulator rides out there, but this one probably came first.
Monk is a great detective show that you can sometimes solve along with Monk if you are a genius. The show is entertaining and despite what most people say, Monk's obsessive compulsive disorders are so funny! Not annoying! The commercials are sometimes long, but not often. For any person who even lightly likes mysteries, this show is for you.
Analyze this is probably the funniest movie ever made! It ranks right up there with Spaceballs,Planes Trains and Automobiles, and The Wedding Singer. Robert De Niro and every other cast member play their parts well, but Billy Crystal played his perfectly. So drop what ever you are doing right now and see this movie today! 9 out of 10
Just watched this movie last night. I thought Billy Crystal was wonderful as Ben Sobol. Robert De Niro as Paul Vitti was very good. It was worth looking at the movie just to see the scene when Billy Crystal pretends to be a gangster--I could not stop laughing. Recommend this movie to any one who wants a good laugh
In my opinion, Monk is one of the best shows I have seen in a long time. The main characters, detective Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub), and his friend and personal assistant, Sharona Fleming (the very talented yet underrated Bitty Schram) are very likeable and well-drawn. More importantly, the episodes are very well-written and highly amusing. I definitely recommend it.
OK its not a oscar winner.its a Michael Winner.but this comedy has a great double act in Caine and Moore infact this is the first time i seen Moore do a comedy and he is quite excellent.a good supporting cast the script is more carry on than anything else and whats wrong with that.id sooner watch this than Trainspotting.
Kudos to ABC and Disney for making an MOW look like a real film. Can't believe this story wasn't told sooner. Hope it becomes a series. I could watch Robin Hood's daughter and the middle-aged merry men every week. Performances were strong. The actress who played Gwyn is beautiful and should have a long career. Way to go ABC!
Arguably the magnum opus of the silent screen. It must seen to be believed! One can only wonder what the film would have been like had it been made a few later, after the advent of sound. Would appreciate any information regarding the original score. The version we saw on TCM has what seems to be a new soundtrack
The start of probably the greatest action triolgy alongside Indiana Jones has to rate highly. A movie that is action packed, laced with great one liners and see's the good guys kicking ass over terrorist before it was popular. Its not for everyone, not one movie is, but if you love action movies, make sure you've seen this one.
Without a doubt this is Woody Allen's best effort. It is funny, has great pace, clever story line, and a surprise ending. In fact I can't think of anything I didn't like. Like all of Woody's films the photography, and sound are first rate, and as usual technically very good. It is a must see for any movie fan.
Very much in the "Get Carter" mode, and ten times better than Ritchie and his 2000 wannabees. This film perfectly captures 1960s London. It also captures the true ugly, psychotic, non-glamorous side of being a gangster. Very violent, but most of that is in your mind. The ending is perhaps a little anti-climatic, but otherwise a good effort.
Lucky Break in 2 words would be utter rubbish, it was not funny, in fact it had about 1 jocks worth of laughter and it was just pretty boring. This film doesnt even compare to the likes of other newer british films such as the parole officer which was great fun. Please everybody do not go and see it.
Tex Avery spoof of the movie the Jazz Singer. (The main character's name is Owl Jolson). Four owls are born to a music conductor. 3 show promise of operatic/symphonic greatness, but the fourth wants to sing jazz. Dad kicks him out so he decides to go audition on the radio. Enjoyable. Rating, out of cartoons, 9 out of 10.
Lassiter stars Tom Selleck and Bond-girl Jane Seymour. Lassiter, like Bond gets into similar situations and in the end triumphs over the enemy. Lassiter has action, beautiful stars, acting, and enough plot to keep it going. It's not perfect, nor a hidden gem, but it should not be forgotten either. It's worth an evening and a bag of popcorn.
This is definitely a third rate movie. According to some reviewers, this is the best of the Shaft films so far. If that was the best of Shaft, I sure would not waste my time with another Shaft film.. Richard Roundtree does a fair job of acting, but the rest of the cast do not show much talent.
For a film about how to improve your speaking ability, this one really doesn't take much of its advice. Bad acting, bad animation and a bad narrator are among the things that shoot this turkey down. Rightfully hacked to pieces by Mystery Science Theater 3000 in one of the better jobs Mike and the bots do on a short.
What a pleasant surprise, to laugh oneself sore during a film festival screening of a sleeper independently produced film! This one is going to be a HUGE winner, as I'm sure the word will filter out through hipsters and sites such as "aint-it-cool-news.com" You deserve a break today... watch for, and go see "DIRT." You'll be glad you did!
Oh come on! Am I seeing the same film to everyone else? It's a TERRIBLE film - my dad's in it, and I still have to say it. It's nearly as predictable as 'Pearl Harbour' (don't get me started), the story line's a hash of many other - better - films, and the script lacks both imagination and realism.
Definitely worth the rental bucks, despite the occasional but forgivable schmaltz at points. Good soundtrack, evidence of John Hughes III and his friendship with Tortoise-guy John McEntire, and a very atmospheric, hazy look to the whole picture. Wonderful moments of quiet, and shots held longer than I'm used to seeing in a Hollywood film. Oddly casual, and quite enjoyable.
How could you do a better movie about storytelling than showing how hard it is! Solondz splits the movie in two parts, "Fiction" and "Non-fiction" and shows in both how easily our subjective perception of real life loses its grips in other people's perceptions, situations, expectations... while writing about it. Whoever has ever written something: Don't miss this film!
Of course kids will love it; it's Elmo. But this clever and light-hearted retelling of Cinderella is winning enough for parents to enjoy, too. It has great songs and outstanding performances. Oliver Platt steals the show as the bumbling Fairy Godfather. Kathy Najimy, French Stewart, and Keri Russell all hold their own with the furry bunch. A definite winner.
Excellent performances and direction combine with an exemplary script. Like all good fables, this story runs far deeper than its apparently simple premise. The same can be said of the fine acting from all players. The film explores the notion of nobility from highly contrasted perspectives and it offers plenty to discuss beyond the closing credits. Well worth catching!
It is the best film i've ever seen.Only the French could make films as good as this. Amélie explores the trivial things in life and it brings you to some realisations of your own in that our lives are so simple and we only need the simplest of things to keep us happy. Amélie is a must for anyone
There is a vaccum in space because of this movie. This takes pathetic to a whole new level. The acting is lame, the story line is incipid, the plot, oh yeah, what plot? The insult to Latin women - come on, the old "keep 'em barefoot and pregnant" is the only line missing. Don't bother not even from Blockbuster.
A fine movie biography about the designer of the World War II Spitfire. Strong performances are given by Mr. Howard and David Niven. Although it seems dated particularly with the black and white film, it is none the less worth your time to preview this movie. Leslie Howard was killed in an airplane crash shortly after finishing this film.
"That Certain Summer" was more than just one of 1972's best productions made expressly for television. It was an outstanding presentation by any standard and for any medium. The entire cast, crew, and production team worked in fine ensemble fashion to create a memorable and significant achievement. This deserves to be revived and widely offered on video.
Having read so many devastating reviews and comments on this movie, why even bother watching it. Still there was something about the storyline that drew my attention. And yes, it was entertaining. Not a Hollywood classic but the quality acting of both Jessica Lange and Gwyneth Paltrow made it worth enjoying. A 7/10 for this film. Ernest Hamstra
What a great movie. This movie cost probably $100 million less than Chicago which is our favorite movie by far. This little gem is simply spectacular a cast of unknowns is simply wonderful in this Danny Devito directed film. Music, dance, great story. WOW WOW WOW. We need more independent films like this. Keep up the great work Danny.
Ed Burns scores some funny moments in this sophisticated look at love, sex and relationships. Dawson and Graham both provide excellent performances, and Burns is extremely convincing. A semi-doco style works very well and combines with good camera work to get the viewer involved. Great to look at - a very enjoyable movie. 3.5 out of 5
I hated this movie. First of all, because Susan Sarandon is so unattractive in this film (yes, I know she's supposed to be unattractive) I had no rooting interest in seeing these two characters get together. This movie's plot line can be summed up in one line: 'Rich guy falls for white trash woman for no reason.' Completely unappealing.
The Road Home is a delightful coming of age film that has just the right mixture of romance and baseball. What an accomplishment for this first time director! The cinematography was beautiful and the original score is something the behold. I think we can expect a lot more from Drew Johnson and his crew in the years to come.
As a filmmaker myself, I can honestly say we can continue to expect good things from Drew Johnson. The Road Home is an outstanding debut from this young director. The supporting cast is outstanding. And an often overlooked part of most films is the editing. Here the editing is particularly effective in telling the story. Check this one out!
"Nickle & Dime" is a lame little subpar comedy about an unscrupulous heir tracer (Howell) and his unwanted sidekick and CPA (Shawn) and their escapades with a couple of babes, some crooks, etc. A poorly written and assembled piece of work barely worth the time which has little to offer save a few laughs and a few poignant moments.
Director Paul Baurtel's follow-up to his cult hit "Death Race 2000" was this pretty awful little action picture that has all the amateurishness of the previous film but about half the budget - which wasn't so high to begin with! It's a crummy-looking, unfunny, unexciting film, but at least it has some beautiful women and some fast cars..... (*1/2)
I loved this movie. It was all about innocent love. Rex Smith was gorgeous and has the most beautiful voice. I just wish the TV station would air it once in awhile or put it on video so I can buy a copy for my daughter to see. I know she will love this movie just as I did!
Just what I needed, a gay "Your Friends and Neighbors." Not. Add to the down, tired material dialogue that sounded as if it were being read off cue cards, boring camera work, dull locales, and endless conversations, often as people plodded along in some park. Ugh! What a disappointment! I kept waiting for it to get better. It didn't.
I didn't want to watch it, but my husband insisted. I hate "The Sopranos" and all violent films/television. Why did I like this then, you ask? Because this was an exceptional production, and I hope they will do a series. The acting was incredible, big-screen quality. The child who played Cadenas' son was the best child actor I've seen.
Much of this was very funny; if the basic arc of the story is familiar, it's meant to be. Pare proves that, aside from being absolutely gorgeous in the coltish way that she all but defines, that she has the ability to balance the cartoonish and the mimetic dimensions of an occasionally tricky role. Supporting cast impressive, as well.
i saw this wonderful movie yesterday ,and i highly recommend it.I sat through the entire movie with a smile,what a fantastic member of the human race,Robert Crumb is.The Crumb family gives a whole new meaning to the word Dysfunctional,and it made my family look really sane:)love it. Go on see it and if you don't like it,see a doctor.
This cartoon short SHOULD have won the Oscar instead of Lend A Paw! An absolutely perfect blending of music and action throughout, well-executed at every turn. Incredibly funny with no dialogue-sight gags only and the running gags are great! Wonderful marriage of beautiful music and antic lunacy with a drop dead ending! Fanatically, totally recommended! I love this cartoon!!!
...that are actually better in German than in English. If you see it in German you will note the (sometimes subtle, sometimes big) differences in language, the different dialects (US, British, Austrian-English) and it is easier to tune into the setting of post-war Vienna, which has been split into four zones of occupancy. One of the best movies ever
terrific script, great performances, grant & russell are terrific together. the film is full of funny little inside jokes from cary grant's "the last person who said that to me was archie leach..." to "you know, bruce. he looks like ralph bellamy." love it, love it, love it. and rosalind russell is my kinda babe! - bdp
there was no plot at all, a few badly dressed actors stumble around getting shot at by water pistols, not very scary. The only good thing about it was the box it came in which had a holographic effect (at the time this was unusual). If your scared of water pistols - get it - if not dont bother.
OK, so she`s not on screen every single second. The film had only been available in Germany and Russia before now. People have been known to learn German just so as to be able to enjoy TC III This release must be way easier to understand; that alone rates a ten right off. Does anyone have CR competition video?
Gracious be, what a story. A wicked teacher(Rene Assa)takes advantage of powers obtained from his phone calls to Satan. Some creative murder scenes and a fun watch with a party crowd. Debbie James is nice in the looks department, but light in acting skills. Patrick O'Bryan seems miscast as the biker hero. Also in the cast is Philip McKeon.
Having in mind that this appeared as a low budget B class movie, I was surprised with the general idea and realization. Clones, by my opinion, do not have a soul! Period! And another remark: since 6+6+6, 1+8=9 and that corresponds to the 9 circles in Dante's vision of Hell in the Divine Comedy. Think about it...
Rachael Leigh Cook does a tremendous job in this movie, truly making the part come to life and lifting an average movie to another plateau. She has the face of an angel and has a very impressive presence on the big screen. She has the ability to draw you into a movie like only the great ones can.
I don't really know what to think of Bulworth. It's supposed to be a comedy I guess, but by the time it's through, it becomes a serious drama. Warren Beatty tackles a controversial subject, it just seems to fall short. Watching Beatty rap is another story all together. I was embarrassed for him. This film is worth a look.
"For the Boys" is a fantastic film. This is for sure one of my favorite all time movies. Bette Midler gives a great performance. The film makes you laugh and cry. It should of been nominated for best picture. Although Midler did win Best Actress at the Golden Globe Awards for her performance in this movie. A MUST SEE!
I considered this a great film !! I would hope the Native American youngsters and everyone of all races to see this film and learn a little of the Native American life. I would like to see this film in video stores. My children and parents watched this movie with me and we all enjoyed the old time stories.
There is no words I can use to describe this movie. It is simply moviemaking at its best. Watch it, You'll be changed forever. I was. This is my #1 Movie. I cried 5 times the last time I saw it. You will be so troubled and disturbed afterward but so uplifted. You will never forget The Elephant Man.
What can I say? Harvard Man, is brilliant. Sarah Michelle Gellar spices up the movie with her performance and Rebecca Gayheart? What can I say about Rebecca Gayheart? Fantastic. It's great to see Rebecca Gayheart in another brilliant movie. Harvard Man is a mix of Mafia and Basketball. A great movie and a must-see. I would give it 10/10
Burt Lancaster is always great, but this is one of my favourites. Lancaster as Valdez can best be described as Jesus with a rifle. He kills the bandits only because they continue to refuse his small request for an Indian woman who has lost her husband (I think he is killed by the bandits). Great, spiritually moving, film.
I was bitterly disappointed in this film. It's one of the worst-made movies I've ever seen. I'm a great fan of Cube as a hip-hop artist; he should stick to that and not attempt to make movies. The plot was absurd, the acting terrible, and the dialogue was wooden and artificial. Save your 99 cents and rent something else.
This film is absolutely terrible. It has very little plot, the characters are two dimensional & boring. I expected better from Thora Birch - luckily for her, she was only a supporting character. The film tries very hard to be a "Heathers" for the next generation, but it fails on every level humanly possible. A complete waste of time.
I remembered it starred with Robert Goulet. It was like a play version of the story. I am 44 and I can still hear the sounds of "Brigadoon, Brigadoon" and "This was a real nice clambake, ..." I have seen Robert Goulet in several plays , Camelot, and Man of LaMancha. I would like to see this earlier work.
I have seen Sunshine a few times and loved it each one of them. I wish the movie would be put out on video. I would certainly buy this one so I could view it often. Hopefully it will appear on TV again soon. It's a great movie .... maybe a little bit of a tear jerker, but good.
This is the second time my wife and I have viewed this film and we think it's a perfect Christmas film. It's heart-warming and can be viewed by the whole family. I hope in the near future that it is released on video as I would love to purchase a copy for my very own (that's my Christmas Wish).
If you want to have a clear picture of how the daily life under Stalin's USSR was, you must see this great movie. When you watch the Russian official destroying the French woman's passport, you have a hint of what is awaiting her, her Russian husband and their young boy. The escape scenes are also thrilling and so revealing.
Hi. I just saw a free screening of this film, which is now called Smiling Fish and Goat on Fire. It was a pure treat. A sensitive subtle film with alot of heart. Not like the usual edgy violent depressing independents that are shot on this kind of a budget. You care about these characters. I really enjoyed it.
I have been looking for a video of this movie since videotape/DVD became available. Loaded with stars and very funny. Miss Aulin was missed in other movies. Ringo is great as gardener. Coburn is a great surgeon. Who says it doesn't have a storyline. I also read the book and found the movie to be every bit as good.
I was more than willing to accept a new actor to take over the Pink Panther franchise as Clouseau's inept son, and I feel that he would have made a decent enough Clouseau. The problem lies with the script of this movie. Many of the gags are simply re-hashed from previous Panther movies, and not very effectively at that.
What a phenomenally horrible film! I am completely and utterly surprised at two things - 1) The relatively high rating and 2) the relatively successful careers the two lead characters have had. The girl was OK, I guess, but Billy Joe! Oh jeez. I don't think my judgment is too heavily influenced by the god awful hillbilly accents either.
The idea of immortal vampire soldiers is fascinating, and the mystery is quite well-kept for a while ; but once the idea is exposed, there's nothing left. A bit better than Prior's usual fare, this one keeps the militarism and racism ideology rampant in his "works" - it seems normal that American soldiers would feed on poor South Americans.
This was one of the best Jet Li films i've seen for some time, and it certainly surpasses Romeo Must Die. The martial arts performed by Jet Li and numerous others were second to none, just the best. As for holes in the storyline, does that matter? the action surpassed the storyline in my opinion. Full 10.
This one defintely beats the quite dull "Rome must Die". Jet Li's performance is excellent, however mr bad guy might be a little well too bad. The manuscript certainly could have needed a little more work..but all in all I say they did the best of it. A little more action tho wouldnt hurt :) 7-8 / 10
I think the story was pretty awful and rather scary then funny... Chad Donella on the other hand does a great job. But the funniest person in the entire movie was Steve Monroe as Holden the guy with all the sexual problems. If it wasn't for these two guys i would have rated this film 2/10 instead of 4/10...
Adam Sandler is a very funny guy. Billy Madison is very funny. Yet Happy Gilmore is more funny and Adam Sandler is at his best. His other movies were let's say not as funny. I.E. Waterboy, Big Daddy and Wedding Singer. I haven't seen Little Nicky yet, so that may be his best. If anyone has comments, say something.
This movie was great. A must see. It will touch the bottom of your heart, its well done, a great plot, with great stories. I loved this movie. I cried at the end like a little girl. It's great to see a movie that was made thinking about the gay community, and that help us to fight homophobia.
Very original format. Wasted no time in moving with the flow of real moving story. Not predictable at all. Got hooked watching TV and was surprised. Back to basics movie; touches the soul. I was surprised to not have heard of Irene Dunne. Beautiful actress who played this part with natural skill. Cary Grant was also very convincing.
How do these movies get made? Asinine script, predictable plot, terrible acting, bad scenes, and awful stunts add up to one of the worst Hollywood has spewed forth. Don't waste your time. This movie was made for 12-yr old boys. I can say nothing good and not enough bad about this phlegm. That's right, it's not even a 'film'.
Macbeth the Comedy tries, it really does. You can tell that the script writer really did want to make it funny, and that the cast really did too. It just doesn't work though. Most of the jokes fall flat (apart from a few near the end, and a good joke on the "new fashion of rhyming" at the start).
The only other documentary I've seen that is comparable is Gates of Heaven. I love both and I hope more documentaries are available that go beyond the obvious and "documentable" as these do. The voice of god narration and the feeling that you the viewer are being patronized cheapens even most well composed documentaries for me. I&I Rastafari!
It's a waste of talents for all the three leading actor/actresses involved. Yes, I know it is a Sci-Fi film, but there are still too many holes in the plot. The special effects are rip-off from Hollywood too. I saw the Chinese-dubbed version, and the dialog doesn't turn out too well either. Overall, a movie you can do without.
i really, truly regret wasting an hour and a half of my life on this adolescent piece of trash. the lack of subtlety is insulting to the intelligence, and the gratuitous nature of the sex and violence featured in this film is simply offensive. and then there is the title, which i doubt could possibly be any more contrived.
This movie is simply a piece of crap. If you feel you need to waste two hours of your life this is the best way to do so. The acting is pathetic, the story is confusing and the set is cheap. It looks like it was shot by some poorly trained monkeys from the zoo. Don't see this film.
I feel sorry for whoever has the misfortune to get roped into seeing this: cliched and dull. A waste of whatever talent one or two members of the cast might have. I just happened to be visiting a friend who rented it...ironically, they fell asleep pretty early into it. (Recommended for any insomniacs with a VCR near their bed.)
This was unbelievably bad - the trailer leads you to think "Hey it's another great horror flick" - WRONG!! It was so horrible I couldnt stand it another minute and we left early. Dont waste your time on this one - save yourself and go see something else, anything else!! Watching cars drive by would surely be more entertaining....
Saw this dvd and was completely distracted by the soundtrack that was about 10 seconds behind the actual words that were spoken. For a Jet Li film I thought it was good but I would like to see a repaired version. I see about 2 or three martial arts films a week and this was the worst subtitled yet.
This video is just a collection of old Disney cartoons repackaged with very poor filler material involving many classic characters with boring one-liners. Reminds me of when they have a "special" episode of a sitcom which is only recycled bits from the whole season. Don't bother to buy this one. Very poor, Walt. Don't rip us off like that!
I loved Mortal Kombat 2. And when I picked this game up I immediatly disliked it. It's got a totaly different feel to it. I often find the expression if it aint broke dont fix it a good way to explain this one. I suppose I don't wanna spoil it but all i can say is rent before buy.
The animation was poorly executed compared to the original Tarzan flick by Disney. The plot was poor, and insulting to children's intelligence. Overall, the movie was a poor sequel. We should expect Disney to produce better sequels than this. Toy Story 2 was a good sequel to Toy Story. Tarzan and Jane isn't even a good Saturday morning cartoon...
Here we go again. Just as it happened with Aladdin, the Disney studios has taken advantage of the massive box-office appeal of one of their feature length animated films. And just as it happened with Aladdin, it is awful and a downright waste of time. If you want to be reunited with Simba and the others, buy the original.
Whoever played the guy that held someone's daughter hostage had by far the worst acting I have ever saw in my life. It is a scary thought to think that this guy was casted. That means that there had to be someone out there worst than him. It was a horrible role to take. The movie was horribly unrealistic!
The name for this movie sounded pretty cool, so i was expecting to see a fairly decent movie. Oh was i wrong, i could have read the words "Sonic Impact" over and over again for 90 minutes and probably enjoy it more than the movie itself. This movie is among the worst movies i've seen in years. STAY AWAY.
this movie looked so good so i rented it and it was so stupid, fake, dumb, cheap. It was the worst of the worst. When critics saw the movie they hated it. * of **********. Why did they make such a stupid movie? Did you like this piece of junk? <b>WARNING: <b/> DONT RENT OR BUY THIS CHEAP MOVIE!
The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat succeeds in being offensive, but that's about all it does. Unlike the South Park movie, which came out in 99 and had a lot of comparisons to the Fritz the cat serious, Nine lives is neither smart nor funny. It's disgusting, just like Crumb's comics. Pederasts and serial killers need only apply.
You would think with Lisa Kudrow, John Travolta, Ed O'Neill, and Bill Pullman in the cast you could expect a fun, clever movie. Travolta and Kudrow try very hard, but the story was tired and boring. Lisa looks great and the dancers are decorative, but even skin couldn't save this film. This is just a hideous waste of time.
This is the worst of the confessions of series. Robin Askwith shoud stop making these movies and start making new and better movies. Its a joke of a movie and i laughed all the way through, not because it was funny, because it just sucked so much. 1/10 If you like this try: Any other confessions of series
I truly felt sorry for the duck disguised as "Karoch, scourge of the skies." A rubber something was fixed across the back of the bird's head to no avail: it still looked a duck. One positive point: the use of authentic Greek words like "Kala" (which actually means "good") and "Econ" (the root of the word "economy" or "home").
Went to this movie with my dad when we were in Minnesota. I loved it years ago, but seeing it again changed my mind. Maybe it was being a kid or styles change with time. (ie 80's action) This movie is too over the top for me. I will watch a bit of it, but not rent it. 4/10
I hate this movie!!! Why do they use the good name of Stephen King just to sell some bad movies like this one. What does this have to do with the other great movies??? Rename it to Sometimes They Come Back... For No Reasons At All, Sometimes They Come Back... When Their Heads Should Be Buried In The Ground!!!!
This is the worst movie in recorded history! It takes the cake as the stupidest movie ever. If you really want to see it, rent the mystery science theatre version and watch them make fun of it. Otherwise it's not worth your time. The music is just as bad with wierd blips here and there and sparratic, spaz drumming.
The only impressive thing about "Down to You" is just how amazingly bad it is. There is no plot, no characters, the jokes aren't funny -- a complete waste of five minutes, not to mention two hours. Henry Winkler is good, but even he can't keep this from being a likely candidate for worst movie of the year 2000.
This is up there as being one of the worse movies I have ever seen. Do not see this horrible medieval flick where the main character has 3 roles. I couldn't even understand what it was supposed to be about and didn't waste my time finding out. Look elsewhere for a good film, you definitely won't find it here!
Hard to believe this kind of movie could have such success ! I saw this as a kid and was appalled. I remember one scene when somebody shoots a machine-gun at Norris for two minutes and not a single bullet approaches him ! Worse for an action movie, the pace is snail-like and there's not an ounce of tension.
This must be one of the worst movies ever made in recent history. Try to see it on Mystery Science Theatre 3000, otherwise it's just intolerable. The acting is awful, the story so...I can't even find the words. The only redeeming factor is the name of the hero: Zap Rowsdower, which makes me laugh every time I hear it.
I was excited to see the movie. Then I was disappointed. Much of the acting, especially the "known" stars, was quite cheesy. The writing seemed disjointed and the characters weren't funny. I especially was put off by the nastiness of some of the dialogue. The reference to defecate or not to defecate was gross. Occasional humor but too sporadic.
I believe that this was supposed to be shocking or something.... All that I can say is....POOR GOAT!!! This flick is so poorly done that the parts that "should" shock and revolt you come across as laughable at best. The characters are so lame and 2....wait....1 dimensional, that I applauded each sick death.....all except that POOR GOAT.
This film has the unlikely premise of a popular young musician using his charisma, youth and influence to win over the American public to a more youth-inclined culture, a one with no time or patience for adults. Basically this is out to shock and it succeeds in this respect..however there's really very little message or meaning here beyond that.
J.G. Ballard's perverse, and often coolly humorous, prose works are not really suited to the screen. If anybody could successfully transfer one, the likeliest candidate would have to be David Cronenberg. At least, that is what anyone would have thought before seeing "Crash". It seems it's best to leave Ballard to unsettle and disturb the printed page alone.
This film is simply about a bunch of women who pick men who's behaviors they claim to hate & then spend the rest of their time complaining about them. It seems that this view is held by many women & possibly accounts in some measure to the number of women who consider their relationships with men to be unsatisfying.
Transcendently beautiful in moments outside the office, it seems almost sitcom-like in those scenes. When Toni Colette walks out and ponders life silently, it's gorgeous. The movie doesn't seem to decide whether it's slapstick, farce, magical realism, or drama, but the best of it doesn't matter. (The worst is sort of tedious - like Office Space with less humor.)
Ellen Barkin and Laurence Fishburne performed wonderful acting skills, their love scenes were electricity, and the plot kept me on the edge of my seat. Barkin performed her own Basic Instinct with Frank Langella who did his best to burn up the screen, no more vampire roles for him. If you like romance and warmth, view this film.
The charming con men featured in this film have found that the easiest way to make money is to part fools from it. It's so easy, in fact, it's like shooting fish in a barrel--hence the movie's name. Excellent acting and quirky characterization make this flick really fun to watch. Dialogue is sharp and witty, with some truly memorable lines.
Jackie is ok, but this is clearly not his best work. This is just a movie that was made in 1992, and wasn't good enough to show in the states, but now since Jackie is famous, and has done good in his other films, they snuck this one in. No out takes at end of film, I felt short changed.
People of course are not going to like some plot aspects. How did Squall suddenly fall in love? Where did Ultimecia come from? Who in their right mind would elect Laguna president? Yet, I believe the point of this game was to showcase Square's amazing FMV technology, proving that it will be around to entertain gamers for a long time.
Gavin Hood's THE STOREKEEPER is a mini-masterpiece of filmmaking, a film short with no dialogue, yet with very moving characters, whose facial expressions and body language make the short work. A storekeeper in South Africa goes to extreme lengths to keep from being repeatedly burglarized. We know exactly what'll happen as the story progresses, yet we're powerless to stop it.
I watched the dubbed version of this movie. Despite the logo that pops up every ten minutes, this movie still stinks. The dubbing is hilarious, and the effects are side splitting. This is THE worst movie I have ever seen. It even has product placement for gasoline. Oh, and yeah, it is just a rip-off of King Kong. 1/10
OK, I am not the most easily offended, but this movie was severely detracted from by gratuitous use of words beginning with f and s and m and you get the picture! Does Schwimmer think he is John Hughes, Judd Nelson and M. Broderick together now? No sympathy for the characters, bad language, Chicago (again)!, contrived plot ---------- that's enough!
I liked Mimi playing a woman somewhat down on her luck. She wants very much to better herself, but things don't go her way....until she writes her Christmas list. Even then she still has problems: an overbearing boss, a fruitcake mother, a totally anal boyfriend, and a bitchy co-worker. Then she falls in love. One of the better holiday films.
What a great collection of a great band, but you have to FF through anything Gary Cherone is on, it's just a terrible era that so many of us true fans wish would have never happened. If you can get your hands on a used copy, I'd recommend it, certainly not worth the retail price they ask for in stores.
This is the best movie ever! Don't miss out on it! Vivek Oberoi and Rani Mukherjee have done SUPERB EXCELLENT acting!! The story, its not really very special or unique but the way Vivek and Rani have acted, it seems even better. So if you haven't seen it yet, go see it right now. This isn't something to be missed!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this movie. I watch this over and over, and every time I watch it, I find a different scene that I missed before. It makes me laugh so hard that I miss some lines. Even now, just thinking of the scenes in Central Park are making me laugh. Every line is funny. This is a very under-rated movie.
This film alone was worth the price of the DVD it shares with "Plan 9 from outer space." See the locations used,hear members of Wood's "stock company" talk of him! See Ed Wood actually directing scenes from a Grade Z western!!And,it answers once and for all just what did Ed Wood use for the flying saucers??Who could ask for more?
Take 1 part real swing music [Dorsey, Miller], 1 part enthusiastic dance, 1 part veteran talent [Bisset, Bostwick, Winters], 1 part youthful charm [Casey], and mix with a sweet storyline and a lot of San Francisco talent. Season with the late-great Nell Carter and some chocolate chutney. The result is pure magic. This could be the next Indie surprise hit.
wow, i was not expecting much from this but found it to be very good! It sure kept my attention. I'm not usually a big fan of this genre of movie. Goldie did a good job. some of the shots happened so quick i wish i had seen it on dvd so I could rewind and take a second look.
"Miracles" debuted on January 27, 2003 on the ABC Television Network. After constant pre-emptions and special episodes of "The Practice", "Miracles" was cancelled after only six episodes. The Save Miracles Team, even after a year has passed, is still doing what it can to save the show. For more information, please visit MiraclesHQ or feel free to contact me personally.
This is the only movie that I have literally walked out of for sheer boredom. Needless to say, I won't be revealing the end of the story here. Robert Duvall puts in a stunning performance. However, the storyline has none of the Duvall's depth and simply unfolds, or perhaps unravels, in a meandering and uninteresting sequence.
Can a movie get any better than that? I don't think so. Polanski's masterpiece is a statement about how love has no limits and how people are guided by their sexual instincts even if they don't admit it. The film is absolutely perfectly cast and Peter Coyote deserved an oscar. A really beautifully twisted story with unforgettable performances. 10.
An amazing movie... Not only is the acting incredible, but the realistic plot segments help you to really feel for the characters. I believe the key to this movie may have been how disturbing it was. Each segment allowed for a very vivid portrayal of the abortion issue, without necessarily 'taking sides'. If you've got the time, check it out!
Well, this movie wasn't serious enough to be a drama, too serious to be a comedy and only your grandma would think it was an action movie. I realize that Patrick Swayze isn't the best actor in the world but when you see a movie with Liam Neeson and Ben Stiller you'd expect that it wouldn't suck... you'd be wrong.
This movie was a great story between a boy named J.T. and his cat. Their loving relationship made it one of the best movies I have EVER seen. I suggest this for people who are animal lovers. You will love it! A great story line for ALL ages! They should show it more often, also you can read the book.
I should have known it would be bad since it starred Hulk Hogan, but I was not prepared for just how bad it was. One of the worst movies of all time. It was nice to see Mark Calloway (WWF's the Undertaker) as a villian (actually a flunky). However, I can't think of anything else remotely entertaining about this movie.
This Woodstock movie is labeled as a docuemtary and I love it. I love it when they interview the people in this movie since it's a trip listening to them. Plus they show live performances of some the best musicians on earth. After watching this movie you will get a good feel for what it was like being there yourself.
One of the worst plot I have seen, absolutely non sense!!!!! The most stupid scene is the romantic one, the girl go for some insulin and brings also the cello, the score for piano and cello and also the music stand!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can not imagine this girl getting down from the second floor by the stairs with all this stuff.......whahhhhhhhhhhh
Obviously this movie would have been terrible without the attractive women, but it was still very entertaining. I'm surprised at people that gave this movie a score of 1, I don't know what people expected of this movie but it was exactly what I expected, and cute comedy with a somewhat very thin plot with some fun times. Nothing more.
Maybe this is an interesting film if you're a New Yorker. If you're not, I'm sorry, but stereotype neurotic behaviors of New Yorkers just does not turn me on. Plus the majority of the lead players are unattractive (but there are some exceptions). If you want neurotic New Yorkers, go see Woody Allen movies, at least these are well made.
I saw this movie for the first time about a week ago and it is the funniest movie I have ever seen! It can be goofy sometimes, but it is so ridiculously goofy that you still laugh. If you like comedies I HIGHLY recommend this movie for your viewing pleasure. Lets ask Mikey to do it, he'll try anything
When I was a little boy I first watched this movie in Denver, Colorado for the admission price of 35 cents. It was a great movie to see at that young age and fell in love with Alan Hale sr. the actor. I always tryed to see any film with him in it. Russ Tafoya.....Rest In Peace Mr. Alan Hale
I was really looking forward to this movie. I'm a great fan of Jimmy McGovern's work. But this film just failed to engage me at any point. It felt like an episode of Cracker, but without the Cracker side of the plot. In fact, the whole thing felt like a lame TV drama, despite the widescreen format. Unltimately, a disappointment.
This movie was great. I don't know why all of these people thought it wasn't good. If you haven't seen this movie, I advise that you should watch it. You will certainly laugh and you'll certainly have a lot of fun. Steve Martin is great, and so are Goldie Hawn and John Cleese. I rated it a perfect 10!
This is one of the greatest horror movies I have seen this year... It made me feel that I was back in the 1980's... You could almost feel the pain and fear of the young people who is hunted and used for a higher purpose... It is great to see that it is still possible to make movies this way...
Arguably the best of the films adhering to the Dogma 95 Manifesto, and the first to be shot on film rather than video, MIFUNE'S LAST SONG is a genuinely enjoyable film. Unpretentious and optimistic, MIFUNE is funny, affectionate and entertaining. This is the one which illustrates the brilliant new path which Danish film has taken in the past few years.
This movie was super cute! CATS RULE! I love the idea of cats trying to take over the world and dogs trying to stop it. Just cute! Although, when the dog was taken in the beginning, shouldn't it have been dog-napped? Oh well. Still it's a cute, warm movie. Especially if you're in a silly mood or have young children!
Ok so this film was never going to win any awards. It was never going to stand out in history as an all time classic. In fact I doubt if it will ever even become a cult classic. It is however highly entertaining twaddle made with the intention of making money and having fun. And to that extent it works.
Starring the ever great Jason Robards as Howard Hughes, this little gem was one of Jonathon Demme's first films, and one of his best. Quirky, lovely and gentle, it is what I HOPE was what really happened, but again- who knows? Mary Steenburgen is also perfect in what must have been one of her first films. A delightful surprise. .
Patriotic Jagger and Hayes must confront the grim realization that son Walker is a Communist. The hysteria that follows seems ludicrous by today's standards. Trust me, it did then too, but in a different vein. Hayes is in her element, emoting to beat the band. Walker is appropriately opaque, but Jagger is spellbindingly awful. What a waste of talent!
I'm a patient man, but this bored me. The characters -- and especially our protagonist -- just wasn't compelling enough to capture my attention for all the long, long scenes that inched out the plot. Still, an interesting look inside the lives of a strip club owner and his girls. Has similar feel to Boogie Nights, but without the energy.
I agree that this is an overlooked hitchcock. i don't really remember how I found it, I think AMC. But, it gripped me. I have seen it numerous times, and can not wait for it to be put on DVD, like Hitch's earlier works...from the 30s. Bankhead, and Gus and Hume do marvelous jobs, as do the other cast members.
A brilliant film from start to finish. Bob Hoskins performance in the last minute alone was worthy of an outstanding acting award without him uttering a word!!! Biggest moan is WHY the best British gangster film ever made is STILL not available on PAL VHS or region 2 DVD, I cannot believe you can only get it from the USA.
Over the top John Woo action flick that works with Travolta as a devious villain, but fails miserably because of the obvious miscasting of Slater as an action star. Mathis is also way off as a park ranger, or something like a park ranger. Maybe she was looking for the set where they were filming the latest Yogi Bear movie.
This is a great film! I first saw this movie at age 8 and still love it and keep it in my personal video collection. The twins are well cast even though they are from illinois and Errol Flynn is always entertaining as the swashbuckling hero. Well directed with great music. A must see for any classic movie buff. 9/10
Bryan Genesse and Billy Drago are the best things about this movie, and I like the fights. Olivier Gruner was the weak link in the film, terrible actor and terrible action star, but his supporting cast makes up for his lack of talent. If you like fighting and those bizarre Hong Kong kung fu movie training sequences, The Circuit delivers!
"Certain Fury" is grade-Z stuff in most departments (the low production values and the often very bad dialogue stand out), but Tatum O'Neal is engagingly tough and she makes the film worth watching all by herself. Irene Cara is awful, and the slashing scene is hilariously fake, but Tatum won me over, enough to give this film a ** rating.
I had never heard of this film, and so last night I had an unexpected pleasure in watching a clever movie. What a marvellous satire on communism. There were some very funny scenes, especially the dancing trio. Judy Davis was wonderful as the pro communist mother -- what a performance! This movie is a dark Australian comedy and worth seeing.
One of the worst plot I have seen, absolutely non sense!!!!! The most stupid scene is the romantic one, the girl go for some insulin and brings also the cello, the score for piano and cello and also the music stand!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can not imagine this girl getting down from the second floor by the stairs with all this stuff.......whahhhhhhhhhhh
Ace Ventura would surely have to be one of the all time comedy greats. Jim Carrey is a comical genius, and this film lets him go as far as he wants to. This film comes highly recommended from me, so you know its a classic, and the only reason I gave it 10, was that I couldn't give it 11.
I loved Aladdin. I bought Return of Jafar the day it was released on video. I wrapped it and put it under the tree for my 3 year old daughter. I counted the days til we could open it and watch the long awaited sequel. One of the biggest disappointments ever. (for me) Script was dismal, plot was worse. >
In 'Baseball Bugs' we see Bugs Bunny playing baseball. He alone is one team and he is playing a team called the Gashouse Gorillas. It is a little too much of the same at the beginning but the very funny second part makes up for that. The Looney Tunes short are almost always funny and this one didn't disappoint me.
THE most amazing action movie i've seen! The Matrix dims in comparison to this amazing, AMAZINGly done movie. The action is perfect (although i admit, the guns never run out of ammo), Chow Yun-Fat will be the greatest new action star in the WORLD! I hope. And hopefully John Woo's new movies will go back to these kind of roots.
Good Wholesome Family Fun-filled movie. I saw everyone from children to senior citizens in the theater. Laughing and applauding. Great music by the way. Great football scenes. Nice Chemistry between the coach and the assistant coach. some comments were that it started a little slow but after a third of the movie you got hooked and it only got better!
Good movie! Bad DVD source. :) Jackie Chan yet again. Seems like this guy couldn't have anything more to do with the Kung Fu Movie scene and then i find about 10 more DVDs. If you like Jackie Chan then this is a must see movie. Not one of his best but definitely an original work of Kung Fu Art!
My God that's probably the 1st time anyone has ever asked that question. The main problem with this this movie is that it's too long. With commercials its running time is about 2 hours. It's about 1 hour and 58 minutes too long. Were sleeping tablets issued to the cast before filming? The real turkey on Thanksgiving was the film.
This is simply one of the best performances ever done by an artist and I highly recommend it. You will be amazed on how great Robbie sings the music that was made popular by the Rat Pack. I just couldn't figure out why he didn't it make big in the U.S. Maybe the American audiences are not just ready yet...
I saw this movie in Sri Lanka in 1997 and I loved it. But most of the scenes were censored and no body could not enjoy it that well in the cinema. Most of the sex scenes were cut for no reason. Does anyone know how to get the uncut version of this film on VCD/DVD. Please let me know.
I enjoyed this silent film version alot, it is 1000 times better than the 1950's musical version. Carl Davis' soundtrack for this one is passable, not one of his best. I kept wanting to hear Sigmund Romberg's melodies in the background for the soundtrack, too bad they couldn't get permission at the time, since the musical was introduced in 1924.
Very funny. Completely captivating. The visual style was all 70's pastel kitsch: house, clothes, hair. Cheesy low-tech special effects don't seem to follow any particular style but simply add fun comedy touches. Strong language is often fresh and honest. The aging actress character always says exactly what's on her mind. Think of it as "Hairspray" meets "Valley of the Dolls".
Very funny. Completely captivating. The visual style was all 70's pastel kitsch: house, clothes, hair. Cheesy low-tech special effects don't seem to follow any particular style but simply add fun comedy touches. Strong language is often fresh and honest. The aging actress character always says exactly what's on her mind. Think of it as "Hairspray" meets "Valley of the Dolls".
I found this movie very funny and will recommend it to my mates. For those of you that were insulted by it, all I would say is get a life and chill out you miserable g**s. It was a great movie and I admire the efforts of all those that were involved. Music was brilliant and acting was excellent. 10/10
Much has been written and speculated about this sad part of Swedish history. This movie presents an interesting view on how things may have unfolded. Almost 20 years and numerous investigations and commissions later still the whole truth has not come to see the light of day. If you enjoy historical thrillers then this is a movie for you.
this is one of the worst movies that I've ever seen. It had some possibilities I give it that but the rest is so low budget and bad that it really hurts. Nicholas Lea (X files, Once a Thief) is in it and Jan- Michael Vincent from Airwolf. That's no point in seeing it believe me. It's pure bull****. Beware
I thought that it was well done. The script closely parallel the book. This animation and love ballad must be critiqued in the context of it's time. Filmed in Techi-color and just the second full-length animated feature, it rivalled many of the light musicals on the silverscreen in the 1930's. If you have not seen it, judge for yourself.
...but this film sux. Gonzalez Inarritu tries to use a conventional narrative structure that doesn't conform at all to the limitations of short film. Where it should focus on the imagery, it tries to establish dialogue and familiarize the viewer with the characters' history. There's no time for that! Show the BMW and los malos hombres and wrap it up!
I really was pleasantly surprised seeing this film. Never heard of it - just popped up on tv here and I was blown away with the REALNESS of it all. Guess it helped I lived in NY and DC and back in da day, I was a pretty pretentious black chick. I dug this flick and look forward to "G".
I watched this movie at a bad movie festival that included "Plan Nine from Outer Space". Plan 9 made me laugh my head off; this one caused me to look at my watch every two minutes to try to see how much longer it could possibly last. The most unfunny comedy I have ever seen; it wasn't even unintentionally funny.
Lester's "serious" film is a stylistic and cinematic masterpiece that -like much of Lester's work- has been underrated for decades. "Petulia" features the performance of a lifetime for Julie Christie and stunning work by George C. Scott and Richard Chamberlain. This film is amazingly shot by Nicholas Roeg (!) and is a riveting piece of timeless cinema. A must-see.
This pilot for a tv show is the funniest 30 minutes I have ever seen. Adam West is perfectly cast as a hasbeen actor who used to star on a detective show back in the 70s who now thinks he can fight crime. If anyone has this on tape let me know. I would love to see this again.
Very cute and very funny film, in French with English subtitles, though I doubt any of the females will be reading them, since the "visuals" in this movie are not to be missed. As he always is, Roy Dupuis is beautiful and charismatic, and Patrick Huard is just hysterical. This movie is just fun to watch on a gloomy day.
This is one of Leslie Nielsen's worst movies ever, even though he's not really the main character. I laughed about 0.4 times during this dragging crapfest that seemed to last forever and made me question why I enjoy movies at all. The studio was wise to make it a straight-to-video release because it would have made about $40 in theaters.
No, not just POSSIBLY one of the worst...it IS the worst film of all time. A real stinker. The director ought to be taken out and shot. If you ever get the urge to rent this piece of garbage--if you can even find it anywhere--do yourself a favor and rent something far more watchable, like "Plan 9 From Outer Space."
Cold Steel is one of the most atrocious crime films I've ever seen. It's little more than a tv movie of the week with foul language, and it's badly written to boot. Sharon Stone ends Cold Steel with the immortal line, "I hate sushi". Perhaps 'screenwriter' Moe Quigley is one of Joe Eszterhas' biggest influences. Avoid at all costs.
The same title explains it: "No debes estar aqui"-"You must not be here". Obviously, the director is trying to advice us, because the film is so bad that when I went out from the theatre I thought: "I shouldn't have come". The film is supposed to be an Internet-basis thriller, but it does not have suspense, horror or anything interesting.
I hope this is the end of all the Scream rip-offs. So much hype and nothing to show for it what a disappointing flick.You guys want 4 lines, and this film is not worth even that. Moesha, you can do so much better than this. Jennifer Love Hewitt I don't know what's the big deal with you. Please, no more!!
Cheezy "German" accents, A-list actors (Olivier, Peck, et al), lots of beige clothing, rude pubescent clones with sinister pale blue contacts UND a dash of history all add up to the wonderfully awful "Boys from Brazil." I kept expecting/hoping Werner Klemperer would burst upon the scene and shout "Schuuuuuuuullltzzz!!" At least we would've had a real German! Mein Gott!!
This had potential, but the script ran out of ideas after 10 minutes and became obvious and completely predictable. Billy Connolly is held back and allowed to show only a few glimpses of his great comedy and acting talent, while Sharon Stone goes way over the top as she tries to compensate. A poor film all-round, where deus-ex-machina rules.
I cannot believe that I went to the cinema to watch this load of of old pants. The lessons of the first film, which was actually rather good, seem to have been forgotten with great fight scenes, pumping music and a sense of humour curious only by their absence. No wonder Bridgette Wilson and Christopher Lambert decided not to appear.
Boys And Girls is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. it was horrible! I saw it in the movie theaters (don't ask why???)and i couldnt even sit through it. I can't point out one positive thing about it. for anyone who likes this movie (if there is anyone). dont get offended. BUT THIS MOVIE IS PATHETIC!
If this is supposed to be a "porn" movie it is the funniest one I have ever seen. Reminds me of the old Keystone cop and Sinbad The Pirate movies. Love the character Emperor Wang, such a dildo. Have seen the original Flash Gordon and all the cartoons and this sorta kinda resembles them. This movie is hilarious, great fun!!!
This movie seemed a lot more like an episode of the x-files than anything that would compare to the first film. This film lacks the emotional conflicts of the first and the direction, lighting, and special effects are lacking in comparison and in general. Pumkinhead II is a mediocre movie whose flaws are accentuated by comparing it to the original.
Oh, well I thought it should be a good action, but it was not. Although Jeff Speakman stars there is nothing to watch.Only two fight for almost 1,5 hours, yak.A lot of talking and everything is so artificial that you could not believe it. The plot is clear from the beginning. If you want good action don't rent this movie.
This is one of the worst movies ever made. To have the slightest chance of having a good movie, you have to start with some sort of story. This movie fails this decent start and embarks us in a long agony of boredom. The only good thing about this movie is that the viewer is not tied to his seat.
Eddie Murphy movies for kids seem to find their core humor in flatulence and elimination or sexual suggestiveness. Since all of his follow the same pattern it must be Eddie that chooses. And he was so good when he started. Trading Places, BH Cop, even SNL which he probably wrote showed his originality and flair and character. Long gone now.
I highly anticipated this movie, having enjoyed the book. Was very disappointed, as the movie either left out most of the exciting parts of the book or completely changed them. If you have an interest in the Titanic or in spy/action novels I highly recommend the book, but not the movie. Might be watchable if you haven't read the novel.
movie is a waste of film. lots of ugly naked people, thanks, Thats just what I wanna see... The jokes weren't funny either. How this film got made is a wonder to me. This is the sorry pimple on the butt of the soft porn industry. A pox on any who think this is worth while viewing material.
If Jacky Chan wanted to make a commercial, he should have, but not this movie full with promotion of the companies who sponsored him. Beside that the film is to long, with an unnecessary long ride in the truck, and a stupid ending in Italy. It is not exciting, it is not funny, and it never should have been made.
This Married With Children Reunion was such a let down. One hour and all it was is a clip show. Just some quick clips about Al, Peg, Kelly, Bud and Buck. Jefferson, Steve, Marcey were there but no clips really about them. FOX really let me down. This show gets a D-. And thats only cause MWC the show rules.
Bocelli's attempts at opera are painful. His voice is too small for arias like Nessun Dorma, which results in strain high notes, which in turn results in loss of pitch. Opera fans should avoid him like the plague. However, he does have a fine, pretty voice suited to kitschy, lush pop, if you like that kind of stuff.
How did this guy make it through law school? The main character in this movie makes so many stupid moves he deserves to be locked up. And the detective? He's so sure he has everything figured out when in fact he doesn't know jack. The plot had potential, the acting wasn't bad, but normal people just aren't this clueless.
. . .and you can't accuse it of being a "Top Gun" ripoff. But this one? No excuses! It is! Especially when you got one of the characters trying to carry himself like the Maverick character in Top Gun. I can see why the U. S. Air Force wouldn't lend a hand and its jets (again) for this one.
If your a big fan of the first movie this isn't the movie for you, its nearly as good as the first one. Bad cast members, bad story=bad movie. I didn't laugh even once throughout the whole movie, I couldn't even stand enough to watch the WHOLE movie! I guess its true that people only make sequels for the money.
From the creators of APEX & just as bad... This film has an 18 certificate god knows why? The acting is very cardboard, the story predictable & boring, even the FX & design are poor, I've seen better on 'Thunderbirds'. Not even Meg Foster could stop this space ship from sinking, avoid at all cost, go see Starship Troopers instead.
I watched most of this film only due the presence of Mary Ward who plays a waifish psych doc in this tedious excuse for a sci-fi mystery thriller. Not a moment of "action" nor a line of dialogue is of the slightest interest in this loser. The acting is painful to endure. TV (not even TV movie) quality production. 2/10
I thought this would be wry and amusing like Hope and Glory and others of that ilk. Instead, it was one-note and pedantic, making even the otherwise fantastic Mr. Postlewaite wear thin quickly. This movie has more anger than substance. It gets highly ranked because it is independent and the theme is popular, but it is just not very entertaining.
This film had very little to offer anyone that appreciates good movies. It might seem silly to say, this being a remake of a haunted house movie, but there was no plot to be found, nor were there any worthy likable characters. It is just another bad remake. Hopefully producers will start actually trying to find new scripts to shoot.
Why did i bother to even watch the film? God works in mysterious ways. DO NOT watch this movie unless the TV is already on showing the film and you 're tied tight in a chair with your eyes open and the tv control hidden and you suffer heavily from insomnia. If you do so otherwise you have no excuse.
This movie was alright, i wouldn't watch it again but it was okay, some people thought it was great and some people thought it was the stupidest movie in history but i disagree with both sides of the story. It was funny in some parts and Jon Lovitz is a great comedy actor but needed some work in this movie
Not all things at the end of the rainbow glitter. A demonic little Irishman(Warwick Davis) wreaks havoc in a small town in North Dakota when his golden coins are disturbed. Pretty lame, but decent for late late night viewing. Jennifer Aniston's big screen debut. Also in the cast: Mark Holton, Ken Olandt and Robert Gorman. Bad enough to be funny.
I was flipping through the channels when i stumbled upon this movie. I decided that I needed some time to kill so I watched the movie. When it was finally finished I had mixed feelings about the movie. At times i felt bored and confused. The movie in my opinion doesn't really stay true to the novel. But whateva. 4/10
This is undoubtedly one of the worst films I have ever seen! It's also one of very few that I actually walked out on before it ended. Very disappointing considering the cast and director, but the story is long and slow and the film seemed like it would never end. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this piece of crap!
I picked up this movie thinking, "Hey it's got Leslie Nielsen in it"... I usually love the characters that Leslie Nielsen plays, but even he could not save this one. It was described as a "comedy" but I really can't remember laughing once. All I could do was sit there and shake my head and pray for a power failure.
Oh, what can I say about this movie. I only watched half an hour, and it was the worst I've ever seen. The movie has been re-sold because of Leslie Nielsen's success with Naked Gun, but this movie is very bad. - I feel sorry of Leslie Nielsen, but this movie deserves 1/10, the budget must have been very small.
This movie was plagued by overall mediocrity. While parts of it were funny, many jokes were so bad that you question the movie being called a comedy. In terms of plot, there are many insignificant twists to the point where you don't even concern yourself with following the story, only to see what happens at the end. Not worth watching.
This ride sucks. I love Star Wars and there is no Star Wars character in this one. It is mediocre when compared to other simulators like Back to the future and Spiderman. Star Wars deserved a better ride. I still can't believe they have created a Star Wars ride without a single Jedi Knight, Sith Lord or light saber fight.
A tale of youthful lust, against a backdrop of the Suez crisis and national service. Interspersed with some great music of the era, which, for some reason the cast just start singing along to. Seems silly, and it is, but it works, and adds the right touch to the storyline, reflecting all those times when you wish life was a musical.
I really loved this movie. It was such an enjoyable film due to the great chemistry between the two leads. I can't seem to understand why Sherilyn Fenn isn't a huge star. She brings so much emotional honesty and depth to her roles. Anyone looking for a fun movie with good acting and romance, this is it! Great supporting cast too!
Ok that's a bit unfair, but out of seven, eight, and nine it just isn't as good as the other two. I found the plot to be pretty involving but i can't say the same for the magic system which i found to be useless (the magic doesn't do anywhere enough damage). However this is really the only fault with it.
This thing is really funny. There's some gross bits, like with Hellcop, but Patrick Bergin as the devil is very suave and funny. Ben Stiller pops up as about four different supporting characters, and his dad Jerry is in there too somewhere. I should track this down at my local video store! I haven't seen it in a while. Good fun.
When I first viewed this TV concert in 1972 I thought it the best TV concert ever. Nothing in the intervening 28 years has done anything to change my mind. Liza and director-choreographer Bob Fosse are at the peak of their respective careers and it shows in this luminous performance. I still hope for its return to video in some format.
I saw this movie on TBN, when they were playing it in honor of Nora Lam, of whom this movie is about. I totally agree with the message of this movie, because it gives hope to Christians who feel pressured by society, and it also shows Christians in America, that they should be thankful for the religious freedoms our government allows.
The movie is great fun, flaws or no flaws. I just sat back and enjoyed it from start to finish. I have seen Travels three times and still think it's great fun. I think it's a movie that will seem better and better with time. Any movie that remains entertaining after repeated views has got to have something worthy in it.
Yes, this is puppet pornography. Easily one of the most bizarre films I've ever seen, Let My Puppets Come can only be compared to one other film, Peter Jackson's excellently silly Meet the Feebles. All I can say is that you are in for an interesting 50 minutes. It shouldn't be exceedingly hard to find a copy, heck, it's on DVD.
While most movies are geared toward the younger crowd, this one tickled the funny bones of the 40+ generation. What a nice change! The language was surprising, but the antics were refreshing. There were some memorable moments, and some visuals you wish you could get out of your mind (Michael McKean to be exact). All in all...it was a fun-filled comedy.
As a new wheelchair user I learned more about driving a chair from this movie than from any other source. I've never seen any movie which shows as much detail of a guy in a chair and how he deals with everyday situations -- stairs, transfers, rough terrain, getting in and out of a car. Unfortunate translation of the title however.
I only bought this video to hear the voice of Bradley Cole who does Will, but to my surprise, I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. They are the most interesting little animated characters I've ever seen. It was easy to forget that they were animated at all. Sci-fi is not on my priority list but I've already watched this video 4 times.
This movie is one of the worst Hitchcock movies I've seen. It is boring and unfunny. Only good thing in this movie are the actors. Too bad this movie is so unfunny, because the plot could have made it funnier. But now "funny" scenes only include the characters burying, burying the body over and over again. * out of *****
While this film has aged well, it's not especially well made. It's watchable, maybe even entertaining, but I wouldn't say that it's worthy of the mystique that Hitchcock has aquired. Having also seen Rear Window, I'm wondering if that reputation is deserved at all. This is, however, a decent film, and better than many things being released in the present day.
Beautiful Peggy Ann Garner, not the plain little girl that played Francie in "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" is all grown up and plays the part of a female predator out to get her man in her first drama in living color. She plays the part well with lots of emotion and shows that she is a master of her craft.
SPIDER LABYRINTH is a late Italian Horror film, obviously inspired by the classic works of Mario Bava and Dario Argento. However, this is a classic in it's own right. A young scientist travels to Budapest to investigate the reasons for unexpected problems with a top secret project. He soon becomes, ah, entangled in the web of a sinister society... Highly recommended.
This film is quite good,very dreamy,and the nudity itself quite pleasant.The spider scene staggers belief!But imagine the room is full of opium smoke,and the film makes sense immediately.Its a bit like the unreal feeling of a heavy flu,it doesnt matter whats going on,its all happening anyway.Dont expect much more than what it obviously gives,and indulge in euro-trash at its most surreal.
An entertaining film about Holmes going to the USA, to recover an important diplomatic document. Reflects the wartime need to stress the democratic desires that were shared by the UK and the USA. Also needed by the increasing US involvement in the war against Germany. Serves as a good example of the attitudes of the day, together with an interesting plot.
This is not a light-weight, commercial or formula, film. It is a brave journey into the human soul. The "damsel in distress" is an inanimate object, the Red Violin. It evokes varied, sometimes profound, emotional reactions from all who see it for what it is. There are many fine performances, especially by Samuel L. Jackson. Excellent direction.
One of Val Lewton's classic horror flicks. Creepy and dark. While quarantined on a Greek island, the Plague is not the only thing you have to fear. This chilling story does its job in short order...72 minutes. Great half of a double feature. Mark Robson directs and Boris Karloff leads the cast that includes Ellen Drew and Jason Robards, Sr.
I dig this kinda movie way more than the big budget Hollywood horror films, and it's just as spooky. A bunch of masked devil worshippers chasing people around the woods is about the jist of this flick, but there's more to it, with some cool plot twists that I didn't see coming. Some great photography sequences at the rave party scene.
The movie starts out in good speed but slows down after a while. But only for a short period of time for it becomes one of the best dramas ever. Sean Penn is excelent as a retarded father and the way he tries and tries to get his daughter back..... My girl cried like a baby. Awesome movie, go see it.
Oh come on! Why did they make this film. The beginning is so nauseating and bloated with kiddie crap that this film must never be called a FAMILY film! If you're gonna take your kid to a FAMILY movie, than go see Shrek (Which actually has clever dialogue) This piece of trash is almost not worth reviewing! 1/2* out of ****.
Don Juan really was Flynn's last big budget extravaganza, and it really is a sumptous production. If ever any one was born to play Don Juan then it was Flynn. Solid support from Viveca Lindfors, Robert Douglas and Alan Hale. The film is up there with Robin Hood and its a shame that it is not more widely seen today. Enjoy.
This movie captures the beauty of Ireland and the magic of the Irish to create a enchanting story. The actors and actresses give stunning performances and repeatedly throughout the movie I had to remind myself that characters weren't real. I loved this movie so much that I have watched other movies about Ireland and based their merit upon this exceptional production.
This movie right here's gotta be one of the best horror films I've seen in a long time. At first it may seem a bit confusing and blurry but once you get into it, you really get into it. Like most truly good films some people won't get it, but if you understand the plot then trust me you'll enjoy it.
The main problem with this film is the casting. As Greer Garson's cold husband, Errol Flynn was cast. He is nothing short of superb, and he and Garson have great chemistry together. But the casting of Garson's lover went to Robert Young, and he is totally wrong for the role. One can never accept Garson's feelings for him over Errol Flynn!
This is a brilliant film, one of Carlos Saura's best. It is essentially a ballet, laced with gorgeous music and moving photography. I've seen it three times and have enjoyed it more each time. This isn't a teen flick, of course, and will not appeal to everyone. But for people serious about music, dance, and drama, this shouldn't be missed.
This musical from 1959 is a lot of fun. The music is particularly good and the dancing is first-class. Younger people, however, may not enjoy the movie, as it is not at all politically correct and reflects a time, the 1950s, that many of us who lived through it recall with great fondness. I'd give it seven stars out of ten.
Saw a trailer for this on another video, and decided to rent when it came out. Boy, was I disappointed! The story is extremely boring, the acting (aside from Christopher Walken) is bad, and I couldn't care less about the characters, aside from really wanting to see Nora's husband get thrashed. Christopher Walken's role is such a throw-away, what a tease!
After all these years and now having teen-age daughters myself, I haven't forgotten the impact that a first major crush can have on your life. As a teenager I related to everything Jessie felt, and now looking back on my own years, they were some of the most memorable! I can't wait for my own girls to see it with me!
This is an excellent music documentary about Chuck Berry and people who is inspired by him and his way to play the guitar. Its mix of live conserts, interviews and the scene when Chuck is teaching Keith Richard the riff for "Oh Carol" is probably the best i have seen. This is a "must see" film for anyone who likes music.
I like Godzilla. Because of this I can enjoy most godzilla movies. This is of course not high art. It is just campy fun that people like me enjoy from time to time. I will rate this movie a 7. Based on the IMD rating scale this makes it a movie worthwhile to see. ONLY if you like Godzilla!
As a teenager, this was by far my favorite movie. It inspired me to dream of the things that are possible with just a little imagination, and a lot of belief in the things that most people pass off as falsehood. A great movie for the young and young at heart. Very low key, but definately worth the 2 hour viewing.
I really don't like leaving comments about movies which are better left in a dumpster, but sometimes it's ones duty to warn others. Well....This is my warning! Please do not waste one moment of your time watching this "film". Your time would be better spent turning on your TV in order to watch commercials. It's really that bad - Trust me.
Myrna Loy vs. Jean Harlow, and when the man in question is Clark Gable in his prime, I'd fight over him too. A typical situation comedy with the usual misunderstandings, plot contrivances, and double entendres, is made delightful from the magnificent cast from top to bottom. Fast-paced and frantic, this is one to lie back, prop your feet up, and enjoy.
I saw this film when it first came out and I loved it then and still do so I'm pleased to have finally bought it on DVD. Just watch it!!! I found it funny throughout and the end of the film where the villain (played beautifully) suffered at the unknowing hands of Dennis is a joy to watch. Just watch it!!!
It´s a comedy. Mess of love, the main excene is when two women are in the ladies room of the opera crying and talking ironically about their affairs and marriage situation and Roberto(John Malkovich) is in the cornice trying to avoid them to discover his promiscuity; ne of the girls open a window and face Roberto there(lol). A brilliant plot, witty.
Trying to catch a serial killer, did they ever think of tracking the license plate number of the black van or fingerprint the video tapes he sent? Oh brother the plot of this movie was so full of holes it was pathetic. Now I know why there are bad movies in the world. This one however was one of the worst.
This is a movie I switched onto by accident,and then really enjoyed it.OK so the storyline was predictable and provided an excuse for the viewers to feel sad and shed a few tears.It is one of those movies that has no violence or sex and can be enjoyed by the whole family.Maybe I am too sentimental but I gave it 9/10.
I haven't seen this since its release, and I've looked for years to see if it made it to tape. At last, it has, and I'm buying a copy to see if it's still the barrel of black humor laughs I found it to be in '68 Brando was one of my favorites. Matthau a close second: "Snap to, fly boys!"
An average courtroom drama that's made watchable by the always superb Stockard Channing. Who plays a chain-smoking, wheelchair using lawyer filled with angst. It's not often you see such a strong, disabled female character, Stockard Channing is a master stroke in casting, she plays the role with inteligence and a intuitive subtlety. Class stuff one one of the finest ever actresses.
Brilliant - the story line is unique, the comedy is there, the acting is typically stupid and therefore fits right in with what we expect from Dan Aykroyd. The gags are hugely funny especially the references to our everyday things by their alien meanings! A must for FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT. A complete lack of swearing (almost unheard of these days) is refreshing!
As an American Indian in New York I could relate to the title character's confusion about his Indianness. At the same time I sympathised with him about the religious mumbo-jumbo thrust upon young Indians. A romantic story at heart, this movie skewers various stereotypes about the Indian community. A tremendously enjoyable film, specially if you understand the setting of an ABCD.
Its about a totalitarian society where people only have one chance at having a kid. They have this futuristic super max, with these ingestible detectors, and a computer mainframe warden. This film is great, watch for the scene with the d day computer virus, it is a classic. The character development, and acting is decent. Worth renting, I love this film.
I sincerely love this movie. Its well made, the storyline and script are both good, and the acting and singing by Bette are truly divine! Bette's vocals and charismatic acting ability shine through in this movie, which clearly shows the star she really is! After viewing this, I ran out and bought it, thats how good it is. 10/10
There are virtually no redeeming features in this tedious piece of animation. The songs are awful, the vocal characterisations weak, the story confused, the dialogue puerile and the animation, at best, a pale imitation of Disney. The only thing that it has going for it is a plea for peace, which, given the year that it was made, was certainly timely.
We watched this film in English class as a joke. This is one of the worst "films" I have ever seen and is so bad that you can watch the entire thing in fast-forward mode and not miss a single detail. The dancers are writhing. The dancers are rolling around in the dirt. The dancers are groping each other histrionically. Repeat.
This historically marked the return of perhaps the greatest hard rock band of all time: Axl Rose and his new Guns N' Roses Band! Awesome, totally awesome! It may not be the same lineup, but who cares, Axl Rose is and always will be Guns N' Roses, if it weren't for him, there would have never been any Guns N' Roses!
This last film was probably the most powerful of the BMWfilms.com series. Tense, riveting look at the life and death of a news cameraman. You learn more about this character than in many action full length films. Clive Owen also gets a chance to use his acting skills, certainly more than in the previous BMWfilms.com series. A gem of a film.
Night of The Scarecrow is a cool horror movie. The scarecrow may look cheesy but he is cool. There are some great killing scenes throughout the movie which make this a worth while watch. Not many people have heard of this, but still give it a go because it is much better then some of the other horror movies out there.
This is the movie I´ll never get tired of watching. I think it´s perfect! Incredible dialogues to match incredible characters/actors. The cast is just perfect! There´s no possible remake of this movie! No one can replace Jack Nicholson as Melvin Udall or Helen Hunt as "Carol, the waitress" or any of the others for that matter! Like I said it´s perfect!
Great action movie with cool car/bike/truck chases. Gary plays a cop whose family is wiped out by a drug boss. After he recuperates he sets out for revenge and some great martial arts sequences ensue. Gary seems to be going from strength to strength. Definitely check this out. As Joe Bob Briggs would say, gun fu, car fu, kung fu galore.
A very compelling story of what slavery was really like. The sometimes graphic but honest images left a very strong impression on me. No happy go lucky Uncle Toms willing to cater to the Master in all things. This film is one of my alternative favorites but is very hard to find. It should be required viewing for American history courses.
It's hard to get the full effect of how powerful this play is while sitting in one's living room. Death ... is an amazing story that really hits you in the theatre but loses its punch on the smaller screen. The performances are good, and the play speaks for itself however, Ms. Franz is the added bonus of seeing this version.
These games are AWESOME. If you have any way of obtaining a copy, I suggest you do. Not only are they fun and challenging (not too hard, though), but they also are filled with jokes! Guybrush Threepwood is my favorite computer character... and, if you're more into "modern tech.", then look up Escape From Monkey Island, the fourth in the series.
Big surprise of a movie! Very well written, with excellent performances by Liam Neeson and Oliver Platt. Some very witty humor, combined with lots of suspense/tension made for a rivetting film. The downsides were a few holes in the plot, as well as a somewhat "Hollywood" type of ending; a little too-neatly wrapped up. But all in all, a pleasant surprise!
DNA joins aspects of those two films to make something very cliched indeed. The river scene is lifted right out of Predator. Also, the special effects attempt to look full blown, but defects are too obvious - such as the scale of the exploding helicopters being the same size as the people running away from them. Avoid if you favour originality.
I don't know, maybe I don't understand what the director was trying to show us. When I was watching this movie, i thought, huh, maybe it will get better and when it didn't i though maybe it will actually go somewhere but no. This movie suckes the whole way through. Nothing made any sense. I can't think of one good thing.
Olvier Gruner stars as J269 a robot who becomes the target of a group of mercenaries sent to destroy him after he kills a man trying to rape Nora Rochester (Daphne Ashbrook), fearing bad press Goddard Marx orders the machine dead in this well made yet very routine rip off of Robocop and The Terminator. Automatic however does have good actionscenes.
Despite some atmospheric moments, some OK special effects and likable performances by Peter O'Toole and Steve Guttenberg (Daryl Hannah is too "soft"; Beverly D'Angelo is disappointing), this film is a fiasco. It suffers from special effects overkill, and the plot, which potentially contains some interesting developments, makes little sense. I think I'll have forgotten all about this film by tomorrow... (*1/2)
Altman should have hung them up right after making M*A*S*H. This movie is bad. The character development stinks, the plot is incoherent and humor is scarce. Paul Dooley - as always - puts in a great performance which is totally wasted in this scrap heap of a movie. What was Altman even attempting to say in this bowser is beyond me.
Somewhat entertaining. The movie is essentially plot -driven. The plot is incredulous at best but when it has holes in it there isn't much left. The bit with the birds is a major flaw. Homing pigeons "home" to one location only. They will not fly back & forth. In my mind the romance at the end is also totally unbelievable. 4/10
Oh dear, this is a bad movie. The acting by lead Robert Horton is even more horrible than the monsters. He keeps on repeating the line 'That's an order, Mister' all through the movie. The same year Kubrick made '2001' this movie was released. You can't help wondering what would have happened if Kubrick didn't revolutionized the SF-genre.
Candyman was a creative horror masterpiece with a fantastic premise, Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh had the stupidest, most overused and pathetic premise. It held the foul stench of cheap knock offs. Stealing plots from Halloween, Nightmare on Elm Street and every other slasher film. It was so intolerable and stupid that it brings the term sequel to a new low.
You gotta see it to believe how bad oh i mean good this movie really is. Trust me rent it and you'll go home p***ed oh i mean happy. Joe Mazzelo does some outstanding acting, as does the rest of this no-name crappy half witted moron pathetic cast, and they call this a movie? 1 out of 10 is the grade!!!
I had the screener of this film in my hands for 5 days now. I have been trying to watch this film for 5 days now. I can't get into it. I had high hopes but it is just so dull!!! It is filmed well but, damn it is boring!! If you can't fall asleep, rent this movie, it will help.
One word - horrible. Don't waste your money, spend it on something else. This movie is dry, boring and even with Jason Biggs, it can't be saved. Very very poor script, the acting was as good as it could have been, with this pathetic script. Too bad maybe next time. At least they had nice scenery of San Francisco. Very predictable.
Painful to watch such great acting talented wasted. Who comes up with such plots? There are so many good sources... While I understand the commercialism involved in making such a TV series, I never understand why producers and directors believe that audiences will tolerate such poor quality as fare... Those interested in Merlin would be advised to read Mary Stewart's trilogy.
The stupidest film of all time, never watch it.I saw it and will never see it in my life. Ed is an ape, not a chimp, they say it isa chimp but it isn't a chimp. A chimp is smaller, cuter, smarter and less loud, Ed is the worst film of all time, so never watch it, mark my words.
Though the acting was ok...I'm tired of seeing big name actors on the cover of B-movie video boxes(was this made for video or was it released in Japan?)...did they just need a payday? Not as bad as LAPD with Dennis Hopper but I still gave it a 1. I apologize to everyone who believes that this style of movie-making is art!
This plot line is totally unbelievable- who would actually fall for this guy? I am sorry that I wasted ANY time on this made for tv movie. The only movie that I have seen that is worse stars Susan Lucci, and she can't act her way out of a paperbag, so that isn't saying much (French Silk). Anyway, DON"T see this.
A very low budget movie with really poor acting. The comedy attempts failed miserably and the Playboyish scenes with half naked latinas are just pathetic since they have nothing to do with the plot. I'm not even gonna go into the action bits... Skip this one and go rent "American Me" or "Blood In Blood Out" instead.>
this is a masterpeice. well it would be a masterpeice if it was supposed to be a comic look into the future. everything about it jusst makes me laugh from the way rickenbecker runs to the cheesy flashbacks and the un-needed nudity of the lets face it ugly lead female. if ever you feel like a good laugh watch this film.
I watched this film on Sky Movies last night and it has got to be one of the worst I've seen - terrible acting, effects and a ridiculous plot full of holes. It is so bad it to be almost funny in places, except that I wasted an hour and a half of my life over it - Stay well clear!!
Average cast. Predictable plot. And a happy ending... Uhh.. What kinda movie is this supposed to be anyways? Too lame to be a thriller, so let's say it's one of those semi-suspense flicks. Pretty standard film all in all that really has not much new to offer... If you don't have anything better to do, you might as well watch this.
This snail's-pace "thriller"/mystery seems to have been designed for the theater, not for the movie screen. There is a single set, the various characters' entrances and exits give the film an extremely stagy feeling and when they talk, they usually utter lines of heavily portentous dialogue. The performances are generally stiff, except for Bela Lugosi, who overworks his facial muscles. (*1/2)
This is one of the worst horror films I have ever seen - and I watch an awful lot of them. The acting is even more wooden than the trees in the wood. The character reactions are not in the least believable and the plot is more rickety than the old bridge. Do yourself a favor and pass this film by.
If you like to see a strange old man messing around with innocent young girls - which are even working for him - you're right! And you'll also see a lot of strange "games" with food - befor and after having been eaten...I know i didn't understand the deeper sense of this movie, but it just was to strange for me...Don't!
i should have known this one would be below average. it had loser written all over it. Direct to video steven seagal (back in pony tailed fat mode) this was very cheap looking. Dennis Hopper was over the top (what did you expect!) c'mon tom sizemore deserves better movies than this. :-( *1/2 out of ****
Were it not for the antics and comedy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 crew, this movie would be a waste of the film it's printed on! The acting is crap, the music is crap, the sets are crap, the direction is crap, and the camera angles (all three of them) are crap! I think that pretty much sums it up.
I have noticed in a lot of my reviews I have mentioned how beer may make the movie better. There is not enough beer on Earth to make this movie watchable!!! This movie just...SUCKED!! Bad acting,story,plot,effects and so on. It's not even bad in a good way and I like bad movies. I have had more entertaining dumps than this flick!!
This movie bears only a vague resemblence to the novel, which is a classic, but this movie was a travesty. I was spluttering and ranting throughout the vast majority of it, as they added a 'love interest' and took other liberties with the story to make it more fitting for a Hollywood formula. My condolences to the cast and crew.
This movie lacks one thing. Do you know what this is? Brains! In one scene a little boy is riding his bike up a hill, but the bike is carrying a bath tub and a seal in the bath tub! I don't think Hulk could do that! One word describes this story. Bad. A child could make up a better plot!
A big piece of ****! But the scene with the werewolf is so ridiculous, you won't believe it! Also, consider that even in original version it's not synchro. Super low budget movie. Actually, this is a good movie to watch when you wanna have fun with your friends. Hard to find also. A must see for the bad movies fans!
I think every movie deserves a chance but! The Creature wasnt nice does not deserve even one minute of the 90 plus minutes of my life I wasted watching this piece of space waste!!!!!!!! My friend bought this attempt at a movie for $6 dollars Canadian at walmart I think that with todays exchange rate thats less than a dollar American.
Generally I think I like feature-film spin-offs of TV sitcoms more than most viewers. But this is a dire example of the genre. I suspect the actors were forced into performing in it for contractual reasons beyond their control. As revenge they then conspired to make a comedy that contained no laughs. If this was the case they were successful.
This isn't the cowboys vs. indians or "saved by the Cavalry" formulaic western. There is characterization! Jack Palance delivers a great performance. He can act when the script and director allowed him. Tony Perkins seems to be the same character as he was in Tin Star. Great outdoor scenery; the studio should have paid the extra cost to film this in Technicolor.
If you ever, God forbid, think of renting this movie, DON'T. It is the worst, most boring piece of trash I have ever seen. I was ready to shoot myself ten minutes into this so called 'movie'. Do not watch this movie, EVER!!! If you are with friends and they all agree to watch this movie, do EVERYTHING you can to escape!!
It is hilarious to see a detective trying to work while fighting extreme obsessive/compulsive behavior, as well as germaphobia strong enough to merit using anti-bacterial wipes after every handshake. While these tendencies sometimes take center stage, the writing is well-balanced and touching so that it becomes a very enjoyable comedy/drama and not a ridiculous farce. Entertaining and engaging for just about anyone!
The Columbo formula was thrown out the window here. Unfortunately, so was the pacing. The result is one of the most boring entries of the series -- complete with a Columbo who seems to be making fun of himself half of the time. At the end, since Columbo didn't seem to care that much about catching the killer, I lost interest too.
I love this series. I hope that it has a good, long run. Tony Shalhoub is awesome in this role, the writing is great, Bitty Schram is excellent as Monk's nurse. More and more of my friends are getting hip to this series and love it too. This is the only show on TV that I consistently watch and tape every week.
I rather enjoyed watching "Shooting Fish" on a hot, humid summer night, when there was nothing better to do than rent a video. It's a nice film, and has some very funny scenes, but it's also a very light one, and doesn't require too much attention. If you're looking for a light and breezy comedy, you can't go wrong with this one.
Great stunts, decent story, good fight scenes, but some of the action was just plain silly. Most Jackie Chan movies try WAY too hard to be funny, and this one is no exception. It just isn't funny and the attempts are silly and unintelligent. They should just stick to fighting and stunts and they'll be fine. Jackie Chan is terrible at comedy.
I've seen this three times. Each time I have enjoyed it even more. In my opinion it is truly the best animated movie of 1998! The special effects stunning and the character design refreshing. All in all, Dreamworks has a winner. Not bad for a crew that comprises mostly of very talented European Artists who were not all poached from Disney.
This truly is one of the most beautifully made films of the 80's. The directing was picture perfect and the performances by the actors was magnificent. Their work was extraordinary it is puzzling to me why none of them ever got any awards for their performances. Everyone was perfect right down to the extras. This movie is truly worth paying five dollars.
This sleeper comedy, which happens to be Chris Farley's last movie, is very underrated. Unlike many opinions in the past, I adore the comic interaction between Chris Farley and Matthew Perry. Eugene Levy does a nice job too, although you really have to look to realize that it's him. Hopefully people will realize how funny this movie really is in the future.
I saw this movie in England when it first came out and it has stayed with me ever since. It is an unusual mystery about which twin actually committed murder. The ending is a surprise and the acting of two parts by Herbert Lom made him one of my favourite actors long before he became well known in the Pink Panther series.
I have a poor copy that was probably made off the air. Despite the technical shortcomings, the film is a delight to watch. The staging of the various operetta's was done with taste and love. I watch it at least once a year and enjoy it each time. I only wish I could find a reasonable copy. It seems to have vanished.
It is incomprehensible how Leonard Maltin can badmouth this riotously funny movie. Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis play off beautifully against each other in this tale of two misbegotten and forlorn visitors to the Big Apple who suffer every indignity that can befall two out-of-towners, and then some. It's a comedy classic in my book. The 1999 Martin/Hawn remake pales by comparison.
Saw this film Last monday at NY Film Festival. It has 2 very appealing leads and a solid cast. Its a romantic comedy that tugs at the heart strings and serves up some hot swing music. Its a winning combination that is definitely a chick movie and will also pull in the crowd hungry for nostalgia. What more could you ask for?
Somewhat of a plodder, but beautifully filmed, James Brolin is an unexpected and welcomed surprise in this "deco" period piece of late 30's, early 40's Hollywood. Jill Clayburgh's portrayal of Lombard is lively albeit somewhat over-acted and strained, though the entire production is first rate with a solid supporting cast. James Brolin definitely nailed Gable's character; that alone makes it worthwhile viewing.
Great film. This movie did not do as well as expected at the box office. But it was one helluva smash on Cable - back in the late 70's/early 80's. I hope to see a re-release of this film on video. Hopefully there will be a special edition DVD in the works soon. The chemistry between Brolin and Clayburgh is absolutely astounding.
I was born and raised in the South. Be assured that, in the renditions of character in "The Apostle," nothing was "over the top". If you want to see a splendid portrayal of the process of redemption in its most elemental form, see The Apostle. "The Apostle" and "L.A. Confidential" tied for best picture of 1997, the fatuously awarded "Titanic" notwithstanding.
I'm watching this movie as I'm writing these comments. Anyone who has experienced tragic loss can identify with one of the characters. Kate Nelligan projects a range of emotions and frustration seldom seen outside of theater. Kudos to the writers for characters that can't be forgotten. You can't watch this movie without be haunted by the location, the music, and the story.
I found this movie to be incredible! I found the very adult relationship to be extremely intense. I was completely interested in the story that was being told on the film. It's very rare that you find a movie that truly touches the depths of human relationships, this was one of those movies. Incredible! I'll give it the perfect 10 rating.
You won't know who to root for, if anybody, in this Hitchcockian caper film, which seemingly pits Gayle Hunnicut and Michael Sarazin up against Hunnicut's Aunt in order to steal her fortune -- or does it? And what is it all really about anyway? The location camerawork in San Francisco is terrific. And, Linden Chiles scores highly in a key supporting role.
Really enjoyed this one, primarily because of the vigilante angle. I like to see a guy get paid back for messing where he shouldn't. The bad guys messed with the family of the hero, so he came to town and paid them back in spades. Swayze carried a double rig shoulder holster, and knew how to use the hardware. Lots of gunplay.
This is definitely the best movie I have ever seen! It was great to see all the celebrities in the late 80's! Especially Courteney Cox! Barry Bostwick was also one of the best actors in the movie! All the romance and passion is definitely there! If you ever get the chance to see it, don't let the experience slip away from you!
One of the most beautiful pictures ever lensed. Rhythmically elegant, unashamedly sensual. An erotic interlude in the lives of Anais Nin, Henry Miller and his wife June is fashioned into an exceptionally compelling screenplay, brought to exquisite life by a truly gifted filmmaker. Philip Kaufman's genius is without peer, and "Henry and June" ranks as the very best film of the 1990s.
I did not hate this movie! It was actually pretty good. The effects were fine, the story was different, and Saxon was pretty good. The Vietnam sequences could have been filmed in my backyard...but this offered enough chills and violence to redeem my rental price of 99 cents. Space Maggot is feeling a little woozy, and cannibalistic, and sucks this a 7.
This is my second favorite movie behind maximum overdrive! It just so happens that both movies are from 1986. The Wraith has great cars, great music, great racing action & decent actors. Too bad that most viewers of this movie will see it cut up on TV, but if you hurry, you can get it on VHS or DVD like I did.
Lots to look at, as you would expect from an Italian film. Supernatural in theme, not much of a plot. This is not necessarily a negative thing, considering how effective if worked in Dario Argento's "Inferno". Plenty of nudity from Rita Calderoni which doesn't hurt. Somewhat similar in gonzo style (but not as frantic)to Polselli's "The Reincarnation of Isabel". Worth a look.
I initially viewed the movie in it's theatrical release and thought it was an incredible production. Fabulous story, great music and wonderful cinematography. I was looking forward to adding this title to my collection, but no widescreen version! This is a movie that deserves to be kept in it's theatrical form. I hope the producers will re-release this as a widescreen DVD!
Jenseits der Stille (Beyond Silence) is an excellent film. I wish I had seen (or heard about) this film years ago! I am a big fan of German cinema and have worked closely with the Deaf community in Canada. The performances were outstanding and the story realistic. I hope to see more works by these actors, the writer and director. Chad
Wow this was a great movie! The acting and comedy was incredible, along with cutting edge (for its time) special effects. Meryl Streep and Goldie Hawn are a hilarious duo, backed up by Bruce Willis's fantastic performance. I've seen this movie countless times, and it just gets better and better. The best of all time! They need to re-release it into theaters!
This is a movie that sadly most people will never get the chance to enjoy. A digital independent feature that is more ambitious than most Hollywood products these days. The script is smart, funny and original. If you get the chance check it out - it has twists and turns that will keep you guessing and some great dialogue between the characters.
Great coming-of-age movie. Has alot of heart and touches on real Americana - apropos for our times. Wonderful mix of love story and love of baseball. I was routing for them all the way! Hopefully this director-writer team will get a chance to do something again with a bigger budget and more well known talent, but very enjoyable none the less.
Why this film has recieved an average of 6.5 is a total mystery! I can only agree with some of the other commentators: see it, as if it was a parody! Just wait for the finishing line: "Come on girls, Daddy is here - it´s time to go home!" Rip your hair out, cry - or laugh your brains out... your choice!
This film works as a nice little reality check for us "over-aged" surfers. We see Rick teased with getting a so called real job, and we see him doing what he loves to do....being at the beach. Nice direction for a 70's film and real nice character development. Ann Archer shows her acting skills and of course Sam Elliott steals the show.
This is an enjoyable movie as long as you aren't expecting much. It's got it's moments, some you'll laugh at, and some you'll shake your head at. But all in all not a bad way to spend your time on a lazy afternoon. And the director should thank Jack Elam, without him this movie would have lost over half of it's laughs.
Candyman was a horror movie that required an open mind. It was a beautiful movie with what was, by far, the most fitting ending that such a movie can have. The premise was unique and creative, and the movie required some thought as to what really went on in the film, but I praise it as the greatest horror/slasher film since 79.
If you are a fan of Al Capp, then this movie is a must to see! The dialog is witty and funny as well as the music. Back in the 1960's most High School had a Sally Hawkins day, as well as a Li'l Abner party once a year. After seeing this movie, you will be smiling to yourself for days afterwards!
The most hardcore bad film buff will be surprised by the overall ineptness of this grade-z "film". Mary Woronov, a clever actress best known for her roles as Mary Bland in Eating Raoul and Miss Togar in Rock 'N' Roll High School, is by far the best thing about this tripe. This film is almost too bad even for MST3K - honestly!
Do not look at the cover, do not read the back, avoid this movie like the plague! The story is horrendous, everytime the kid mentions his dad lightning flickers in the backround, which is extremely fake. It is a pointless, stupid, absurd movie which should of never of been made. Watch this movie solely if you're in the mood for a comedy.
This one looked like it was filmed during the 40's right down to the overly waved up hair on some of the women. Fine acting by the 3 main characters go along with the props [especially the bowling pin machines] to give the viewer a sense of the war years. Not a real deep story, but well done and well worth seeing.
This movie was sooooo bad that i cant believe i sat throught it all. The only good parts of the movie? The special effects.Dont waste your time or money!! As for a alien creature from outer space? what the hell was the writer thinking?? The dialouge that was terrible!! You can see it wasnt there real voices just poorly done computer work.
This film is a drive-in classic! It is exactly what a low-budget movie should be: never boring. It has it all: broads, guns, bloodshed, redneck preacher-gone-bad. Lynda Carter and Belinda Balaski are the standouts in the cast, primarily when they cast off their duds! I can't wait until this comes out on DVD! It will be a proud edition to my library.
Though slightly better than its predecessor (CROW: CITY OF ANGELS), this one follows Crow numero dos by ripping off the scenario of the superior original film rather than acting as a sequel. Some decent acting, and the mood of melancholy keeps it afloat, but the extremely routine storyline is difficult for the viewer's emotions to overcome. ** out of ****.
This movie, much like Swingers and Tomcats and Van Wilder bring about an enlightening view for young men out in the dating scene. Some scenarios are exaggerated in the movie, never the less, shocking similarities are clearly recognized. Ryan Reynolds cocky yet confident attitude, portrayed in the movie, is hilarious! All single men should be required to see the movies mentioned above.
One of the most haunting,soul-wrenching dramas I have ever seen, made much more so because it actually happened! The cruelty & unfeeling actions portrayed by the German officers gave me the feeling that I wanted to scream! It was so gut-wrenching. It is a movie we all should see lest we forget the reign of terror inflicted by the horror's of war.
Songwriter is a rollicking country comedy, not exactly what you'd expect from Alan Rudolph. Willie Nelson is wonderful in this picture, an actor of considerable great subtlety as well as the great singer you already knew he was. Rip Torn is hilariously hammy. If you have any fondness for the country (especially the Texas country) millieu, this is one to check out.
Although I'm sure I'll be in the "minority" here, I found this film extremely unsatisfying. CGI abounds (money has obviously been spent) but the plot holes and under-developed characters left me flat. Also, where was the suspense? The denouement was predictable. In the end, the "look" of the film was the only thing that held my interest. Two out of five stars.
I don't like movies where the girl leaves the guy who doesn't do anything wrong within the relationship. That is just because I am insecure. Aside from that this is a pretty good movie. It is surreal at times, but doesn't go to far and become pretentious art schlock. If you are looking for something weird and fun, think about this one.
This film reveals a lot about the reconstruction era in the U. S. after the Civil War. It is amazing to see this era explained without an agenda or politically correct spins that Americans are fed now. The post Civil War era in the South shows the hardships the people faced and how one honorable Yankee military governor attempts to handle it.
This sequel to the 1994 actioner "No Contest" (which I enjoyed much more than I expected to) is a much inferior film. The fight scenes are not badly choreographed, but all the rest is just SO stereotypical and familiar. Shannon Tweed still is up to the game, but Lance Henriksen does his usual "psychotic villain" number, and we're not impressed anymore. (*1/2)
This game is a riot! With a little practice, you can have hours and hours of fun. Build up an army and save the universe. Even if you've never tried a strategy-type game, this one is definitely worth your effort. You can play the provided missions, go one-on-one vs the computer or go online and play with friends or strangers.
For the fans of the so-called "Hong Kong blood opera" -genre this movie is a must see. Great visual styling, great acting, excellent script with originality and good directing. There is constantly the feeling of great drama even in the occasional moment of stillness. When you've seen all the classics by John Woo then movies like this are where you should continue.
Ok...Ok....this movie don't be compared with the great series of 60's and 70's (one the best series based in super-heroes), but it was could better...the plot is confused, in 20 minutes the movie wins a new protagonist...the Daredevil, a Black Daredevil??? where's the red uniform??? Really...nothing in this don't make justice to the original series...nor the presence of Stan Lee in cast.
the best thing about this movie is the way it brought sad feeling to me without making me depressed. i enjoyed every minute of it. and i also love the ending, it's simply beautiful. somehow i still sense "hollywood things" in it, but i think it's understandable, considering we're living in a time when hollywood rules the film industry of the world.
If you've read the comics, you'll be happy with this adaptation (and you'll be the part of the audience that gets the yellow spandex joke!) My friends that I saw this with, who were NOT familiar with the XMen beyond the promos, also enjoyed this very much. (Wolverine's original costume in the comics was made primarily of... yellow spandex).
An OK movie but not a great movie. The story is not compelling, maybe because it tries to stay too close to the original media. The X-men powers are cool at first but become quickly boring. Some of the X-men give the impression they themselves aren't very familiar with their own powers as if they just discovered them. Save your $9.
A lot of people have forgotten how to have a good time over the years. This movie brings it all back with its witty humour and an original plot. Before Mike Myers began completely embarrassing himself with the third instalment of Austin Powers, he played many a great character. This movie is not to be missed. A 9/10 in my books.
This movie was a great way to get some understanding of someone who seems to have been famous forever. It's fun and keeps moving, but at times it was hard to keep track of the passage of time in the film. It didn't seem clear how much time was passing from scene to scene and, before I knew it, it was 1987.
I'm very impressed by watching this movie. The Rocky Dennis story is sad, but the courage of this boy impress you, and make you think about how stupid people are when they take an opinion about others paying attention only to their physical features. I love Eric Stoltz very much for his wonderful performance. Cher is very good too, as Rocky's mother.
"The Thief of Bagdad" (1924) is an amazing adventure film and it is one of my favorite movies. Starring the athletic Douglas Fairbanks, Senior. Based on the "Arabian Nights" it tells you the story of a thief - Ahmed - in Bagdad that fell in love with a beautiful Princess and has now to gain her love, because "Happiness must be earned".
This film was hilarious Chad Donella did a great job as Sam, a guy surrounded by beautiful woman and trying to win their hearts. I wouldn't call this film the best I have ever seen but it's a film for anyone that wants to have a laugh and to not take the film seriously. Go rent a 100 Women today.
I like "Happy Gilmore" and "the Wedding Singer" more than any other Sandler movies. Sure Sandler still plays a goof ball with a annoying voice but "Happy Gilmore" makes me laugh even though it doesn't force me to do so. The movies that made Sandler popular, "the Water Boy" and "Big Daddy" are some what similar to Jim Carrey's stupid disgusting comedies.
This is a very interesting film. The three stories in the film are connected in some way, and yet not completely connected. The first story explores the issue of homosexuality, which I think is a brave idea in a country that is quite religious. The film is beautifully shot, and the locations seem realistic and reflect the daily life of the people.
This well written script was enhanced by the performances of Grant, Loy, Temple and Collins. Some may say the storyline is farfetched - but most movies are guilty of this crime. The movie is original in idea, but had the same formula and end results for the productions made back then (and a few right now). Highly Recommend this movie.
One of the funniest films I've seen in a long time. It's rare treat to find erudite wit and slapstick humor coexisting. I found myself thinking about it at work the next day and laughing. The cast is terrific and I suspect we'll be hearing more from Erika Burke and Juliet Furness who did splendid jobs with Macbeth and Lady M respectively.
The story is enormously week. The scenes are glued together, and everything is so obvious, it's scary! It is not the acting that is bad, it is not fantastic, but it is everything this film has going for it. And then there is the soundtrack, the highlight of this flick! Thank god you also just listen to it, without this awful film!
This is a tawdry, cheap and offensive little movie that should have been strangled at birth. Not only an offense to the brilliant film it allegedly is a sequel to, but to anyone who might rent or watch it on that strength. Dismally acted, scripted and shot, it is one of the genuinely worst movies I have had the displeasure to see.
I found Sally Prager's portrayal of Claudia delightful. The character is intelligent, curious, full of wonder, and caring toward her younger brother. Her independence and courage are admirable. I sympathized completely with "Mrs. Frankweiler's" attraction to this spunky young girl. Ingrid Bergman's appearance toward the end of this movie elevates the film to a new level; as ever, her acting is superb.
This film, which was a vehicle for Diana Ross's film career, harbors what could be described as some of the best performances put on screen. Diana's portrayal of Billie Holiday, Billie Dee Williams's acting, and Richard Pryor's performance were all Oscar calibur. This film is a gem and should have been given more attention by the Academy and by the film industry.
I found this movie strangely unemotional, and to be honest, I wasn't sure if I was insulted or not. By the end, I didn't care one way or another. As long as I didn't have to listen to that man any longer..Benigni needs an editor on his dialogue. I did enjoy Horst Bucholz's small part, but it was lost in this movie.
I don't know who is giving this movie all those 10's. It cannot seriously be based on the quality of the movie. The directors are more talented than they got credit for in the series, but the movie is completely predictable and full of sorry cliches. Shia Lebeouf is a decent actor but, personally, possibly the most annoying person I've ever seen.
"The Curse"is a total,almost unwatchable garbage,I can't believe the positive reviews people give it here.The acting is bad,the special effects are lame,and the script is obnoxious and stupid.More boring than scary "The Curse" is one of the lamest horror movies I have seen.Why such great director like Lucio Fulci produced this one is beyond me.Watch it to make fun of it.Not recommended.
Once you have witnessed the scene where Pamela (as a hooker??? how cheesy is that... at least the director knows why we are watching this crap...) gets the job done, you have no more reason to keep watching this atrocity... I put a 3/10 but for a girl or anyone who thinks Pam is ugly, this movie is not even worth that...
Haha, that's easily the only good thing I remember about this piece of trash! I remember when I first saw this and thought "Whoa, Rutger must be pretty embarrassed to have done this", well, he did get to do a pretty hot chick in this one, and it's surprisingly graphic, with only penetration the only part of the act not directly shown!
> After reading the other comments I decided to watch this movie. What a > mistake. The script is full of holes (e.g. Gibbs never reconfronts Stamos > after discovering he's not a cop, Stamos' family protects him even after one > of their own is killed, etc.,etc., etc.). The movie is just plain slow and > boring. Don't waste your time.
Garbage. Honestly I don't know if this had any redeeming features. Hmmmmm....I think it was a short movie, but I'm not sure. Somebody tried to give two talentless, unsympathetic gimps hip, trendy, Tarantino-esque dialogue, but failed miserably. The hitman is utterly ridiculous in every sense. The acting stinks, the characters stink, the script stinks. I guess I kinda like the title though...
This movie looks and feels too much like what it is--a play. As a result it has an artificial feel to it, and does not cut it as a movie. William Hurt is one of my favorite actors, but his prancing around his jail cell is painful to watch, and is a poor and uninteresting characterization of a gay person. 4/10
Alterning elements from "Waterworld" and "Mad Max", this film is a pleasure to the eyes with beautiful sand landscapes from chilen Atacama´s desert. Besides, it´s a pleasure to the ears, with the outstanding brazilian diva Sandy and her voice. Go to see it now, but don´t forget to take a big glass of water before. I´ve got very thirsty at the end.
This is simply the worst movie ever created by human kind. Please never see it and avoid it like the plaque. The acting is terrible, the premise is simply awful. The effects are the worst thing I have seen since Big Trouble in little China Town. At all costs, avoid this, even if it in involves shooting yourself squaw in the noots.
Leave it to the French to make an artsy-fartsy vampire flick. A heavy emphasis on atmosphere, decor and sex while devoid of any substance. Pretentious acting, weak direction and a mediocre script. On the plus side, the score is kinda groovy and the naked babes (it's a French film, after all) make it easier on the eyes, though not enough to recommend.
A slasher stalks kids at a....well, at a cheerleader camp, slaughtering them in the macabre ways introduced in the FRIDAY THE 13TH series. Some good gore scenes, some great gratuitous female nudity, some lame one-liners, adds up to a delight for slasher fans. Other need not bother. MPAA: Rated R for graphic violence and gore, nudity, sexuality, and some language.
I think this movie made my eyes bleed. This is a perfect example of bad "art" movies. Dull, incoherent, pedestrian direction, mediocre acting, clueless editing, blind cinematography, and almost certainly no writing (this thing surely couldn't have been scripted). Perhaps Bill Gunn should have made the standard blaxploitation vampire movie he was hired to make. It certainly couldn't have been any worse.
This movie did play like a dream or maybe even like an autobiography - it was disjointed. It was basically a bunch of mostly random scenes throughout this lady's life and you wonder what is going to happen next to her. The scenery was beautiful, but that is the only redeeming value I could find. Wait for it to come to tv.
No, this isn't THE next big swedish movie. If you are looking for something like Lasse Hallström's "My life as a dog", you better keep looking. The script is poor, the characters are heavily undeveloped and the cinematography is full of clichés. This movie gets a 3/10 only because of Esa Vuorinen's photo (superb) and Nadine Kirschon's debut as the young sister.
This is possably the worst movie ever made! Even the beautiful Natasha Henstridge suck in this movie! I have no clue what so ever to how this movie even got past editing, cause they had to see how very, very, very bad it was there... Stay clear of this one! I just want to cry because I spent $4 renting it...
I saw this movie when it came out in the theaters and I was a fan of the Donnie & Marie Show...However, even though I was only 15 when I saw it, I was shocked and disappointed at how bad this film was. It was so bad, I was embarrassed for them and I walked out of the movie half way through.
This is probably the worst adaptation of any Sherlock Holmes story I have ever seen. Though the setting and characters are the same, the plot doesn't even resemble the original story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. If you know anything of Doyle's works and Sherlock Holmes, you will be sorely disappointed. If you don't, you won't learn it from watching this story.
God awful dramatization of Balzac's story of the same name. Lange and Shue are dreadfully miscast, and the script writer completely failed to capture this wry and bitter tale. If you want to see this story with real meat on its bones, try finding a copy of the 1971 Masterpiece Theatre production. Margaret Tyzack makes Jessica Lange look like milk toast.
The best thing about this whole movie is the guys wicked laugh, but beyond that there is pretty much nothing. The whole plot is pretty unrealistic. Several things that happen in the movie are impossible and don't make sense. Anywayz this movie is good to watch if you want to hear a freaky laugh, but other than that don't waste your time.
I probably haven't seen such a bad movie since Kull the Conqueror. This movie is an offense even to the teenage genre, it's about a mind controlling chip that is installed to the small town high school rebel students, turning them into "A" students, football jocks and cheerleaders in a scheme for world domination, so, see it a your own risk.
I hate this movie so much with love.I love French Stewart,but I hate him in this.This film makes no sense what so ever.How did claw get old when this film takes place 4 years later.Why didn't penny get older.Why does the town look different.Why is Gadget still stupid when his glitches are fix.Why ask why.This is stupid.Too many question,none of the answers.
This is another one of those small independent films that everyone says is great, but it really isnt. The story has been told before in several other better films. This film isnt even acted well, Gweyneth Paltrow is as annoying as ever in her slutty character. This film is just boring and a waste of time. Skip it. *1/2 out of ****.
Given the names in the cast this movie was exceptionally bad. Poor acting, poor scripts, poor directing. Miss this one on purpose. The settings are about the only things, that have any redeeming quality. The weapons are nice but have unrealistic damage to objects also. I'd rather watch Lion King for the 10millionth time with the kids, than watch this one again.
"The Naked Cage" is a textbook anthology of "Women-In-Prison Drama" cliches (innocent heroine, sadistic warden, lesbianism, catfights, stabbings, riots, etc.). Watching it, you feel as if you're wallowing in a cesspool, and the fact that leading actress Shari Shattuck is not believable for a minute certainly doesn't help matters. At least Christina Whitaker is spirited and fun as the "wild" Rita. (*1/2)
Accomplishing what I had thought impossible, this film moves from intriguing/thriller-worthy premise to absolute schlock within 5 minutes of the opening credits. No story. No characters. No acting. Dubious cinematography (I guess it's just a Blue, Blue World). All this matched by an ending which establishes a new standard for 'lousy'. Given that it was a free rental....I want my money back.
I know that it takes a lot of people and a lot of work to make a film, but this film is absolutely horrendous. Only thing good is the costumes. This is the only film to date where I have actually walked out of the theatre in the middle of it. Bottom line...big pile o' pooey. PLEASE don't waste your time.
Story was relatively boring. Directing was definitely boring. Some of the dialogue was a little too predictable. The one clever item was the deal with "Ritz" and trying to figure out for a moment how someone found Henry after he took off by himself. (I won't write a spoiler.) This movie is _not_ worth the two hours spent on it.
If this was nominated for a screenwriting award by the WGA, a professional association of screenwriters, then it's time to hang up the word processor. Astonishingly inept writing, direction, production, at every level, even for a TV movie. No cliche goes unexploited in this jaw-droppingly bad movie. What were they thinking? Does anyone really believe kids are stupid enough to watch this?
do you like to watch a black&white shot that last 5 minutes of theater time watching a still on someone talking on the phone about her neuroses and chain smoking cigarettes? then this movie is for you. The only good scene was the male prostitute (he asked for 400 DM) putting at ease his client (Franco Citti in ACCATONE was good too).
If it wasn't for Seth Green this movie wouldn't have been worth the space it took to advertise it in the paper. It was one of those USA Network Bad Days at the Movies and I can see why, only Critter's was worse than this movie. I will be willing to bet that Seth will not list this film on his resume.
(sigh) Double Team is another useless action comedy. This movie didn´t have a theatrical run in Finland and I don´t wonder. You can see one this kind of movies made straight to video. Orlando Jones has been much better in other movies. The movie wasn´t funny, except one scene. Total waste of time. (3 points out of 10, *½ out of *****)
Great music! A chance for everyone to see and hear some of the R&B icons of a generation. Silliness of the plot is overshadowed by the quality of the musical performances of Ackroyd, Gooden, and Morton (they can actually perform!). Don't look for great acting, just go with the flow and enjoy! A must see/hear for all R&B, Blues, and Soul affectionados everywhere!
Michael Hertel, not listed, but what a great actor!!! This movie is by far the best shorts ever. The Directing is remarkable. A must see for everyone!!! What ever became of Michael Hertel?? This Movie appears just be a cute day with the boys at first. But the suspense builds and builds. The ending is a climax which will never be forgotten.
Great fighting! Extremely funny! Michele Yoh's performance as a drunken and jilted woman was perfect. This is one of the best examples of the hell for leather fighting film punctuated with lots of laughs. All the tricky stunts looked real. There was some wire fu. The story is based on a legend and the setting is atmospheric. A classic and two thumbs up.
I didn't expect to rate this movie more than a 4 before I saw it. The director has taken a plot which looks boring and trite and turned it into a unexpectedly good movie. Lots of clever lines(ala Neil Simon)and excellent performances by all actors. I gave this a "7" rating and should be watched whenever one wants something just fun to watch.
Chukrai has made a film that combines the great Russian visual style with the most human of filmmaking. Ivashov is superb as the soldier who knows his duty as well as his family. A movie that reaches and touches its audience for many reasons and on many levels. Of all the Russian films I've seen this is the one that touched my heart.
I think I laughed once at this film, watched it when I was ten or eleven, because it has a scene where one dog humps another. Other than that, I'd rather stab my eyes out with a biro than be forced to sit through it again. Go watch Monty Python instead, hell, even Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is better than this.
I had to give this movie a 1 out of 10 because IMDB.com does not allow 0 out of 10, which is what this movie deserves. Some fat guy with a knife goes around killing Friday the 13th-type movie teenagers, typical of a repulsive slasher movie. Never have I seen a movie that is so dull, poorly acted, and incoherent. Just disgustingly bad.
Sometimes you have to look back to go forward. The 60's did just that. We need to remember the past. The past is part of the future. Great mix Gary J. Coppola. I see a great future. You deserve to be nominated and win, The 60's best mixer of the year. Best mini-series of all times. Thanks Ursula
IT's stylish, it's clever, it moves. I am always amazed at how great English actors are in comparison to American or German ones. Of course this film is violent, but the violence is neither superfluous nor superficial. It has something to say. About the language - well, you can't really expect Gangsters to speak like schoolmarms, can ya? This is a real movie.
I LOVED the book....and come on, piecing together the book into any sort of coherent film couldn't have been the easiest endeavour, and the result really isn't so bad! Looking back on this film 11 years later it truly DOES seem to capture the time and place effectively and has what amount to basically cameos of Stanley Tucci, Steve Buscemi, and Mercedes Ruehl.
Not quite slapstick but nearly entertaining, Ninja Bachelor Party is your best last resort for a dying party or boring summer afternoon. The plot meanders, the mostly intelligible voice-overs are funny, and the almost steady camera work will make you wish you had Dramamine®. A must see that will leave you scratching your head as to just exacly WHY it's a must see.
Very touching warm film about two elderly men supporting each other both mentally and physically in their later years. One of the better films I have ever seen produced by HBO. Vincent Gardenia and Hume Cronyn are absolutely brilliant. Both actors won and deserved Emmy's for their performances. If you wanted to become an actor, watch this film and learn from two pros.
"The Very Thought of You" tells the tale of one woman who encounters three men individually while starting her life over in the UK. Curiously, the three men happen to be best friends...the crux which launches this charming and amusing little romantic comedy. Low on schmaltz, fresh and fun, "TVToY" is a three star flick worth a watch for anyone into this genre.
Martha flies from Minnesota to London to escape a failed romance and a boring life. She meets 3 different guys who become intrigued with her. One is a music producer who's rahter shallow, one is an actor who gets caught up in rivalry with the music producer, and the other is a nice quiet guy. Cleverly told from all participants' points of view.
This movie is absolutely tremendous. I found the story mesmerizing with it's unique structure of story telling. The opening was nice and slow, leading the audience in, and following with good pacing. Of course, the plot was helped by spectacular cinematography and music. Even if you don't love the violin, you must watch this movie! Far better than any summer blockbuster you'll watch.
While I'm a large fan of horror and Karloff, this one failed to really hook me. There are some very tense or creepy moments, but they are few and far between, unlike other Karloff works with a feeling of dread throughout. To be fair, I believe this was a production, plot and directorial weakness that's too much for Karloff and others to overcome.
This movie came highly recommended by nearly everybody. Thus, perhaps my disappointment was a result of high expectations. The movie is original in the way that the life of Amelie (and her friends/family/acquaintances) is presented; However the novelty wears off after an hour or so, and all that's left is a trite, highly predictable movie that I wound up turning off. 3/10
I just love this movie! It has some of the greatest acting I have ever seen. For regular people they probability wont understand the complexity of this brillant movie. Meryl streep is a wonderfull actress. Bruce Willis's acting was so good I did not reconize him the first time I saw this move. Watch this movie if you like strange and wild stuff.
I loved this movie... its a powerful tale shot in realtime, that shows two pivitol hours in the life of a single girl... As someone who has worked in the hotel industry the thing that struck me was the fact that if you changed the langague to English it could be sit in an American city. It a warm truthful picture of life.
I thought this movie was going to be only a movie for the kids, but I watched it with my cousins, and I was surprised. I laughed a lot. It had some really cute and hilerious moments. And Jeff Goldblum is in it! What more could you want? If you don't mind a little cute humor, I'd recommend "Cats & Dogs". 7/10
I am 34 years old and I watched this movie for the first time today with my two boys. It has been a long time since I have laughed this hard at a show. The boys thought I was just as funny because I would tell them about my childhood days while we watched. Family entertainment and quality time together...you cannot beat it!
A1 acting and casting. Story-line excellent but slightly unbelievable as to the "special effects", such as the escape capsule. Highly rated, nonetheless. Harrison Ford, as per his norm, does a magnificent and highly believable job in his portrayal of the President - Some day we might have a president that is so action-oriented - but I doubt if we would in my lifetime.
"Bones," starring Snoop Doggy Dogg and Pam Grier and directed by Ernest Dickerson, is a great horror film with lots of violence and gore. Snoop Dogg was perfect as the main character, Jimmy Bones. The movie also had solid special effects. If you like Snoop Dogg, then you'll love "Bones." Doggy dog brother, doggy dog!! A+ ****** (out of ****** stars) 13/13
Any feature that has to pad out its barely hour length with unrelated bump'n'grind footage has really got problems. There's no pace, no acting, no talent, no interest. The vampire looks like a member of the 80s band Whitesnake. The cult appeal of cameo appearances by PLAN 9 actors Conrad Brooks and Dolores Fuller is totally wasted. This video feature is beyond bottom-of-the-barrel.
This was such a great movie, I am left speechless. Elizabeth Mitchell and Gary Bakewell (once again portraying Paul with sheer brilliance) make this a movie not to miss! The love these two people shared is so brilliantly displayed by these two leads as is the conflict in the later years of the Fab Four. You do NOT want to miss this one!
Some movies are like olives or wine; you need to have developed a taste before you can fully enjoy them. The story was unexpected and definitely better the second time around since I was paying attention this time. If you like dark humor you'll love Barbara Hershey and this great cast doing a wonderful job. It is well above par for this genre.
I`ve just seen this movie and would like to say its fantastic. It`s got humor,it`s scary moments and stuff. Kathleen Turner is perfect and funny as the mother who kills everybody that does not fit in her style. She starts killing more and more people....But what the hell! She`s The Best and I really like the ending,this is a movie everybody should see.
I caught this on Spanish-language HBO the other night and was captured by its style, tension, and brilliantly executed character development. The pacing is deliberate and, at times, frenetic. The tragedy of the "fog of war" in which these Spanish peacekeepers are lost is palatible. If you liked "Saving Private Ryan", "The Big Red One" and "Enemy at the Gates", you'll love "Guerreros".
very funny. very shrewd. very straight. warren beatty has always been one of the smartest & funniest people in hollywood. this is a super piece of work. as for halle berry, well there have been black male superstars but as far as i know no female black superstars. to my mind this woman is a super super star. shame on hollywood. (once more).
No surprises. No twisted plots. No complex love triangles. This movie is pure and simple entertainment. Okay, it's hokey and it's trite, and the acting at times is marginally acceptable. But it goes with the terrain, for this is America, this is life, this is real people. It's a nice movie. See it. Don't expect much, but do expect to enjoy it.
I liked this movie because it deals with the great questions of life. Why do we have to suffer? How much pain and suffering can a man take before he kills himself? And why does the rightous man have to suffer? And also because it shows a lot of friendship and brotherhood amongst the POW's. One of the best films I've ever seen.
This game is a true gem -- gorgeous graphics, extremely engaging and entrancing story. The puzzles are not too difficult, but are fun and fit well into the story. I'd encourage EVERYONE to play this game -- yeah, I'm talking to YOU! There's philosophy and humor, excitement and mystery, and most of all -- well, ADVENTURE. It's fun. It's interesting. You'll love it.
Hey, this game is great! Nice graphics, great sound, good puzzles, etc. The only thing that I did not like that much was, that you sometimes have to move through up to 3 screens without any contents. Well, there are nice graphics but nothing that would do anything. They don't even contain red herrings : But this game was still lot's of fun!
Touted by many as the very first advertising film this is really nothing more than a shot of bemused actors dressed in kilts performing a very poor impression of a highland fling. How anybody thought that this would encourage people to drink Dewars whiskey is beyond me. Funny that the mental processes of advertising executives was as unfathomable then as it is now.
My girlfriend and I got the video in hopes of seeing an arousing movie. We were disappointed. The movie was slow, the storyline was okay, but wouldn't make sense if you didn't already know something about Karma and the Kama Sutra to begin with. The whole story could have taken up 30 minutes of film. If it did, it would have been better.
This could possibly be the worst Australian Movie ever made. Claudia Karvan has come a long way from this sad excuse for a movie. The storyline is unbelievable (unless you think a pleasure boat could actully travel from Melb to Sth Africa (which it clearly could not). The characters are shallow and the dialogue is very "dumb aussie". Avoid this one people.
I had seen a black and white print of this film sometime back and didn't really like it. Then I saw the restored version on AMC and was stunned. It was beautiful to look at, the color looked great, and this version was longer than the one I had seen before. So, if you're going to hunt this down, get the restored print.
I heard this film had got Oscar for something. Haven't you ever thought why films of such different levels get Oscars? Nobody is surprised that "Coocoo's nest" did but this one! Extremely unimpressive McQuinn's play and Hoffmann who tries to save the situation and fails. And who could wait that the director of Planet of the apes may product such an unfortunate picture?!
OK, so they try to make this like an actual real world show and then it goes Movie on us and sucks. Too bad it wasn't real, because I'd love to watch the Liz character be hot for a whole season. I really don't want to say more than this, but IMDB makes us write four lines. This show totally didn't deserve it.
Terrifying film dealing with life in prison. Not just any prison, but one way off to itself with few fellow human beings around. I think this was McQueen's finest film ever, and perhaps Hoffman's also. I know it has had a lasting effect on me through the years; I have never forgotten the awesome loneliness the prisoners went through. Great picture, thumbs up.
This documentary is a hoax that does not reveal itself as such. To say that it is well done is an understatement. It flows and has credibility throughout and could be compared to the Sting. If you are a New Zealander and see this without knowing it is a hoax then you will be bitterly disappointed to find out later.
My sister and I went to rent a movie one day, and came upon this one. We both thought it was more sexual, but it wasn't. Despite that, both of us loved it. Personally, if i find it on sale, I'd buy this movie without hesitating. Makes you think about how much you actually need ALL your senses to live. Very thought provoking.
WOW!! I have heard so much good about this movie, and when I finally saw it I knew that it was true. This movie is one of my all time favourite. It's funny, romantic and have some excellent performances by the actors. If U haven't seen it, see it. If U have seen it, see it again (I know I will)
This was about as bad as they come. Throughout the movie, you'll continue to wait for a coherent plot, then at the end, a surprise ending that will leave you feeling empty. Not unlike trying to stand an egg on it's end for two hours only to find out that it can't be done (unless it's the solstice). Don't watch this.
its almost ironic to call charlie chaplin unknown, but you truely learn how much you don't know about him with this series. It is getting you inside the mind of genius. The rare footage and personal interviews show you how secretive and personal chaplin was in life. If you are a silent film lover, this is a program you won't want to miss!
Decent horror movie about a warlock who terrorizes a town through the body of a scarecrow. It's never boring and the acting and special effects are fairly polished, but the movie suffers from one too many stupid scenes near the end. It also takes a while to explain what exactly is going on, but overall it was enjoyable enough. 4 out of 10.
The interpretation of Cary Grant is very great and appreciable. The story is very nice. This is another of the excellent films made by Cary Grant, who I consider the best actor in the cinema's history. By the way, I must say that watching "Penny Serenade" on TV I have discovered a very clever actress, too, who I haven't known before, Irene Dunne.
Cary Grant and Irene Dunne are ideally matched in a movie quite different from their screwball comedies. They have marvelous chemistry together. The dialogue is marvelous as the couple travels from young and carefree to bitter and cynical. Edgar Buchanan is marvelous as Applejack. If you want to see great acting and are in the mood for a good cry, watch Penny Serenade.
When 4 men follow a woman into redskin country to help rescue her husband they find trouble within their own ranks as well as having to face a deadly threat from the savages who claimed the land as their own. Only a fair western but it did carry a good finale as the rescuers fought their way across a ruggedly beautiful Mexican landscape.
I enjoyed this movie, it has an up to date urban twist on an old story...but I would wait for the tv version before I let MY mother or mother-in-love see it. It was funny and the acting was mostly above average. My favorites were Monique(the preachers wife) and Mama Africa and Sommore was great. It is absolutely worth the price of rental.
Radu Pietreanu and Mugur Mihaescu are known in Romania from an TV Show, named 'Vacanta Mare', the source of inspiration for this movie. The TV Show is awful like the movie. Mugur Mihaescu in transvestite role is not funny at all. The acting is also very poor. See this movie ONLY you are an devotated fan of the show 'Vacanta Mare'.
A powerful and disturbing film of what life was like under the oppressive Taliban rule. Maybe because the cast are not actors and it starts with a boy talking to the camera as if it's a documentary being made it feels like what unfolds is actually happening and this makes it a very real and chilling experience. A film that should be seen.(8/10)
This movie is so complex. Never before had an African writer/director ventured into such unknown territory. This movie is incredible! A black fashion model, who is posing for a fashion shoot amidst the beautiful scenery of Africa, is transported back in time through an African slave trade castle. Great cinematography and artistic creativity. This movie is not only entertainment, it is an experience!
Very poor, ameraturish, and incompetent monster movie about a small community that gets attacked by killer humanoid-esque creatures living in aquatic caves. Some decent gore, but the film is so poorly made that it's hard to enjoy. Don't bother watching this film, it is boring, slow, and sports some really bad acting. What a shame. Could have been THE monster movie of 2003.
... above is my email address so as to enable you to contact me if you want to - I know a great deal about figure skating history because I have learned so many details during the time my mother was the first female figure skating sportscaster for the Austrian Broadcasting Corporation ORF. Besides, I wrote a book about the Vienna Ice Revue.
Of all the films of Shahrukh Khan which are available on DVD, I would say this is one of the least pleasing I've seen. Try just about any other one first. This tangled, jumbled mess of a film makes little if any sense at all. Any film with Alok Nath trying to slash someone to death with a sword is a bad one.
Reallyreally remarkable.I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since I saw it yesterday. It's a movie based on homosexuality in a very macho environment, and yet, there is nothing expressly queer about Yossi and Jagger's relationship--this is a love story and a human story more than a gay story. The worst part of all is that it's also a true story.
One of the best love stories this year; gripping, touching and warm at the same time. A light look into the difficulties and hardships faced by Israeli soldiers everyday. Inclusive of women, very honest and realistic, this story is symbolic of how many gay men and women feel, without really dealing with 'gay' issues on the surface. Great film, beautiful acting and direction.
It really really sucked!! Thank God for the "Friday The 13th" movies! I really enjoy them... =) I almost felt sick after the opening scene... Who wants to se a girl loose all her legs and still keep on running? Silly as hell. I want them to be a bit more serious than that even though they don't have to be "good". Ugh!!
This movie was the worst I've ever seen. I hope they don't keep it in the video stores, because kids don't need to see all that bad acting. Even Hogan was stupid! The kids do okay with the martial arts, but you can so tell that they hardly ever connected the blows. The least they could have done was make it look real!
This movie is so bad, in every way, that the one line summary just about covers it! There's no action, no excitement, no special effects, no script, no acting, no nothing. So do yourself a BIG favor - and do not watch this so called movie! I regret it bitterly and it's the worst movie experience of my entire life. YUK!
Hackneyed dialogue, every cop show cliche you can think of, car chases that defy physics, a boom mike in the apartment, ill-timed "humorous" scenes, and a predictable ending. Adam Ant turns in a respectable performance but everyone else falls flat. See it if you're a diehard Sharon Stone fan but otherwise the movie offers nothing you haven't seen a hundred (thousand?) times before.
"The Exorcist" is one of my top five films of all time. Imagine my horror and dismay as I watched this stench-laden sequel. Awful dialogue and a horrible storyline kill the movie. Quality-wise this movie isn't in the same solar system with its predecessor or the REAL sequel to "The Exorcist," the underrated "Exorcist III." Shun this movie unless you're looking for laughs.
This movie is so STUPID! I mean.. why does Liam Neeson take this woman so seriously, having only heard her say 3 WORDS! When they found her in the woods, they should immidiately have committed her to psychiatric hospital to try and make her a real human being. Just to see Jodie "hey-see how stupid I look" Foster dance around chanting is stupid....
B-Grade Horror at it's Worst. If you really enjoyed Rosemary's Baby, then you might actually watch this entire movie. But it's really quite boring. Once again, it's a cool concept, but the actual movie let's me down. For the purpose of warning you off, I'd better give it a rating of 1 out of 10 (and I think I'm being kind).
awesome backgrounds, horrible popeye style characters, horrible use of american music. lame plot: just like A.I. it starts good then degenerates into Pinochio (sp)? i don't CARE about robots. and tell me i didn't hear freddie prinz jr doing a voice. - that's the kind of crap that ruined Princess Mononoke. i'm gonna watch it again in japanese w/ subtitles.
Years later this film runs out of gas. The acting is choppy, and the film quality is grainy. The kung fu is excellent, but the budget and time constraints hurt this flick. This reminds me of other early 80's horror films like the Hallowing, that where good then, but lame now. I believe time does judge all things after the hype die down.
The perfect complement to the current news stories about pedophile priests -Brian Cox as the sympathetic pederast!! Apparently, writer/director Michael Cuesta checked his moral compass at the bath house door. This story of a sexually confused youth, a cartoonishly awful father and assorted teenage dregs neither entertains or enlightens. Of course the cosmopolitan critics loved it! It's not provocative or challenging, just nauseating.
quite simply this film put me to sleep in under 30 minutes. Why bother using live footage of great white sharks and try to edit it into a movie. The whole thing stunk of being cheap and nasty and spoiled what was left of my night. i'm stunned to find they have made a Shark Attack 2, i certainly won't be entertaining it.
A bad day of movies. First, it's Dreamcatcher, which I couldn't even stand the last twenty minutes of. Now this! This is a chick flick, full of brainless nobodies (besides Perabo, what's she doin in this?), and it's a comedy. But with no laughs. The most hilarious moment would have probably been an unfunny catfight. So, this is definitely one to avoid. AVOID.
It could have been a great movie, all the elements were there: an interesting story, intriguing characters, beautiful landscapes. Yet something was missing. Inspiration and talent, maybe? For two hours I was waiting for this movie to surprise me (you can guess what the mystery is rather quickly) and move me, and was disappointed. I wonder if anyone is thinking of remaking it...
Well, I've seen a lot of really bad movies in the horror field the last few weeks, but this turkey is really bad!! Apart from the very good looking Melissa Moore (probably the most beautiful face in the Scream Queens roster), this movie about a demon possessing several hard-rock singers, it has nothing to make it watchable. Avoid like the plague
I didn't understand this movie. Too many cuts in the cinematography made it difficult to watch and comprehend. It does have a nightmarish quality to, although I feel that the fright factor could have have been better. More attention should have been paid to the more important characters instead of dwelling on the minor ones. Better dialogue would have improved this movie tenfold.
The film opens with several embarrassingly puerile skits featuring the "Dice man". It then moves to his sold-out stand-up concert, where his monologues are alternately explicitly crude, arrogant, racist, and sexist. One or two lines were amusing, the rest of the film is almost (but not quite) as bad as Martin Lawrence's horrible stand-up film YOU SO CRAZY. *1/2 out of ****.
This your typical T&A grade B horror 80s cheesefest, but it has the distinction of starring no less than THREE B movie T&A queens: Linnea Quigley, Michelle Bauer (McClellan), and Brinke Stevens, who show their assets throughout the film. This film is long out of print and very tough to find, but worth the effort for fans of 80s B movie cheese.
There's not much I can say that could be taken as flattering except that it didn't go on any longer than it did. I didn't pay very much for this movie when I bought it but I felt bad when I sold it knowing that it was not worth what I got for it. Save your money and get a root canal instead.
Wow, what a waste of cast! Dustin Hoffmann is trying his best but he can't save the mess that is "Moonlight Mile". This is an all around unrealistic drama/romance with some slapstick moments thrown in. Sounds stupid? It is! The dialog is horrible and within the first five minutes it becomes obvious that this movie blows. Do yourself a favor and avoid it.
Thank God this movie only lasted 84 minutes, because it was pure torture, the first half was just your average bad teen movie (what I expected) but in the second half it turned into a real nightmare, It make Police Academy films look good. If you want to try to see the worst movie of the last couple of years see this one.
Surprisingly tame (at least in the version I saw, titled "Island of Despair"), boring schlock from Jess Franco, whose direction is, once again, pretty terrible (example: we get a flashback regarding the events that led a VERY MINOR supporting character to prison - and Franco inexplicably keeps it going for about 20 minutes!). Luciana Paluzzi's role is little more than a cameo. (*)
I won't go into the problems that I had with this movie. Most of them have been touched on, from sexuality, to mild swearing, to stereotypes. I had a hard time staying interested after the first 30-45 minutes. I was bored and looking at my watch a lot, especially after they found the city. The animation was nice but the story was not.
The only thing in this movie that is the least bit entertaining is the kid (Demian Slade) who keeps telling his parents how dumb they are. And he is completely right! This movie is painfully boring. The "humor", if you would call it that, is stupid even for a cheesy 80's movie. Unless you are a diehard fan of Frankie & Annette, avoid!
which is what I wish I had done. Some decent actors are largely wasted in this pale sci-fi tale. Score is straight out of Quake, and in fact the whole thing has that kind of video game feeling, though at least in a video game you are participating in some small way. It's not even fun on a camp level. Pass it by.
It's the ultimate anti-climax when you realise the thing terrorising the good folk of Burlie Pines is a plague of marauding soldier ants!! Most of the village is evacuated but one, small group is left to fight the insect invaders. Plastic skeletons and terrible acting do not help in saving this film from being placed onto the worst films of all time list.
So, if the New World Order wants to kill 80% of all people, why Alex Jones is still alive. Included in the NWO are of course the UN, CIA, GreenPeace, Prince Charles,.. you name it... (i suppose everyone But Alex).. Go watch this hilarious doc and buy a bumper sticker Sad he makes money of those who died at 9/11.
A good thing they hardly ever show Montgomery because he is completely unbelievable as Marlowe. How and why he ever falls seriously for Audrey Totter, whose characterization of a phony female is overdone even for the time, is one of the mysteries of the film. Audrey Meadows steals the show as a ditzy possible murderess. All in all a poorly done detective flick.
Decent horror movie about a warlock who terrorizes a town through the body of a scarecrow. It's never boring and the acting and special effects are fairly polished, but the movie suffers from one too many stupid scenes near the end. It also takes a while to explain what exactly is going on, but overall it was enjoyable enough. 4 out of 10.
Awful TV show. Cheap cheesy effects and the dumbest most repetitive plots in all of TVdom. Can't hold a candle to any of the movie versions all of which are far, far better. Perhaps the only draw of this show is the fact that in the first season it featured a little bit of nudity. Nice gimmick, didn't ABC do that years ago?
I'm glad I didn't have to pay to see it. Not much more to say. The few funny moments are rip-offs of movies like American Pie. The rest is like staring at a photo of a corpse with a lot of smiley faces drawn on it. The corpse, however, will be a lot happier than someone who had to watch this movie.
I would have to say the highlight of this movie was the drunk guy at the end of my row puking about halfway through. Jon Lovitz was at his annoying worst and the rest of the cast was completely unfunny. This is an hour and a half of my life that I will never have back and for that I am truly sorry.
What is this show trying to say? Action, Horror, Romance, Culture Clashes, Loyalty, the old and the new etc. I know it's wrong to pigeonhole something but really, this show suffers from a lack of focus. Done properly, it would have carried some merit. But what I saw was just slipshod film-making. The ending was so over sentimentalised that it was barf-inducing. Terrible.
I'm a big fan of Garry Shandling, both his old TV show and the more recent "Larry Sanders Show". Granted, the information on this movie was not promising, but with Shandling writing and acting, I thought it would have to be at least somewhat funny. Well, wrong-o! The laughs and clever moments in this movie could have been condensed into a 3-minute sketch.
Self indulgent and occasionally sexy... and those are the good points. Asia Argento is trying to make La Dolce Vita and winds up making Syd and Nancy from Nancy's point of view... if Nancy were Scary Spice. Okay... okay... that's unfair. But not by much. Flashes of a good movie are few and far between, but they're there. Not recommended except for fans.
The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an "NC-17" rating). *1/2 out of ****
I liked it a lot, in fact even more than the first movie. I loved the character of Ghost and all the comic book shots and her third person lines. Good ending. One thing they could have done was make the identity of the werewolf clearer. Also when the sister appeared it was kind of forced.. it didn't seem like she was a delusion
I enjoyed this much more than I expected to. DeNiro hasn't had a part this good in years, and he plays it to the hilt. It will remind you why you liked him in the first place. Billy Crystal is just as good, but it DeNiro's movie all the way. Your life will not be changed by watching this, but you will enjoy it.
Okay, so this was not as explosive as the first "Beverly Hills Cop" movie, but it still had enough energy to succeed. Eddie Murphy is great here. His portrayal of Axel Foley in "Cop II" is just as hilarious as the character was in "Cop I." Look for appearances by Chris Rock and Gilbert Gottfried. They are funny, too. It is a must-see sequel.
So Close is nothing like Charlie's Angels. Three beautiful women in the lead, two of them contract killers and one police. There is some drama-plot involved but that doesn't hold too well. Sometimes there are a few silly minor things but all in all the movie was very entertaining. Fight choreography was at least very interesting and quite original. Rating: 7/10
3-D in 1983 was a big concept and another money making gimmick but it just doesn't stand the test of time. With todays studios turning out computer animated effects and creatures, this movie is just plain cheesey by millenium standards. Mostly it's just one of those movies you would watch on cable when reruns are in season-and the reruns suck would you watch it.
at first I had no intention of watching this movie well at first i didnt then i watched the last half hour of it and it really held my attention the next day it was on again. this is a wonderful flim with great acting im not saying its for everybody but pretty much everyone will enjoy it.If its on it is worth watching.
This is easily the better of all the Robin Hood versions, simply for sheer charm. The chivalry and gallantry of Robin Hood makes him one of the alltime heroes to all ages. The story holds strong in that, for the time, they didn't need nearly as much special effects as we use now. It's bravado and excitement, a movie your kids deserve to see.
"A man like me" (Maður eins og ég) is probably one of the best Icelandic film ever made. R. Douglas manages to tell a brilliant story about a lonely guy seeking happiness in a simple but ironic way. The strongest points are (like in R.Douglas previous film "The Icelandic Dream") good dialogues and solid characters. I had a really good time watching this one.
Not a bad film overal, but the feeling I got from it was dark and gloomy. It's fun of dank underground holes and the like and you only see the sun at the end. I found it rather depressing, even with the good ending. Not bad, though. I'm not saying it's the top film of the year, but it's not a flop either.
Leonard Maltin has this movie perfectly pegged with his 1/2 point rating. Rebecca De Mornay and Fred Thompson are much too good to be associated with a film of this caliber, which did not even come close to being anything comparable to a "Police Academy". Just to even watch the whole film tells you that I certainly did not have anything better to do.
I'm not one to get excited about romantic comedies, but I found "Never Again" to be a real gem of a film. The acting in general is superb, and the film manages to be both terribly funny and genuinely poignant at once. Though a few stretches of the story drag slightly, the overall effect of this film is true-to-life charm. I recommend it highly.
Thank God for Great Performances on PBS. They have brought us another gem in the form of Miss Julie Harris. She not only brings Emily Dickenson to life, she invites us in to live it with her. The joy and pain and all that, and it's REAL and moving and absolutely wonderful. Seek out this hard to find video, you will treasure it forever.
A movie about surf, friendship and the hardness in growing up. The movie has great surf pictures, great surfers (Gerry Lopez himself), it has a beautiful script and was very well directed. I think this movie is already a classic for surfers and non-surfers... ;-) I watch the movie in VHS long ago, and i´m waiting for the DVD (next month)
I watched this film many times as a kid in the late 1970's on late night TV. Robert Quarry co-produced this venture after the unexpected and phenomenal success of the two "Count Yorga" features, but it did not hold up to expectation at the box-office. I highly recommend watching this period piece, if you can find it. It is extremely hard to find anywhere.
I highly recommend this genuinely funny sex farce involving the mishaps that occur when a man talks his wife into having lesbian relationships. Hemingway, Binder, and Cryder do excellent acting jobs with long scenes with no cuts. Hemingway, in my mind, grows more delectable with age. Too bad it's not on VHS or DVD. I taped it from Cinem
One of the worst movies I've ever rented. Sorry it had one of my favorite actors on it (Travolta) in a nonsense role. In fact, anything made sense in this movie. Who can say there was true love between Eddy and Maureen? Don't you remember the beginning of the movie ? Is she so lovely? Ask her daughters. I don't think so.
Bobbie Phillips did an amazing job as a part-human,part-sub created to battle evil. It's the stuff B movies are made of,but her interpretation raised it to an A for sure.Her strength and subtleties kept me entranced! It's great to see an attractive female in an action role that maintains intelligence and believability! I hope to see her in more of these types of roles!
This film was a nice surprise as i had heard of it on various websites but only mangaged to see this a few months ago, If u havent seen it, its a must as Jeffery Combs plays another crazy doctor, Sam Raimi makes an apperence, and Seth Green makes a good Crazy guy, all in all give it a try, u wont be disapointed
"Woodstock is not only a documentary, it's a real piece of history that teels us what happened during that three days of pure heaven on earth (as a matter of fact Jimi Hendrix's performance was deferred two days later, so the days are practically 4). In fact, "Woodstock" won the Oscar as "best documentary". I hope that this film won't be forgiven by anyone!
If you like intelligent European films and don't much care for American blockbusters, gore-fests, or trivial comedies, this is a film for you. It totally stiffed at the box office (I think there were 2 other people in the theater when I saw it), but it is an exceptionally fine, unusual flick. The Coppola film for those of us who would rather watch Antonioni.
As I was leaving the theater, I overheard one 12-year old tell another, "that was a dumb movie." About the only laughter I heard during the showing of this so-called comedy were toddlers responding to Brent Spiner's flatulence. If you haven't seen it yet, it's probably best you keep it that way. I gave it a '1' because I couldn't find the zero button.
City boy moves to small town and doesn't fit in. A film based on the same old story that follows the same old lines yet somehow manages to make you enjoy. Nothing new happens in this movie but you will watch with a smile on your face (especially during Kev's big drinking/dancing scene.) A great representation of what an 80s flick is all about.
Great movie. Funny and good twisted plot. You don't know what's real and what's not until the end which ties it all together. Entertaining movie for those who don't like the majority of average Hollywood movies you see with dull plots and you already know what is going to happen after watching the first 10 minutes of the movie. Highly Recommended
Both leads are spectacular. Unlike most early (pre-AIDS) gay films, this still hits the spot. I've been ruined for life by these (actual, not lipped) impersonations. All by themselves, the impersonations are worth renting/buying this film, but the rest of the story is also superbly done. This should prove to those who get their kicks out of ridiculing Canadian films that they were wrong.
I enjoyed watching this movie so much in the 80's. It is a perfect blend of satire and kitsch that I truly miss in today's movies. The "revelation" at the end by Menlo was priceless (and shocking, Deezen). If anyone knows where I can locate a copy of this on VHS or DVD, I'd love to own it!! Such a shame that it's out-of-print!!
This is typical Lee Evans, he is definitely one of the funniest comedians around but surprisingly not many people have heard of him. If you want to see what Lee Evans is really like doing stand-up comedy then buy this video, I couldn't stop laughing all the way through, a definite thumbs up and a must see for anyone with a sense of humor!
I can truly say this is one of the greatest movies i have seen in a long time. It made me laugh and cry numerous times. Im not the usual crying type, but this movie really moved me. I recommend it to everyone! This is truly a must see movie for the whole family to enjoy or for a romantic time with your spouse.
I saw this production in Rochester NY and thoroughly enjoyed it. The subject of the short showed creativity and innovation. It provided a humorous approach to different people's relationships and their perceptions of those relationships. Great idea for a topic and very well directed. This would be a terrific short to show on an airline flight. It would provide a great snippet of entertainment.
Here we have a great horror movie, presented in a very down-to-earth manner. Reminds me of classic English movies, combined with excellent acting skills of Christopher Walken, and a story line that keeps your ass tight on a sofa till the dramatic end. For people who don't necessarily need fancy special effects, and million dollar explosions to enjoy a good movie with an idea!
Here we have a great horror movie, presented in a very down-to-earth manner. Reminds me of classic English movies, combined with excellent acting skills of Christopher Walken, and a story line that keeps your ass tight on a sofa till the dramatic end. For people who don't necessarily need fancy special effects, and million dollar explosions to enjoy a good movie with an idea!
This movie along with Star Trek, Lost in Space, Time Tunnel, Journey to the Far Side of the Sun, etc. set things in motion that influenced my life and what I did when I grew up. Although yes it has it's pitfalls, but the basis was sound and effects for the time I think were very good. I still enjoy it to this day.
This is one of the worst films I have seen in a long, long time. There is a thin storyline about finding out who killed an enviromental activist but it doesn't quite cut it. Bullock performs ok, but the the rest of the cast makes little impact. There is really no reason to waste money on this junk even if Bullock is seen nude.
Patrick Bachau is wonderful as the tempermental artist who cannot accept the fact that his ex-wife has fallen in love with another man, a psychiatrist superbly played by George Coe. Falk's real-life wife, Shera Therese shines brilliantly as Bachau's current wife. And Vito Scotti and Isabella Garcia-Lorca are both superb in supporting roles. This is one of the 20 best Columbo movies ever made.
Steve Martin plays a mob guy who is placed into the suburbs in a witness relocation program. He soon realizes that though he has left the mob the mob hasn't left him..Rick Moranis plays the skeptical FBI agent. Steve Martin charms the pants off in this movie and does a great job. A fun movie to watch On a scale of one to ten..7
Many persons advised me against this movie and I didn't want to believe them. But they were right! It is a very stupid movie. The subject was interesting so it could have been better. Most actors are very notable but they look so ridiculous in it. Gabriel Aghion made better films (like the excellent 'Pedale douce' one the best French comedies of all times)!
On the whole not a bad film. I may have been influenced by the fact that I didn't have to pay to see it but I would say that this film is a reasonable attempt at a remake and will prove fairly entertaining to most people, whether or not they have seen the original. On the whole, certainly not the worst remake ever. 7/10
Why does everybody cut this movie down just for the nudity that is in it? It does not have all that much nudity and it doesn't show Brooke Shields that much nude. This movie might have a disturbing plot but I think it was a job well done for what it was. It's actually a pretty good movie, just could've had a better ending.
Judy Davis is a young communist in 1950 Australia. She corresponds with Stalin and gets an invitation to Moscow. The trip changes her life (of course) which we get to follow for the next 40 years. You'll be hooked after the first two minutes of this very original film. Great performances (especially from Judy Davis) and unique plot twists made this film worth watching.
I saw this movie in Denver for free and I still to this day feel like someone owes me money for seeing this. Horrible all the way around. I had to leave the theatre after about an hour and 10 min. How anyone can enjoy this just astounds me. I rate it as the worst movie I've seen.(Never had the privilege of seeing Ishtar)
Radio talk show advisor finds himself obsessed with his ex girlfriend, stalks her and then begins to see one of her friends, to make her jealous. (?) Meanwhile his friend and co worker becomes involved with the ex and complications arise from their respective jealousies and compulsive behavior. Smoothly done and fast paced with a good cast headed by Settle. Worth renting.
This outrageous comedy was a box office smash in Korea for a reason. It was hilarious and poignant! The direction was terrific as the tone was always right on, and placed every event into the evolution of the story. The absurd slapstick humor hides the statement about barriers of social status and changes to one's life. The performances make this film even more outstanding.
That's about all of note in this otherwise forgettable film. At least, I hope it's forgettable. The songs are standard period fare, ponderous and somewhat shrill. Cary's frightening makeup makes him almost unrecognizable, but who could mistake that voice! Interesting as a bit of history, I don't recommend picking up the digitally re-mastered gold disc limited collector's edition (if it should ever come out).
This is one of the all-time coolest movies I've ever seen. It may be quite bizzare, but the prominent themes of true love and sacrifice totally outweigh the weirdness, which actually just adds to the uniqueness of this film. For a fairly old movie, it's very well done. I definitely recommend this to anyone who has an extra moment to watch an excellent film.
All y'all hatin' on the fact you'd probably neva make the cut for "Second String" need to save it. If more guys out there took their sorry behinds to the gym for once...maybe y'all have a chance....well,...maybe. Take Shawn Woods' "HOOK" physique for a "perfect" example...and I stress the word "perfect" Put that in your pipe and smoke it...!!! You couldn't look better Sha-Shawn
Innerspace is basically one long homage to Fantastic Voyage, but with Dante's typical weird comedy attached for good measure. All of Dante's favorite actors (William Schallert, Kevin McCarthy, Robert Picardo, Dick Miller) are along for the ride, but standouts are Quaid and Short. Meg Ryan in the Lois Lane role is less impressive. Overall, Innerspace is probably the wierdest "buddy movie" of all time.
I like everything with Burt Lancaster and Burt in a western is that much more enjoyable to me. If you like "Revenge" movies like "The Crow" or Death Wish" then you'll probably like this. It also has a great supporting cast which is mainly the "bad guys" and when they make Burt mad he makes them wish they didn't. Good shoot em up flick!
a definite must for all scorsese fans. runs much like a student film. Use of music is still very ruff in this film. Not nearly as effective as in mean streets. Many of the same ideas scorsese will later work out in mean streets. Harvey Keitel's performance is powerful. Filmed mostly on Elizabeth St where scorsese grew up and his childhood apartment. highly recommended
This is college fun at it's best. Great bunch of guys and girls in a raft race. Full of drinking, sex and competitive humor. Love it. Classic. Tim M. and the fat guy from Animal House and Pee Wee from Porky's are in it. If you love 80's cheese, you will love this movie. It is entertaining all the way through and very hilarious!!
Lovely. Round. A great example of what independent film making is all about. Great humanely story, with great performances, excellent production -with almost no economic resources-, lively photography; what Robert Humphrey did with the photo is amazing and Erik´s direction is so sensuous you perceive the characters and their lives vividly. I enjoyed it a lot. Congratulations to everyone that took part on it.
"Fulltime Killer" is not quite as good as John Woo's (just plain) "Killer". The super-stylish direction catches your attention, and the flashbacks and changes of focus among the four main characters are confidently and successfully integrated into the narrative. Also all the performances are good. But if you're looking for any qualities like originality, substance or realism you've come to the wrong place. (**1/2)
Bogey is superb as defense attorney with too soft a heart under his tough guy exterior, and Derek is chillingly believable as the cool, young delinquent who thinks nothing of playing his friends for marks. Macready, as the relentless D.A, pulls no punches, and allows for no softness in an indelible performance. A pioneering movie blazes a trail later imitated but never bested.
You can't see this movie because Traci Lords lied about her age to get into pictures. Nonetheless, this is a great porn movie. Traci gives a fine performance. She and the rest of the ladies obviously enjoy what they are doing. The men do, too. Though the script is nothing to write home about, the acting is acceptable and the sex is great.
This is a very under-rated Mike Myers film. I have found myself watching this again and again, simply because it is so darn funny! There is really not a dull moment in it and to top it all off there is a scene with Mike (as his father) an elderly bag-piper, and a microphone which will leave you gasping for air as you laugh!
I don't know why other people think this movie isn't great, but I think it's amazing!!! I love Dave Chappelle and Norm Macdonald. I just laughed through this entire movie. I think everyone should give this movie a chance, but I still can't see how people don't love it. I wish I could go back and watch it again for the very first time.
I had only recently become aware of this DVD as it was being advertised as containing missing footage from Game of Death. What an understatement watching this footage is just an incredible experience. That coupled with the documentary portion of this DVD truely gives us a better insight IMO into what Bruce was about, and the way he was trying to show us all.
This is one of my favorite Elvis movies. I don't really like auto racing and I didn't care for Nancy Sinatra, but what I did like is the relationship and chemistry between Elvis and Bill Bixby. It's the closest thing to a buddy movie that Elvis made. As far as romance, there are other Elvis movies that are much better, particularly Viva Las Vegas.
A good sci-fi prison escape story with great set design and effects. Kurtwood Smith is great as Warden Poe and Lambert plays his typical combat hardened ex-military agent he has portrayed in the likes of Mean Guns. Good supporting characters and few plot holes round the movie out. I'm a bit biased, I admit, as I'm a huge Lambert fan. Worth seeing.
I highly recommend this game if you like star wars then you will like this game. Good graphics good detail the light saber animations are awesome if you have a high speed processor and videocard like I do the yavin level is visually stunning especially with all resources maxed out you can see the rain fizzle out on the light saber. Definatly a must.
"Big Night" is a claustrophobic character-driven ensemble flick about two Italian immigrant brothers (Tucci & Shalhoub) trying to succeed in the restaurant business. There's little story to be found in this lovely little tale about food, brotherly love, food, family, food, friends, food, success, food, Louie Prima, food, the nature of the universe, and, um, food. File this one under "G" for "Gem". (B+)
I first watched this film in an Early Modern European history course and it blew me away. As a film buff it's interesting. It's a lot like a silent film (i.e. Griffith) with all the narrative frames in between each scene. As a socialist I find this film invaluable as a gateway to Winstanley's writings. He was truly a man ahead of his time.
one of the first of the tv "bible" movies, the story of david is one of the finest of its genre. the cast, along with the direction and story line, make it a must see. subsequent movies like "king david" pale in comparison. if movies of this kind suit your taste, then make this on part of your collection.
This film tries to use "funky" camera angles & special effects to hide a terrible plot & rather uninteresting characters. Completely lacking in atmosphere, a must for a good horror, this was so tedious I switch off half way through. Luckily I didn't fork out good money for this drivel as it was on cable TV when i saw it. Avoid 2/10.
Mutator is a rather disappointing entry in the mutant monster on the loose genre. The creatures appear to be bipedal, muscular, slime-dripping cat creatures, but they're never shown very clearly. The only notable thing about this film is that one of its characters is (coincidentally) named Kevin Murphy, appropriate since Mystery Science Theater 3000's Tom Servo is voiced by an actor sharing that name.
This film has it all. The occult, Catholic girl's school, nudity, everything a male movie-goer could want. I haven't seen "The Craft" so I couldn't say if this film copies it or not. Mimi Reichmeister shines as the "good girl" who gets in over her head. She brings a fresh-faced innocence to the role. Too bad her career doesn't seem to be going anywhere.
schipper has shown incredible diversity as a budding actor in many of tom tykwer's eclectic and nuanced german films. also had a minor, yet unforgettable, role in anthony minghella's 'the english patient', in the interrogation scene with willem dafoe. 'absolute giganten' marks his brave and confident debut, with superior directional and editing skills. definitely a new german director to keep a watch out for.
The story can be good but the animation is so bad that makes watch anything but this show. Every character it's very ugly, there no beauty in a single episode. I hope some day Lucas think to make a real animation show with an art good as the greatest scifi animations like Galaxy Rangers (this a real piece of art, no this "Ugly Wars").
I saw this about 15 years ago when my mother rented it. Why Blockbusters had this in the comedy section, I'll never know. Seniors defending their block of flats against developers at *any* cost. Really creepy, or just bad acting? If you're looking for some _Exorcist_-era horror, it might be worth a look, but only if you've already seen everything else on the shelf.
By far better than the remake. Although I love the remake also, but this one is much better. Claudette Colbert is one of my favorite actresses. She is great in this one. Louise Beavers is wonderful as Delilah. It just makes you want to out and buy some pancakes. The story, although dated now, was great. As I said before, better than the remake.
This movie is one of only two movies that I walked out of the theater before it was over (the other being cobra, another Stallone flick go figure). The story was bad the acting horrible I think they even burned the popcorn the night I went to see it. Anyone that liked this movie must have absolutely no taste when it comes to movies
Not plutonium. This movie stinks. How embarrassing for John Carradine. But then, judging from past endeavours, it is impossible to embarrass either Carradine or director Al Adamson. There is no depth to which either will sink. And on top of it, here we have a movie that steal clips of stock footage from the likes of "Unknown Island" and "Robot Monster". Pathetic. Simply pathetic.
Oh, my God. I can't believe so bad movie it can be made. Bad directed, bad written, bad cinematographered. The whole thing is garbage. After 112 minutes watching, I got nothing but one man and one woman. I can't imagine anything that the director want to tell. I really hate the movie. If you haven't watch it, do not take it. It's really bad.
This movie was very boring. When I was a teenager, I saw it in a theatre. I got up halfway through the movie to get some Raisinets. My leg had fallen asleep and I fell down in the aisle. I remember that vividly but I remember virtually nothing about the movie. Didn't Walter Matthau and Robin Williams stand in some snow at one point?
This movie is so boring and dated (I mean just look at the hair!!!! THE HAIR!!!! AHHHH!!!!) that you got to love it. Just never ever think about taking it serious. It´s a blatant rip off (big surprise) BUT you can get a lot of fun out of it by counting the clichés. Favourite scene: The chick that sets herself "on fire"...very convincing.
This could be called an ideal film to turn men gay. Good grief, such an endless pile of heterosexual hogwash mixed with vaudeville pratfalls...Sorry, but I had to force myself to sit through this weak attempt at a comedy. And they even couldn't resist throwing in a line about the baby getting circumcized. Jewish fathers will love it. The rest of us, no thanks...
This movie is a failure in every sense of the word. It tries so desperately to aquire the praise tarantino deserved so well. Instead it comes across as being naive and pretentious. The dialogue is absolutely laughable. I didn't think highly of Garcia to begin with, but this particular 'performance' has finally thrashed every last bit of credibility he had. Keep your day-job Andy!
A rather below par road movie, enlivened by Russell Crowe in the lead, and by various other noteworthy characters, such as his father, and a mad ex-KGB torturer! admittedly, Russell plays a rather predictable role, but my wife claims that his god-like physique more than makes up for this! since this is an Australian film, don't expect any great shakes in the cinematography department.
This movie is promoted as "splatter action" and compared to "From Dusk till Dawn", but unfortunately it lacks both action and humour. Terrible actors and not to successful attempts on funny splatter gags made this a boring one and a half hour. I had to fast forward the last 15 minutes. It wasn't even unintentionally funny. Rent Peter Jacksons "Braindead" and "Bad taste" instead.
Yes, yes, it's an early gay film and it's a film about AIDS. But beyond that, it's just a so-so film. It's just not very fun to watching people dying... and that's just about what the movie is about. Gay men dying of AIDS. On the subject, I would much prefer AND THE BAND PLAYED ON and other notable documentaries which are more effective.
This movie is total rubbish. The only decent part of this movie is when the bloke gets chucked out of the plane. The lawyer gets chucked out! there you go i told you, in case you havent seen it. Now that you know the best part of the movie for god sake whatever you do dont go and rent this, it is woeful. O.1/10
I actually saw this at the theatre 14 years ago. Then I decided it was the worse movie ever, man did watching it on video not disappoint. What can I say, terrible story, mediocre acting, and dialog as bad as something that I would write. Probably the least suspenseful ending I have ever seen. I would not recommend wasting the 90 minutes on it.
One of the worst films I have ever seen, and absolutely unimaginable why it won an academy award. -- Then again, though it's story could be from a Danielle Steel paperback, the acting was pretentious at its best, and never ever provoked a single feeling in me but awkwardness and embarrassment, it had those spectacular big display scenes Americans like so much, and costumes.
Yes, this movie is lame. There were only a few members of the cast with any real acting experience. The rest were extras with lines, which were mostly forgettable. However, I have family members who were involved in filming it and I would like to be able to torture them with it... So where can I get my hands on a copy???
This film seemed to be going for shock value, but without much sense of reality in the script or in the acting. No addict of any kind would submit to the indignities depicted here unless predisposed to do so. I rated this 2 out of 10, though, because of a pretty cool soundtrack, and because "Dorothy" was kinda cute. ;-)
this movie corrupted all that was good about the hobbit. the music was frightening. the script was a product of too many late nights of white lining. it gives you a brief, misleading summary that not even a child could enjoy. at least it is better than Ralph Bakshi's LOTR. apologies to those who actually finished watching the movie.
I did not like this movie at all. I am not much of a cheerleading fan. Also this movie lacked a very good storyline. I guess it kind of described what high school drama is, in a way. The only thing that saved this movie from getting like a 2 in my book is that Kirsten Dunst and her cheerleader friends are very attractive.
I liked the idea of the movie. The action and actors were good, however the movie was not put together well. They spent too much time on the action and not enough time on the script. Things were not fully explained and they jumped back and forth between points. They should've gotten the point across earlier in the movie, to keep the viewers attention.
Yes, it's a real Alan Smithee film, and it's pretty obvious why Stuart Rosenberg did not want to be associated with this dud. Basically an opportunity for pure hearted Young White Americans to pound the bejesus out of filthy Brown Skinned Drug Dealers, this Reaganesque paean to Manifest Destiny is boring and offensive. Avoid at all costs, unless you're a member of Aryan Nation.
I hated this film. The whole movie is brooms getting water. This film made me sleep. I can't believe that it is in IMDb's Top 250 list. This is the worst film I have ever seen. This should be #1 on the bottom 100 on IMDb. If you liked this movie, you need new taste. If you hated this film, you got good taste.
The first half of the movie was ok and pretty innocent, but then the rest freaked me out. I can't see anything animated that is worse for a child to see. This movie is pure evil and will cause nightmares of demons with glowing red eyes. If you want your child to watch this, you may as well have them also watch The Exorcist.
Forget the fact that this was a pilot. It was awful. The costumes were ridiculous. Most of the acting was poop. The plot was...more poop. Miguel Ferrer was his typical self, which is good and Fire was a babe, but none of that was enough to salvage a very bad story and the bad idea of a friends/thirtysomething twist to crimefighting. Bad.
The english title for this Movie is "Love Sucks" and I have to say after sitting through this garbage I must agree with the title. This has got to be the worst movie I have ever had the misfortune to sit through. Even Jennifer couldnt save this movie as her role was badly written and somewhat annoying. On the whole a must miss movie.
Though the film had started with a good idea, there seemed to be no plot among all the running about and blood spattering. Also just when you think everything will be ok, it takes a new twist - everything then doesn't seem to make any sense at all.. and you just leave the cinema muttering "what was that all about". Would not recommend it
Jeff Goldblum seem to like playing bad guys in Charlie's films. He gets back at Goldblum for the Death Wish film. A few good scenes, and good b actors. This film has one of those 70's films that makes little sense. I would not rent this one again, it seem the 70's made many films with huge holes in the scripts 3/10
_Legend of the Mummy_ was long and tedious... a few mildly suspenseful scenes and not much else. Al from _Home Improvement_ provided a little comic relief, but there was nothing at all in this flick which so much as made me want to stop it before going for a snack. And the mummy is incredibly cheesy, looking rather like Eddie, Iron Maiden's concert mascot.
Decent enough cast squandered by stupid plot, inept script, direction, editing. Dont expect any martial arts action either, the only fights are so badly cut and lit that anyone could have done them. Best moment: realising that Dennis Hopper's character is actually supposed to be Irish. Worst moment: realising that it isn't going to get any better than the opening scene.
This has got to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. Thank heavens there was Scary Movie to boost my confidence in spoofs, this movie is so dire it goes beyond belief. Every single one-liner and visual gag falls flat on it's feet, there is absolutely nothing in this movie to make you laugh - avoid at all costs.
Unlikeable characters fling 'tude and computer buzzwords at one another as they diss the big bad adults with their magic computer skills in a series of goofy and unconvincing situations. Any similarity to real computer terminology and technology, or real hackers' lives - both far more interesting than these hip cartoon technoteens - is purely coincidental. Read "Cuckoo's Egg" instead. - Kate Orman
Le roi danse is easily one of the worst movies that I have ever seen in my entire life. An inner voice kept telling me to get up and leave, but, unfortunately, I didn't listen to it as I kept thinking, "It simply cannot be this bad." Well, it was. Offhand, I can hardly imagine a bigger waste of two hours that this film.
one scene in this movie was worth watching and guess what it was the credits. this movie is a waste of time and money. i think anyone who sees this can agree with me. i do not recommend this movie for anyone, i would never hurt a person like that. 1/10 i can't say anymore because it hurts me to think about it. Aweful.
But, I have serious hopes that she will choose better vehicles in the future. As much as I like her, by the end of this movie, I had the desire to duct tape her to a theatre chair while I extracted my fifteen bucks from her purse that I paid to see this train derailment of a teen flick. Andy, talk to her boy.
Nice effects (for a home video!) and creative killing are the keywords for this no-budget-what-so-ever-movie. But I imagine they had a good time making this. Another positive thing about this movie is that it spawned two brilliant sequels. Watch them instead. They are available in a German Special Edition, which include all three flicks+ tons of extra material! A must buy for all gore-hounds!
This is a bad, bad movie. The original Dragonheart was no Oscar winner, by any stretch. Not a bad movie, but certainly not great. In truth, it did not warrant a sequel. Yet, despite this, A New Beginning still manages to do the original no justice by being a total flop. The plot, acting, and directing are all bad. Don't bother with this one.
This was is hilariously bad. One of the most ineptly made movies I have ever seen. Sean Connery has one good scene at the beginning, but even it has some really cheezey effects. And the MUSIC. It has possibly the worst score in film history. I heartily recommend this film to all those out there who (like me) respect an unapologetic bad film.
Evocative, funny look at four women stuck in temporary employment, and not all that thrilled at being there. Solid ensemble work from the four leads, with Posey (as usual) stealing scenes from her costars. The only flaw is that the film verges on becoming boring sometimes itself, which is really just a tribute to how well it is presenting its subject, and possibly the point.
A great prequel to the Ringu series. In this film we see the human side of Sadako before her death & the cruel attitude of others towards her. By the end of the film you feel sorry for Sadako & not her victims. I enjoyed this more than the original film, in many ways this film follows a more traditional story structure than the original.
This movie ain't bad. A mob boss going to the shrink is actually a very good idea. But I don't think this movie explores the idea in the most interesting manner. I would enjoy this movie more if it were more like the tv-series Sopranos. But I suppose that comparison is an invalid one. What the hell, it's Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro!
My favorite Jackie Chan film, a showcase for his physical skill and personal charisma. It has the right amount of fighting without becoming boring and monotonous; it has the right amount of comedy without being over the top. The sex farce is played like Feydeau and yet is handled deftly enough to allow one to take one's older children without squirming on anyone's part. Great!
I've been a fan of Kirsten for quite a while. Her acting is always excellent though the scripts are usually failing. Not this time. This movie is probably one of the better movies about the holocaust targetted at youths. The movie starts of weak, with a silly "timetravel" only to become so much more. I touched me as much as Schindler's list did. See it.
THE EEL borders on dark humour when a man, who after eight years in prison for the murder of his wife, is released from jail. He sets himself up in a barber shop by the river and trouble comes knocking on his door and he can not seem to get away from it. Simple, yet effective, a very mature piece of work and pleasing overall.
This is a film which I was very surprised when I watched it. To see cuh an open relationship between two men was glad, 'cause I think there's still a lot of "tabu" with this. "Plata quemada" explores the romance between them ("los mellizos") and third people, and how beyond all the circumstances they know how they love each other without even telling each other.
A Nice Addition to One of the Best Series of Horror Films. The Problem is that it Takes Place off the Classic Island, but Just Deal with it. It is Most Certainly not the Best of the Series, As a Matter of Fact, Think it is the Worst one. But, It still is a Good Movie and Certainly worth seeing. 8 1/2 out of 10.
One of my favorite aspects of this film is how you are fully drawn into 'Hell'. In short it some what reminds me of a mad max crossed with the movie Legend on an HBO budget. However all those elements come together for a very entertaining and interesting far fetched story line. I hope this one gets put out on DVD! Gave it a 10!
Not-very-funny television show that introduces us to two brothers (Kieren "I Look Like Macaulay" Culkin and Will Friedle) whose lives are the prime focus of this show that only got a few episodes on NBC before it was booted. I looked forward to it and found myself disappointed. Last I heard, Kieran was doing a play in downtown London. Should be called "Go Figure."
I had the pleasure of seeing Julie Harris perform this one-woman show back in 1975 in San Diego. Then, when this video came out (as part of Great Performances on PBS)I was thrilled to see how close it was in conveying the actual stage performance. This is a must for all teachers of American literature who want their students to get a sense of Dickinson.
After watching Entre tinieblas (1983), I did not have high expectation s for this film. However, this film is much better than I expected. The story is solid, reasonable and well constructed. The characters are likable and convincing. They also put a lot of thoughts in the various shooting locations, such as the decorations of the various homes etc. I am impressed by this movie.
Despite a slow start, this movie gradually builds momentum as you become engrossed in the lives of its' characters. The leads Katt,Busey,and Vincent are all strong. They carry their roles of young surfer bums to mature adults very well. Bear's surfer guru and Vincent's veteran surfing legend are standouts. A good reflection of 60's and 70's moods and changes. Director Milius is a good storyteller.
OK, this is not high art - and there are no bombs or swordfights. There's no famous young American star and there's no spectacular car chase... but there is a great story, told by fabulously talented actors and mindblowingly beautiful cinematography. There's poignancy, wisdom and laugh-out-loud humour. If you're open to a great story and a celebration of maturity - go and enjoy this movie.
A bad script, bad actors and a Dracula in beard are more evidence that the US vampire movies of the 1970s simply cannot match the UK's Hammer productions of the 1950s and 1960s. Plot holes and silly special effects only add to the confusion of a movie that only the most ardent fans could appreciate. Zandor Vorkov as Dracula looks pale compared to Christopher Lee.
The story is simple:young Satanist and his female companion-they both go on the killing spree."Dreamaniac" is a typical 80's horror/adult movie trash full of sex and mindless teenagers.Atrocious acting,plenty of fake blood and stupid disco music.Some gore effects are interesting(for example drill through the throat at the end),but also very cheesy.Complete lack of suspense is hard to forgive.So if you find this movie skip it.
I remember seeing this as a kid in the theatre, and saw it again for the first time in many years on cable recently. I was surprised how much I enjoyed it after all this time. Russell's performance is quite believable, despite the fantastic story line. Really good entertainment, and blows away much of the modern Disney entertainment provided these days, which is pretty nauseating.
Sam Jackson never disappoints. I loved this movie! I didn't know what to expect, and was surprised at how good it was. My husband even liked it, which is somewhat unusual, as it was partially subtitled. A wonderfully told story, with a great plot twist, and an enthralling climax. A "must see" for anyone with a brain. 10/10...again...I don't give this rating very often.
I hate movies where you know the answer after 10 minutes. Why couldn't the director leave something for the imagination? The movie could have been interesting, but it is completely destroyed by some weird need to underline all of the character's actions, so you are never left to think and wonder, just fed with 1 hour and 50 minutes of boring psychological drama.
As Roger Ebert said in his review, brilliant, literate film noir with excellent performances...particularly Milla Jovovitch as the femme fatale. A steamy seductress tried to seduce a cop with her beauty and stunning abilities as a pianist. Samuel Jacksin is the cello play cop who wanders into a nest of thieves...some brutal the other weirdly comical. Dashiell Hammett to the core. Well worth your seeing.
Produced during WW2, I guess this film can be excused for its romanticised account of the story of the development of the Spitfire. The basic details are current: development from the Supermarine seaplanes, Mitchell dying of cancer, etc - but the development was nowhere near as smooth as depicted! The William Walton score (now known as the "Spitfire Prelude and Fugue") works particularly well.
The comments already posted for this film do not do it justice. It is a very low budget sci-fi film made by lesser known people and should be judged that way. To say the film shouldn't be made is plain wrong. How do people learn without doing? Small pictures should be encouraged, not made fun of just because they are not of the highest quality.
I'm not to big a fan of movies that make you laugh only with slapstick comedy... and this film surely goes beyond the silly. It made me laugh with some very good parody, with great situations and finally with very loveable characters. Its a smart comedy no doubt. I highly recommend it. The rythm is great... your never bored or know whats coming up next.
Topper Returns is the funniest old movie I have ever seen. I have seen it several times, and each and every time it has kept me in stitches. Topper Returns is a murder mystery/comedy, that will keep you in suspense until the end. Joan Blondell is at her best in this one, and Billie Burke will keep you in stitches as the ditzy Mrs. Topper.
Easy is an honest and sensitive film, with a good sense of humor. It has a simple story, but treated with special charisma and magic. Sometimes sweet, sometimes bitter, sometimes wild. But always soft and with a special flavor. Great acting and soundtrack (provided by Grant Lee Phillips). Nice ending and rhythm. If you're ready to fall in love, you're ready for it.
This movie sucked. The box claimed that it was the female version of Die-Hard, this movie was anything but that. It started out as soft port then a horror flick and finally an action sequence. The only redeeming quality was that it was only 80 mins. I was really disappointed since I thought this movie was similar to Die Hard but I guess not. Grrrrrrrrrr.
It is dreamy, romantic, funny and the characters are easy to like. I recommend this film for any teenage girl or any adult who wants to remember the innosence of those times. Don't miss it! It was just re-released in 2001 on DVD and VHS. I'm waiting for the soundtrack to come out as well. The music is GREAT!.. Just a great feel good movie.
Harrison Ford is THE movie President of the United States in this movie. Action packed heroism keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole movie. Although the mid-air rescue sequence is a little improbable, the remainder of the movie is extremely believable. This is one of the ten most enjoyable movies I've ever seen - and I've watched it at least six times.
Ford and Oldman have strong performances, and the script is incredible. Unlike most action movies this film is fresh, and the Russian villains act as believable terrorists. Too bad Ford is not the US President, I would vote for him any day. The director, who did Das Boat, directs this film mechanically, and it is a pleasure to watch the mechanics of this film unravel.
This is a truly awful film. Bad cinematography (I lost count of how many first-year film school rules it broke), bad writing, and an ending that came out of nowhere. The only reason I stayed until the end is that the friend I was with fell asleep. STAY AWAY! Rent Parting Glances or Beautiful Thing if you need to see a good gay movie.
I watched this movie on the Disney channel as a kid and fell in complete love with it then! I watched it every chance I got! I own the movie now as an adult and still adore it! :) I'm a big wolf person so I of course really liked the wolf in the movie! I don't know anyone that wouldn't like this movie! :D
A couple of interesting footnotes. The wrecked train in the film is still visible today in the river where it sank in the film, somewhere in Tennesseee, I believe. Also, check out the civil war general played by Mike Donlin. Donlin was a star player for the New York (baseball) Giants, who parlayed his ballplayer's love of night life and glamor into a film career.
As an 11 year old boy with an over-active imagination, this film was a massive treat to behold. The acting was believable, the effects were good and the music was very moving (whilst they were building the Thunder Road/on their maiden voyage). I would like to think that any child would be v. entertained and possibly inspired by this film, as much as I was.
This is a good movie, the more I watch it the more I like it. When I first viewed this movie I thought it was ok, but when we bought the video it began to grow on me. The acting is excellent, and the story twists along at a good pace. Douglas is a good actor and his performance alone is worth renting this film.
I think this film does a very good job capturing the period of 1917 New Orleans and shows a different side to early 20th century America. I love the music in film (i.e. Jelly Roll Morton and Scott Joplin), the set is wonderful, and the acting is good. Much of the nudity, however, is completely unnecessary. It tarnishes the story, which is actually quite absorbing.
I hired his movie in pure interest of what a movie would look like on a budget of 10 cents. And this movie looks like it got a budget of 5 cents. The directing, editing and especially the acting are SHOCKING!! Not to mention that stupid music score that drains the talking and above all is sooo repetitive!! minus**** out of ****
Seeing John Malkovich and Greta Scacchi on the cover credits raised expectations, but this film was very disappointing in many ways. The director was apparently quite desperate to make this an "arty" movie, but the acting was very poor at times and the attempts at jokes were embarrassingly bad. I just couldn't believe that John Malkovich agreed to appear in such a low quality film....
As Roger Ebert said in his review, brilliant, literate film noir with excellent performances...particularly Milla Jovovitch as the femme fatale. A steamy seductress tried to seduce a cop with her beauty and stunning abilities as a pianist. Samuel Jacksin is the cello play cop who wanders into a nest of thieves...some brutal the other weirdly comical. Dashiell Hammett to the core. Well worth your seeing.
My favorite musical next to the Jolson Story. The songs send tingles to the spine- a yearning for the carefree life at the turn of the century. Mark Stevens and June Haver are outstanding as the leads. Reg Gardiner and Martha Stewart are also great in their supporting roles. The songs- I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now, Hello My Baby, Honeymoon, etc. are true classics.
This is one of my favorite movies. Everyone in it is wonderful and perfect in their roles. I, for one, can never get enough of Chloe Webb or John Malkovitch or Joe Mantegna, and this movie supplies all in a stunning array. The writing is wonderful, and it's beautifully shot. Not a movie to be missed, although the clothes and music are slightly dated now.
This movie is funny, exciting, and very close to home. I loved how this movie exposed the lifelike times many years ago. I would certainly recommend this movie because of the wonderful acting which creates characters which are virtually indistinguishable from real people I know. Yet, at the same time, this movie makes me laugh at how foolish we are. Great film. Go see it.
An outrageously funny film that captured the spirit of the times with a musical score to match. An all star cast with a sense of humor about their own stardom. I'm guessing that this film is so hard to find anywhere because some of the stars that appeared in it lost their sense of humor as they got older. Nothing is sacred, except Marlon's bird.
Maureen O'Hara gives a quiet, confident and masterful performance as a retired schoolteacher, Helen Parker. We gradually learn about Helen Parker's past as she become reacquainted with one of her former students, Todd Cope. Todd Cope, Todd Cope's family, and we discover the importance of not getting caught up with the details of life and to slow down to appreciate what life has to offer.
Dont bother, dont even rent it. Terrible. Every bit of humor could have been condensed into a 10 minutes skit, and even that might not have gotten a laugh. If you really want to see this one, please wait for it to be on video, and even then have a back up plan, as I doubt you will want to sit thru the whole thing.
This movie was good.....but i suggest you see the original.(Walking Tall) I find that this movie shows Buford Pusser as just a fantasy movie character, and not the real tennessee sheriff he was. Bo Svenson was terrible as the role of Sheriff Buford. Why didn't Joe Don Baker act in the final two? They probably would have been alot better if he were in them.
Set in mississippi during the tumultous civil rights era, 1964, Gene Hackman and Willem Dafoe play FBI agents sent to uncover the whereabouts of some missing civil rights movement supporters. Of course they are not welcomed with open arms. Great acting by Hackman and Dafoe. Although the pairing of an older, wiser, vet and a newbie has been done so many times.. 7 of 10
This movie sucked. The box claimed that it was the female version of Die-Hard, this movie was anything but that. It started out as soft port then a horror flick and finally an action sequence. The only redeeming quality was that it was only 80 mins. I was really disappointed since I thought this movie was similar to Die Hard but I guess not. Grrrrrrrrrr.
Much more than a car commercial, Powder Keg explodes with energy, intelligence and heart. A powerful statement on war and our response to it, this film short packs more punch than most major studio releases. Clive Owen and Stellan Skarsgard prove once again that these two actors do not know how to give a bad performance. Well worth watching for film and car buffs, alike.
This movie is just as good as it gets. I saw it once more last night on late TV and couldn´t stop watching even though I´ve seen it 2 or 3 times already. You just can´t get tired of it and there´s not a lot of movies you can say that about. Jack Nicholson and all the cast are excellent. I give it a 10.
I was getting tired with this movie in the beginning. Seemed lame, middling and far- fetched for the most part even though I like the cast. I was ready to give up on it. But I bother to make this user comment to let you know that the last third or so was very rewarding, especially the nightclub scene, which is a well written scream
This movie is extremely horrible except for one line that Hav says. The line is said while she is talking on the phone to someone. She says: "Do I look like a biscuit? Do I look like a biscuit to you? Do I look like a french fry? Then why you treatin me like a side order!" Oh good lord this line is hilarious.
It was a great shock to me when I found that this film is given an average of 5.7 .I think it deserves to be in the top 50 movies.It is a great movie with great directing,story,crew and great performance by Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston.The songs also are incredible. I can`t see any reason for voters not to give this movie 9 at least!!
Edith Wharton wrote in a brilliantly minor key, and it is a testament to Martin Scorsese's genius as a filmmaker that he disciplined himself to work within Wharton's parameters, instead of trying to force his trademark kinetic style onto a story of tragic whispering. A beautiful, heartfelt film, with a superb performance from Daniel Day-Lewis(really, what else could you expect?).
A game rarely comes along that spawns many a fan and "successful" sequels. Monkey Island is at the top rank (When it comes to Computer games, that is). What you might think of as a rough, violent pirate game, totally turns away from it from the moment you enter the bar. (You'll see if you play). Laugh a minute and unpredictable, Monkey Island gets 11/10.
This movie was so beautiful. After seeing it, I read some of the reviews and I thought they were not anywhere near to what I saw. I always like to see movies where people find love where they least expected it. I just knew that in the end, he would find her at the hospital. This movie was perfect. I would definitely see it again.
No, not the closing credits - I wouldn't recommend you stay that long! No, I'm talking about the opening credits! The first 5 minutes is all I recommend you sit through, as it is the only thing that contains anything related to a plot, and you get to sit through a rockin' song! If you can stay awake any longer than that, I commend you!
which was made in 1931 with Adolphe Menjou and Pat O'Brien. Or better yet, watch His Girl Friday, which was filmed in 1940 with Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell (with Hildy Johnson recast as a female reporter). This 1974 version feels leaden and uninspired by comparison. Why remake a movie that has already been done beautifully--twice? Billy Wilder should have known better than to try.
Did anyone think this was funny in 1957? The Saucer Men have nice heads and sharp claws, but the cast of this dreadful comedy is strictly L7, Daddy-O. Pitsville, USA. AIP could only make decent comedies when Roger Corman was at the helm, and this film has good ol' Edward L. Cahn calling the shots, so you know it's going to be formulaic AND boring.
Dont bother, dont even rent it. Terrible. Every bit of humor could have been condensed into a 10 minutes skit, and even that might not have gotten a laugh. If you really want to see this one, please wait for it to be on video, and even then have a back up plan, as I doubt you will want to sit thru the whole thing.
Strictly for fans of the King this movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. It looked as though it was written and directed by Ed Wood without the props falling over. Elvis' hair changes from one camera angle to another, there is no real plot, all of the characters are predictable. The only saving grace was.....well....there was no saving grace. It's bad.
I hope I would be sleeping. What A waste of good young talent. Ben Affleck and Courtney Love should be ashamed of theirselves. The plot is very loose, the characters boring and the photography just adds insult to injury. The only thing good is the closing credits with the new Blondie song. (Trust me, buy the record rather than waiting around to hearit. Better memories!)
I watched R&B because Robert De Niro was in it. But his "Are you talking to me?"-scene couldn't rescue this incredibly stupid movie. I really can't imagine how anyone could enjoy watching this horrible crap. I felt robbed after watching. This movie stole some time of my life. I watched the second half in fast forward, so i didn't had to stand this annoying moose.
Wonderful pictures, attention to detail, and very talented actors. It's a shame that the story is too slow without any actual release. After an initial comment by Mikael Persbrandt's character I personally kept waiting for "something bad" to happen all through the movie. In the time-honored tradition of Scandinavian drama there will be shouting and full frontal nudity. Typical "wannabe serious moviegoer's" favorite, 4/10.
This Canadian short is okay, but it fell far short of my expectations for it. There are a few cute lines, and the main character does a few amusing things, but for the most part, it's only mediocre at best. Do yourself a favor, and instead of watching this film by Richard Condie, try to find his masterpiece "The Big Snit"...THAT is a funny film.
This, next to Volcano, is the worst Tommy Lee Jones film I've ever seen. The ghost bit didn't come off, the friends of Jones' character added nothing to the story...and the story! Just what was the story? Something about a ghost wanting her jewels back and her hubby running some creepy game on Jones. Stupid tale plus dull, plodding dialogue equals a real loser movie.
Screwball comedies had largely been done by 1945, but this tried to recapture the popularity of the genre. It fails miserably and wastes the talents of the stars. Poor Carol Landis, forced to laugh all the way through the film. Poor Pat O'Brien, who keeps falling into the water fully clothed to get laughs. Poor George Murphy for having to say those wholly unfunny lines.
this is hands down one of the worst movies i have ever seen. its such a simple crappy movie, yet i had no idea what was going on. the video was crap, the audio was crap, the nude scenes were crap, even the revealment of the killer was crap. i find it hard to believe that anyone rated this as a 3 or above.
Aside from the ponderousness, I was especially dissappointed to see an icon, Michael Caine, play a sniveling, groveling religious fantatic, alternately crying and kissing his St. Christopher's medal, in hopes of gaining absolution. Well, he'll never get it for this performance. And what were Charlotte Rampling and Alan Bates doing in this heavy handed message movie? Did they arrange a private screening for the Pope?
A deeply disturbing film, with some coarsely difficult scenes to view. Dark from the outset, with nary a glimmer of hope evident in its passing, this film is wanting to capture much more than it does. Overt symbolism weakens the plot, and were it not for Molly Parker and Callum Keith Rennie's stunning performances, this film would be seriously damaged. A difficult film to recommend.
This HAS to be one of the most boring movies in the last few years. The story was vague at best, the acting was horrible, and I don't know where they found the music they used - but it was unbearable. Definitely not recommended. If you want to see a good movie, go see Shrek for the fifth time or something.
The studios were churning out musical comedies in grosses in the 50's and this is a great example of why the genre eventually died. Red Skelton had NO chemistry with the Grayson-Keel pairing. The comedy does not mesh with the singing which is out of balance with the dancing, and there's no plot to speak of anyway. Try Kiss Me Kate instead. My score: 4/10.
ok, let's start with the premise. Twin body builders, baby-sitting twin spoiled brats. Still wanna see it? You might like to know that 3 others sets of twins join up with the body builders to fight a terrorist/business/oil giant/whatever. i counted 5 sets of twins in all, how many can you spot? more seriously now, this is truly one of the worst films ever.1/2*
An evil atrocity forced upon mankind. Need more details perhaps? The original was a great movie and is one of my all time favorites. Highlander 2 butchered the story, had pathetic villains and so many plot holes and continuity errors it's pathetic. Some movies are fun to watch despite their overall poor quality.. but not this one. Don't watch it. Not even as a joke.
This is probably one of the worst horror movies of the 90's.The story is dumb,the cast is mostly annoying and if you want scares...check better somewhere else.Even not enough blood to satisfy gore-hounds.Only one good thing about this horrible picture:quite well-made creature effects.In my opinion,due to such ridiculous films horror genre is slowly dying.So my advice to you is simple:avoid this dreadful piece of crap.
ok, let's start with the premise. Twin body builders, baby-sitting twin spoiled brats. Still wanna see it? You might like to know that 3 others sets of twins join up with the body builders to fight a terrorist/business/oil giant/whatever. i counted 5 sets of twins in all, how many can you spot? more seriously now, this is truly one of the worst films ever.1/2*
one of my favorite cheese flicks. if ya dig cheese u will dig this flick. i would love to give the movie a 10, but to rate the movie up there with the likes of citizan cane and gone with the wind would be insane. the only the i think would have made the movie better would be if kevin smith had written the screenplay.
Not filma making's finest hour. I felt this movie was just to obviously silly. Nothing really memorable or interesting about it, in an odd way it reminded me of "Weekend at Bernie's". I think the movie tried to be funny in a very obvious,contrived way. Not the worst film ever made but certainly not one that makes it's mark in any way, shape or form.
From the onset, this film was bent on destruction. Even in one's wildest imagination, Kansas doesn't come close to resembling the scenery in the film. When this much liberty is taken with the scenery, one might also wonder how it fared with the plot. Weaker than the cast. I fell asleep 3 times before I finally gave in and put on another movie.
I found the movie boring: a self indulgent throwback to the fifties, as interesting as a fall off a bike with much less poetry. Sitting thru it seemed to me as frustrating as being trapped in a traffic jam like the one depicted on screen. Some beautiful shots of Paris and a pleasant score fell far short of redeeming this picture for me.
This movie is so cheaply and badly made that "Plan 9 from outer space" looks like a big budget production in comparison. This, however, would still be excusable. The worst thing about the movie is that it features the on stage slaughtering of a real chicken. What a waste of live for such a crap! Has to be avoided at all cost!
This movie is so cheaply and badly made that "Plan 9 from outer space" looks like a big budget production in comparison. This, however, would still be excusable. The worst thing about the movie is that it features the on stage slaughtering of a real chicken. What a waste of live for such a crap! Has to be avoided at all cost!
The undertaking of the construction of the great canal at Suez was monumental. Sadly, "Suez" was not. Despite the grand beginnings (featuring a breathtaking ball gown with Loretta Young inside it) the film failed to deliver. Predictable in most every way, from the scene with the Indian sand reader to the stormy scenes between Powers and Annabelle. Good special effects. No plot continuity.
I owe a great deal of thanks to Neil Simon for this awful movie. After 15 minutes I walked out and went in to see the only other film at the duplex, an unknown called LOCAL HERO! WOW! One of my all-time TOP 5 FILMS! It was a stark contrast between this tired old c**p and the brilliance that can be achieved in movie making.
The beginning is OK, the end is OK. But the remaining 100 minutes are boring. The story is pretty slow and talkative. There are characters who are supposed to be funny and who are just dull.(Except Jean-Pierre Marielle as the gay detective who was great. Not interesting. It was time for Argento to leave thriller for fantastic. 4/10 (and i feel like a nice person)
I just finished watching this and was so disappointed I logged right in. I have never read the book upon which this is based, but being a science fiction fan, I have heard of it. Now, I'm not so sure I even want to read it. This movie was just terrible. It made no sense, the characters were empty shells, everything seemed completely contrived.
After watching the 1954 version numerous times and having read the novel several times, I was very disappointed with this version. The class, the atmosphere and acting were no where to be found. These days they'll do anything to make a fast buck! Stick to the 54' version, it may be campy but by a longer "league" than this version will ever hope to be.
This is without a doubt the worst adaptation ever. Im sorry but british comedy is only funny when its *British*. The American humour aint at all funny and the characters are weak to say the least. The only good point about this show is Kryten......only because its the original. An absolutely terrible tv show, if you like Red Dwarf then watch the original.
Sorry to say, I was bored about 2 minutes into this flick. The actors ham it up so much, they almost distract you from the flat dialogue. The Director tried really hard, maybe too hard, but nothing clicks in this movie. Our audience giggled once, but at the end, we all looked at each other, and left the theater wanting to see a REAL movie.
Despite a great cast and a terrific book as source material, this movie is simply dreadful. The writing is flat, the characters muted, the direction stilted. Worse, like Mississippi Burning, the role of the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi is virtually ignored. Some day, someone will make a great movie about the murders of J. E. Chaney, Mickey, Schwerner and Andy Goodman. This isn't it.
Interesting premises for a screwball comedy based around the nagging wants of a former First Lady and her relationship with the tired and frustrated Secret Service man. The performances by the two leads are perfect and certain situations are clever. But the third act ends on a ridiculous serious note that killed the film as a whole. And the music is way over the top.
Yesterday, I watched that movie and in its middle I was wondering: "Something is wrong!Did I get tickets for Charlie's Angels or for the Matrix 4 in female version?!!!.Unfortunately tickets were saying the truth,I was in the right movie...My opinion is that slow motion tricks and all the other stuff belong to Matrix and nowhere else.Charlie's angels, the series!! were more serious from the movies.
La Spagnola had a lot of potential but didn't live up to expectations. The plot just was not strong enough. Despite fine acting this was a missed opportunity. It has its heart in the right place but not a lot really happens. Alice Ansara is a real find and is a young actor we will here a lot more from in the future.
The original Fletch was kinda silly but fresh and different. This is old, not original and - if possible in something this tired - offensive. Fletch goes South to family homestead only to get tangled in local shenanigans. Nothing special from the supporting cast, no memorable lines, no reason to watch, and no explanation for the horde of Imdb reviewers that actually praise this movie.
No movie with William Powell can be a complete loss, but he really seems to be sleepwalking through this undernourished RKO mystery. The major problem is a poor screenplay--- apparently a collaborative effort---that never provides Powell with the witty repartee he could so joyfully dispense in better efforts. Even the supporting cast, excellent as they are, seem to be a bit embarrassed by the proceedings.
A whole bunch of girls have a big slumber party. They dare the driller killer to show up. Guess what? He does. A very slow and boring film. Even the nudity or death scene by vibrator can't liven things up. By far and away the worse in The Slumber Party Massacre series. Avoid it at all cost. My rating: 2 out of 10.
The absolute worst of the trilogy, not even comedy could save it ... Unrealistic, unbelievable, loud sudden sounds the only scary component. Really should have quit after one ... No. two was bad but not in the ball park compared to this disaster. Nev Campbell the only saving grace with the four votes given placed solely on her performance having to work under atrocious conditions.
Nothing original in this film. All these bad scenes have appeared in movies for years. The plot is bad, the acting is bad, the timing is bad. Even Gary Busey, who usually gives a good effort, seemed to be sleepwalking through this one. The good guys and the bad guys were so alike that the only person you feel confident cheering for is Bubba Smith.
I felt the script let this down, the story seemed somewhat pathetic. It would have made a good comic book, but surely there was something better to translate into a movie! It is sad to see how the Superman franchise simply evaporated after the first 2 films. Thankfully rumours of a joint Superman - Supergirl film never materialised, and were possibly idol Hollywood gossip.
I found "Lonely Man' in a local library. I can't believe it only has 26 votes on the IMDB. This is not as great as the Anthony Mann films I've studied in grad school. There is one with Anthony Perkins called "The Tin Star" which I would recommend more. But, this is still a good Western which doesn't follow the conventional theme/structure narrative. Worth a look.
This is also one of my favorite movies, along with Dances with Wolves and Last of the Mohicans. It makes me sigh to think of the beautiful native civilization, where people live in harmony with nature. It really points out how messed up things are in our civilization. The native scenes are gorgeous, both in the scenery and in the relationships portrayed. Definitely a worthy film.
As a person who has experienced the relationship between client and therapist for several years now, I found this movie to hit on the "sensitive" areas of that relationship in one of the most comical ways I have seen to date. Anybody who has ever been in therapy or who is in the profession should especially see this movie. I laughed all the way through it.
Good flick from back in the days when Full Moon Entertainment was serious about making them. Not much of a known cast, however they all put out excellent performances, especially Lance Henriksen who is one of my favorites. Well told story. I strongly recommend this one for Lance Henriksen fans, or someone who wants to see what Full Moon was able to do in their heyday.
This film has beautiful images to share. The movie was well produced with a great use of music with the different shots. The movie did get a little "environmental", but it was to be expected. I also think they could have chosen better music than Crosby, Stills and Nash. Overall I would highly recommend seeing it if you have the opportunity. It is educational and breathtaking.
My wife says at least once a week that I picked the worst possible film for us to watch. In this case I almost agree! This is one of the worst conceived and bad acted science fiction movie, and one asks itself who gave the credit to the director to do this movie, and then who let it be released. Avoid this complete waste of time.
This movie is not bad it is MORE than bad. It is really terrible and is one of the worst films I have ever seen. When I saw this movie for 11 months ago it was the first real time I wanted to kill the director MORE than once. The movie shouldn't been titled: Hellgate. It's real name should have been: Welcome viewers, welcome to Hell.
This documentary, nominated for an Academy Award, is a look back in time at the traffic problems in and around Los Angeles circa 1946. Interesting but qute dated, it does show that Los Angeles had problems with traffic flows even 55 years ago. Turner Classic Movies runs this occasionally and invariably runs it in March as part of its "31 Days of Oscar" programming. Worth watching.
I am a die hard fan of this series and part IV is my favourite. It is alot like the orignal but manages to surpass it. Angus Scrimm is at his best in this movie. Dont listen to all the negative feedback. Remember this film was made on a budget of only $650000....thats less than a million...The special effects were VERY GOOD. Bring on part V.
Starring Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Basil Rathbone and Claude Rains, this is often cited as the most popular adventure film of all time. Certainly, in comparison with later Robin films it comes out well, and it didn't hurt to have Technicolor, and Michael Curtiz' master direction. Errol Flynn was rarely more appealing, or de Havilland more luminous, and after sixty years, this remains a classic.
This movie is truly a classic. I know that some of the actor's skills are a bit suspect, but some of them, like Keira Knightly, had began to show some of their true talent in this film. Also, the script is incredibly witty in some places, and incredibly meaningful in the next. And finally, the idea behind the movie is excellent. 10/10 for me...a TV classic
I remember a fun energetic guy who tricks and plays jokes on an old buddy. There is a woman that works for his buddy. He ends up falling in love with a her and at the same time he changes her reputation as an actor to be a real star.It turns out that his buddy plays a joke right back and well.... you should watch it.
This is one of my favorite movies. The story is well told, the characters work very well in the film and it's beautifully shot. It is also home to one of the funniest scenes of all time from a movie - the draft/registration for vietnam. I won't give it away, but it makes me laugh out loud everytime I see it.
This is a nifty little piece of American Cold War propaganda. Much time is spent comparing the methods of the USSR to those of the WWII Axis powers. Deeper than that, though, is the ending, which draws a clear comparison of the "medicine-man" tactics used by all those aforementioned enemies and the McCarthyites, who at the time of this film's release were in full swing.
Good cloak and dagger action drama set in London 1939.Has very good sets and story but could have been a classic if it had better directing and script/screenplay.The director had a little difficulty finding a good balance between being edgy or watered down in a more Hollywood way.Great entertainment though for cloak and dagger fans and big fans of the lead stars.Selleck looks really good here.....
Billy Crystal promised to make a tribute to the golden age of sport. A time when the games were played by athletes, not corporations. A time when the game was more important than the money. His movie concentrates on all the wrong things. He sees only the media, not the men. He should be ashamed to have disgraced the memory he purpots to hold so dear.
Well about the plot and the characters, you'll just have to see, it is fairly well done movie, lots of good scenes, although some bring up thoughts of deliverence , but don't come close to 'Squeel like a pig boy'. Anyways Good Movie, makes you think what family will do for you. But don't take my word. See it. Good waste of time like most films.
Not exactly something for the 'whole' family, as the plot of the flick is about the porn industry (with a slight twist). However, if above the legal age of viewing, totally worth the look. I laughed so hard I missed a few of the jokes, they where one right after the other. Very well done. One to try and catch whenever/wherever you might be able to.
I enjoyed this movie, very much. I keep expecting certain things and never got them. This was a very original film, not at all what I expected. Adrian Paul was terrific. His character when from shy to aggressive in the blink of an eye. After seeing him in the Highlander movies and series this was certainly a change. I loved this movie!
the only possible reason for watching this tripe is to see Mr Moore playing the completely improbable lead character. When this went out recently on tv I actually thought the scene with Moore addressing his troops was a clip from a Python movie that I had missed out on... if you think movies have not improved since the eighties have a good look at this turkey....
This film is awful, the film portrays the women with so many issues, you wonder how balanced she was. Sort of discredits the story, I wish they just went with the part at work, and stayed away from her personal life. My rating on this film is gag me a bag, run from your tv! This film is like videodrome it will give you hallucinations. 3/10
This is one of the best films I have seen all year. I notice how few votes it has received and assume that it has gone mostly unnoticed. The words "I don't see how it could have been made any better come to mind.". A psychological thriller which kept my interest level throughout the entire film. Thoughtful, believable, emotionally moving and extremely well acted. Highly recommended!
This movie, with out a doubt, made me laugh more than any movie I have seen! I love the plot. It's two completely absurd people who fall in love before ever meeting because they're both weirdos!!! It's SO great!!! But that's not all, Amelie decides she wants to do good in the world, make a difference, and she does in the most absurd and hilarious ways.
Bonnie Raitt is one of the finest musicians from the USA. With this concert-registration "Road Tested" she proofs her qualities beyond any doubt. It's an evening full of great songs and beautiful duets with Bruce Hornsby and Jackson Browne. The performances of "come to me" and "feeling of falling" are just fantastic ! It's like she proudly says herself : "That's the band I like" !!
As a German myself I know how bad usually German movies are. This one is one of the very very very few exceptions. What makes it an exception is: no overdoing morality, no sentimentality beyond realism, GOOD ACTORS (all of them newcomers, so nepotism didn't do it as in many other German movies), an original story. Is there a scent of dawn in German Filmindustry ?
The killer in this film is the treachery of the supporting actors. I'm not one to endorse crooked cops or domestic violence, but when you see these birds in action, you understand why Cagney rules his roost the way he does.VERY underrated,very fast and colorful. Post "White Heat" and Jimmy STILL has a fresh arsenal 1 year later. A must see with a great death scene.
this is what made hk films memorable in the early 90's. I love this film when i first saw it, and once i watched it again it got even better. Pure slapstick comedy is included, and great acting by the actors/actresses. Stuff like the 'wink' that tony lau kar fai gave followed with a mesmerizing wing going pass bridgette lin, you dont see that stuff anymore.
One of my favorites of the 30's and 40's light comedy-mysteries. Spooky house, hidden passages and a murderer to catch. Carole Landis never looked better, and Joan Blondell is at her funniest. A shame that films like this one aren't seen much anymore. The B/W version is better to watch than the colorized version, but either is worth watching. Recently re-issued as a low cost DVD.
Facing one's parents, the sentence mostly said from us is "everybody's fine". The grown up children don't want their older parents to worry about them, and hide their problems and sadness. Sometimes, to find the truth out may not be the best way. The movie shows us the permanent love from parents and reminds us to review the relationship with parents. Very touching and lovely movie.
This man went to so much trouble to own his own personal territory that you almost rooted for him. He even spent 3 years learning calligraphy so he could forge the necessary land grant documents. Too bad the U.S. government go suspicious and made his little plan harder to pull off. An unusual western and a different role than we are used to seeing Price in.
There are frames in this film that could be Renoir paintings with vivid colors against muted backgrounds. The humorous combination of sexual honesty and innocence is refreshing in this fifties film and makes palatable the old story line of the ingenue that becomes a star. The can-can number at the end seems realistic and exciting but not over the top as in an American dance sequence.
OK, this movie isn't high art. It's a silly comedy for kids or families. But if that's what you're looking for then this is a good one. Some of the performances are goofy, some of the images are goofy, but hey, there's nothing wrong with enjoying this movie. Just don't take it too seriously (because you can't) and let yourself be a kid for a while.
Forget Lock Stock and the rest of Guy Ritchie's overrated rubbish,this is a real British gangster film.Great performances by Hoskins and Mirren and great support from a variety of dodgy looking geezers from TV. Hoskins final speech is electrifying , and deserves to go down in movie history. In conclusion,if you have'nt seen this movie ,get hold of a copy NOW. IT'S THE BUISNESS ********** 10/10
Like the first reviewer here said, this is a mess of a movie. It's really more of a 70's black exploitation type film than anything else. Not a genre I am a fan of. I should have known it would stink when Snoop Dogg is the lead. The only rapper I have ever liked in a film was "Ice Cube" in "Ghosts of Mars".
This is a very strange film - so strange that if you don't know the story beforehand, it won't make any sence at all. It is filmed uniquely (lost of special camera effects), using minimal intertitles. The subject matter is racy, to say the least, and you get to see plenty of skin from beautiful people. is it a fantastic movie? not especially, but worth seeing.
I just watched this movie because Hopkins was in it, I expected another boring Hollywood style comedy. But it turned out to be a very funny movie. It was very entertaining to me. Good acting, good story (the side story fits in perfectly also) and good jokes. Don't watch this movie if you are narrow minded and can't appreciate humor about sex, dung and bodily fluids.
It was great to watch this film and see live footage of the great Irish rock guitarist Rory Gallaher, performing with his band Taste. Sadly, Rory is no longer with us. Indeed, watching this film showed just how many of our famous and infamous rock stars have passed away since 1970. Hendrix, Morrison, Moon, Entwhistle, Gallagher - all gone to that great gig in the sky.
This film had all of the cliches of its genre. But, even so, it just kept up a certain charm. Michael J. Fox had none of the irritation factor that I have long associated with him. The movie is pure corn, but somehow you know this, and it's still OK. Maybe my lust for Julie Warner has unfairly inflated my estimation of this movie.
My wife and I caught Winding Roads in St. Louis and were pleasantly surprised. Finally, a movie about regular people dealing with regular issues. We are so tired of special effects and flashy filmmaking with no substance. This film was great and the acting was phenomenal. The lead actor - Kimberly Quinn -has quite a career ahead of her - kudos to the director as well.
In a time of shallow characters, cheap story lines and bubble-gum pop entertainment, this film is incredibly needed. The characters were rich and personable and the story was very moving. Anyone who truly takes this film to heart will leave with a different outlook on life. David L. Cunningham has masterfully crafted this work into a film that should not be overlooked, especially in our time.
This is the best of the Kay Francis vehicles, and I had never heard of it before a couple days ago. Kay is stylish, George Brent actually looks handsome. And there is a real plot, not just cutesy and/or tear-jerking posturing. Married couples, formerly married couples. And -- a couple who are jewel thieves. It zings along and is great, amusing, romantic fun.
So...Joey Lauren Adams is this professor in philosphy......With that voice???? It somehow didn't seem right to me. At least we've learned about the dangers of drugs. Before you can say LSD, you're entangled in a web of deceit, with both the FBI and the mafia on your tail. No use to get philosophical about it, just say no. As Buffy would say: 'cos it's Wrong!!!
fast-paced. Hot young (and older) stars. Pretty good acting. The story is weak though...not much original. The drug bit has been used so many times (and overdone here) that its not funny. about the pacing, I saw an early screening, and I recommend recutting the last scene. The shot with the kid and the eyes is good, but the reunion with Joey Lauren Adams is overlong.
This is the funniest movie I've ever seen. I'm channel surfing and I come in just as the T-Rex is going to some party and you see the table shaking as it walks. It was the funniest thing I'd ever seen. I had to come here just to see if it was a real movie. This is great, I can't wait to see what happens next!
Having grown up New York Irish I can completely empathize with the characters and their lifestyles. A truly first class job by Director Phil Joanua and leading men Sean Penn as Terry Noonan and Gary Oldman as Jackie Flannery. Robin wright (Penn) is excellent as Cathleen Flannery and Ed Harris is great as the elder Flannery. One of my favorite movies of all time- a masterpiece.
OK, mabe only second best behind a certain Speilberg movie, but the first real classic. The first big-bugget (for the time) special effects movie, the first dinosaur movie and one of my favorites, one of my most prized possesions is a FULLY RESTORED 135-MINUTE VERSION! for everyone who wants to see the restored version, keep watching TCM and keep a vcr handy with some blank tapes.
Congrats, this was the worst movie I was ever unfortunate enough to see (and I've seen a lot). Acting sucked, script sucked, and if there had BEEN a plot that would have sucked too. I don't blame the actors, they didn't have much to work with. This just stumbled into every single trap it could have stumbled into. The kicker? The *ending*...what the hell was that?
Handsome lad takes a computer course and finds the male teacher making warm advances to him. The next thing we know, Bobby is contemplating coming out of the closet, much to the shame and embarrassment of his father. Being a typically rebellious youth, Bobby decides to live up to his father's vision of a 'sissy' by coming to the dinner-table in drag. Only in the movies...
ok, I must admit that I have been only admiring the beauty of Maxwell Caulfield in this movie. he is just damn cute. but again, this is also a good movie for the whole family to watch. easy to understand. this kind of disney-like movie is never a bad choice when you are just looking for fun time in viewing. rent the tape and watch it.
As I have seen some other watchers don't seem to like this movie but I think it's good by any standards. Coneheads's way of speaking and doing everything a little more faster than everyone else is hilarious. And unlike others have said there are many gags that worked. If you had/have an opportunity to see this movie in an actual movie theatre you won't be disappointed.
I thought "The Blair Witch Project" was awful, but this movie is worse than that!! It was super cheesy and the most boring movie in the world! Why did they waste their time making it? They shouldn't have even wasted their time!! Did those "actors" get paid to do what they did? They would have been better off working at McDonald's for the day!! ABSOLUTELY AWFUL!!
Just when you thought I liked nothing more then "shoot-em up" or 'slap-stick' comedies.. Yes folks, this is one of my favorite movies of all times There are some people who may dislike this movie (because the truth hurts OR whatever sick reason they have for their hatred). But those capable of enjoying a well made film - will JUST LOVE this flick.
The Oh My Goddess series is my favorite anime story of all time. The animation is absolutely gorgeous. The music is nice and catchy. The love story will put tears in your eyes(not guaranteed). The ending is a pleasant surprise that puts everything together. If you don't like anime, you'll still like Oh My Goddess. This stuff is great, fun entertainment for people of all ages.
Lelouche and Trintignant combine for a deft, lighter touch than their normal weighty collaborations. Full of wry touches, there is never a pause in the mind's contribution and nothing conventional to help you catch your breath. This is the kind of movie that you wish Hollywood could make but it never does, full of layers of complexity and wit, this mini-masterpiece improves with each repeated viewing.
SPOILER ALERT You, reading this site, know that this film is a MOCKumentary. I liked this film a lot, and really enjoyed seeing it with someone who assumed it was all true... or at least he didn't begin to question until well into the film. Tell them after if you must, but I think I would have liked it even more if I hadn't known!
**SPOILERS**This 'Boomer' guy has to be the loser of the century. Not only is the story flawed from beginning to end, the whole movie doesn't work. Colossal waste of time. SPOILER! SPOILER! If you get an ice pick rammed through your arm or hand do you think the next day you could function without pain in that area?? Rent 'Dumb and Dumber' at least you'll laugh.
This is probably Jean-Claude van Damme at his sexiest. The best thing is that he's a prisoner, and there's no suggestion that he was wrongfully imprisoned. He starts off as a bad boy, but of course his tough exterior melts away to reveal his inner sentimentality when he meets a widow and her two children, one of which is played by one of those hideous Culkins.
The Warner bros, was my favorite studio from the Hollywood system between 1930-45. They make social films, gangster movies, romantic melodramas, musical comedies, and sometimes robust comedies like this one. Here, the great E.G. Robinson makes funs of his bad guys role, like he will do a few years later in Brother Orchid. Dialogues are very funny and the situations, very simples, are hilarious. Good laughs!
Poor photography, at least as seen on Showtime, and a rather coy use of close-ups are the only things that spoil this photographed stage presentation. It is faithful to the spirit and letter of Arthur Miller's original script, and it is acted with sincerity and feeling. Willy Loman as victim is presented in straight-forward manner with no attempt to excuse the "system" by hints of madness.
Well, what can I say. This movie is a slow, typical swedish crime story on the silver screen. As such, it's nothing spectacular. But since I'm a journalist, I can appreciate the many scenes taking place at the newspaper. They are good, if only a little too tame. If people only knew how cynical journalists really are, they'd be chocked. Sometimes reality's more extreme than fiction...
I really like Sci-Fi movies, and this one had a promising plot, I thought. A few of the special effects were nice, but the film never managed to catch my full attention. So, if you need to see low budget Sci-Fi, watch it! It may be useful to study for amateur directors. But I would not recommend this film to anybody looking for an exciting evening.
This movie rules. Why? Two words, ROSE MCGOWAN!!! This was Roses first major staring rule, and playing a confused and bewildered teen seems right up her alley. The dialogue in the film is striking and highly original, and the visuals are unforgetable. No one can watch this movie and feel comfortable, and that in itself demonstrates the meaning behind this expose on culture, violence and youth.
This one makes you laugh even if you don't want to: hilarious from tip to toe, its segmentation works perfectly and makes us want to see more at the end. A perfect comic timing and clever jokes make this one a winner, with unbelievable performances, characters and stories. My favorites are the italian story and the episode in the inside of the human body. Truly great!
This made for TV movie would be ok if you left out the second half of the film. The plot starts out good, but gets progressively dumber as the film moves on. The film keeps a good pace and can even give a scare in places, but overall, I'm not impressed - and the bad effects make the movie rated only a 3 in my book.
Yes, I gave this film a 1. I would have given it a zero, but it was not possible. I read all your overwhelming comments about this movie and bought the DVD. Started to watch it looking forward to an unforgettable film experience. Well, the film did not disappoint me. Really. It is unforgettable! The worst film since "Plan B from outer space"!
In what may be one of the truly bad films of all time, the lead actress cries out "Oh My God," whenever anything unexpected happens. I counted six such outbursts and stopped, but it occurred to me that her words sum up this witless, pretentious,badly acted, badly directed, badly written, badly photographed mess. OH MY GOD, indeed honey, OH MY GOD indeed!
For the longest time, this was my least favorite stooge short. The stooges with Joe Besser and an outer-space plot was always a warning sign that you were to be witness to cinematic poop. Though, fishing for something positive to say, I have had the "pleasure" of watching HORSING AROUND, which reaches to an even lower depth than this prize of a stooge short. 0.5/10
This is one of the worst movies I've seen in years! I was so unhappy with this movie, I actually stopped watching it 30 minutes before the end... something which I almost never do! Even if this movie was free to rent, I still wouldn't rent it! It's a big waste of time, especially when there are so many other movies out there!
I guess this is a good movie to watch in the cinema, though only if you have someone to talk to (or more). Take an early show and bring popcorn. The best part of the movie is the shot after the movies is over, where this guy sings "I guess you're not here about the noise" - so make sure you stay untill the very end.
My God. This is an awful film. How anyone thought this would be a success is beyond me. Landry looks like a fish out of water (a fish with a good body, I'll have you, but a fish nonetheless), and the direction and script are frankly laughable. A definate no-go for anyone who does not wish to undergo the same horrible experience as yours truly. 0/10
This is one of the sillier alien films you'll see. There's obvious attempts to use symbolism in the way that worked for 2001, but they fall flat. The alien monolith? Hmmmm, I'm sure that's a coincidence ;) Badly acted and with a silly script, this is a B grader if ever I saw one. One for the late night TV film section I think.
Taken straight from "actual files of the Hollywood Vice Squad",Penelope Spheeris' fourth film tries to be both a comedy and serious drama at the same time,and fails miserably at both.The comedy doesn't work,and all the actors look like they're acting underwater,so the viewer ends up not caring what happens to any of the characters.This movie is like watching a train wreck in progress,without the adrenaline flow.
From Hell wants to be everything. Sadly it is nothing, besides extreme violence. Seven had violence with style and for a reason. From Hell is like Dead Presidents (which is better, though it´s still pretty bad): graphic violence and that´s it. The direction is horrible and Graham shows us that she can´t act in a serious role. Meaningless and wannabe dark movie is what it is.
I rated this film a "2" because Sharon Stone wants soooo bad to give a "great", "oscar-winning" type performance. So many gaffes in this production and I am surprised what with Sidney Lumet's track record that he allowed it. See the first "gloria" with Gena Rowlands - it is much, much better. However, if you like Sharon Stone, she is okay in this movie.
My 10 year old daughter and I both nodded off during this movie. My 8 year old liked it, though. Awful dialog, awful story, awful animation. . . Just awful. I thought it couldn't get much worse than The Cat in the Hat. I was wrong - very wrong. Straight to video would have been too lenient. It should have gone straight to the garbage dump.
Number 3, why? How far can they wear out this formula? I started routing for the bad guys and maybe this way the series would be finito. Joe Pesci plays an annoying character. It makes me wonder what he is like in real life. This is a typical shootout hollywood ending. It is so predictable. The humor between the two main actors is getting old. 3/10
Trust me. I've been in enough sleazy video stores, pored over myriad Z-grade shlockers to be able to qualify this as the most inept waste of celluloid I have ever seen. And yet it achieves greatness in a way only the most bereft of talent can, a deliriously incompetent mishmash of bungling Kung-Fu action, tomato-ketchup horror and side-splitting soft porn. Only the most insane need apply.
Personally,I didn't see a single boom shot in the whole extravaganza.There were some shots that were incredibly out of focus,but it turned out they were deliberate choices by the filmmakers.Parts of this film are actually wickedly funny,as all horror films should be.I couldn't help thinking though while watching this film that it might have actually been quite terrifying if the babies just looked like real babies!
Oldman's intense performance and an obvious effort to make a surreal, metaphysical statement weren't enough to pull the weight of this film. Long, drawn out scenes reminded me of the guy who goes "Get it? Get it yet? Get it now?" long after the joke has been made. Also irritating were Russell and Camps' performances, which were hard to pinpoint as whiny scripting or whiny acting.
This movie is, flat out, atrocious in every way. The acting is awful, the stunts are laughable, the fights are very poor, there is no plot, and what little plot that exists is ridiculous. However, I highly recommend it as a tutorial on how not to make a movie, and for any big group of people who wants to end up rolling on the floor laughing.
hmmm... this is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. I don't understand why it has such a relatively high rating. Maybe some people think it funny because it is so bad... but even that is not possible with this 'movie' in my opinion. The best I can say about it is that it is a continuous stream of VERY silly jokes. Don't watch this!
Overlong, overblown and overly-annoying. Characters weep and scream at the slightest provocation. Has slight attempt at some visual motifs, which is why it got a 2/10 instead of a 1/10. Performances were mostly grating, perhaps with the exception of Quiyi. Plot turns are explained away by a ridiculous-sounding voiceover, so what we're left with on-screen is just weepy trash. A complete waste of my two hours.
Oh dear. They tried, but I'm afraid that a 28 minute pilot in Britain DOES NOT GO INTO 22 minutes. Well it would if you didn't have an extra character, more plot and changing lines like "My library books are overdue" to some rubbish about Baseball cards. Too rushed, too short - the only redeeming features being Jane Leeves and of course the always excellent Llewelyn.
Dear my fellow movie lovers I have been asked to comment on the highly over rated comedy 'Fools Rush In' the fact of the matter is that with a better script this film would be good. What i liked about this film was the fact that the ideas were original and not cliched. If any one want a good script written contact me Jawad
with all the hype this movie has gotten over the years, you'd expect it to be a zany laugh riot...but it's not THAT funny (except the finale.) i think there may be an emperors-new-clothes syndrome with this flick, everybody expects it to be so utterly wacky that i'll be worth watching...but it's boring. oh yeah...interesting...this movie was made when marijuana was legal in the usa.
I wanted to give this movie a 2 out of 10 rating for some interesting special effects, but I just can't. The fact that it was even made while other scripts (any other scripts) were passed over is a crime. None of the characters interested me, the story was boring, and the movie seemed to end abruptly. It started out bad and went downhill from there!
No, seriously. It makes no sense. It's just a bunch of random nothing thrown together in as senseless as way possible. Pick up stock footage, assemble it at random, and release it as a feature film, and you'll have something easily better than this. So bad, it's not even funny. The only thing funny is that I watched it, and you can laugh at that.
best you can do while watching this movie is guessing which scene was stolen from which movie - so you could be able to stay awake. though sebastian niemann tries hard to give it a personal touch, he can´t overcome the ill-fated premise of the muddled script. worst of all- you simply don´t care for the characters. amanda plummer looks more like her father than ever.
If you can sit through this movie without killing yourself or someone next to you who may have been involved in the selection process, then you are person who has a will of steel and should not be wasting his time watching movies but teaching some sort eastern Shinto religion. This movie really really really sucks..I don't know how much more I can emphasize that!
This film is a classic example of an arty film on a hallowed novel which gets brilliant reviews but is unapproachable and dull to the majority of the movie going public. Unless you have read the novel and are au fait with the subject matter, even the intelligent viewer will be left bemused and quite frankly bored to tears. Only for the die-hard Virginia Wolfe fans.
it starting off okay, but it seemed like the film had an identity crisis for the most part. i suspect that they ran out of money when they were filming and just went with what they had. a big disappointment from tamara davis (although not as big as finding out that she directed a b.spears film - what did mike d think about that?) 2/10
This movie must have never been layed out to see if any of the scenes made sense. The script left much to be desired and the acting was bad. I have to say i'm disappointed in Sean Connery. If you've seen it, you know what i mean about teddy bears. If you ever want to know what a truly poor movie is like, see The Avengers.
I enjoyed the first Dragonheart very much. This new one was certainly inferior to the first, but I found it worth my time. It was released straight to video and that is a obvious sign of lacking. It was short and the plot was fairly shallow, but it did have it's moments especially comedic ones. It doesn't do the original justice, but its still fun
One of the dumbest animes I've seen, ever. And one of the worst movies overall to boot. Not as bad as "Dude, where's my car?" but that's probably only because this one is quite short (the only redeeming quality of the movie). Stupid "plot", boring animation, horrible voice overs and bland action. Not the best recipe for a successful anime in my book. Avoid.
The Hole is very cleverly written and it keeps you guessing-about both how the characters came to be trapped and what happen to them while they were. This is why i liked it so much, not many films can keep me guessing! I am also very proud that it is a British film as it is far better than any "teen horror" films i have seen recently!
This is not the most intellectually stimulating film ever made. Nor is it the most believable plot - but it is funny, whimsical and charming, and occasionally surreal. If you want a film to brighten up your life, this fits the bill just nicely. The supporting cast are also very engaging, being far more than just a backdrop to Moore and Hannah. I like it a lot.
It goes to show that Final Fantasy VIII even appears on a movie website. Actually, there's no site better fit to host FFVIII than imdb, because that's what it is, an interactive movie. A realistic cast striving to find truth in an artistically orchestrated world makes this the game that has finally bridged the gap from games to movies, and burned the bridge from games to cartoons.
All the people and every thing appeared in this movie, is going wild and freely on their own way,and having no care about anything bit. Calling Africa, Drivin'a Lift-Up car, Lobster, Nuclear- Shelter, Wedding party, Machine-Gun, Love, Race, Sound, T-Shirts, and Summer. This movie and O.C.and Stiggs DO everything!! And it's a kind of Rock'n Roll much more than ;Beavis& Butt-head;Wayne&Garth;Bill&Ted I love this. I write again.
Chaney Jr was a great man,he actually started me on horror films,and made me read the Steinbeck classic. Well I love this film. It is amazing. It`s got a great story,follows the novel very carefully. And it makes you care about the characters. Chaney shines in the best role of his career. Where he isnt a ghost or goblin,not that is not bad. Great movie! 4/4
Awful dialog, a plot that makes no sense, speeded-up car chases, gratuitous explosions, paper-cutout characters (not substantial enough to be cardboard). A German-Indonesian co-production in which the actors speak whatever language suited them, and then all the voices were badly dubbed at the end. Nothing about this film appears credible; you may find it unintentionally hilarious, or you may just wonder why they (and you) bothered.
A horribly dated movie. Made in 1992, the clothes, hair and music all cry early 1990s. Contains a very simplistic plot about a murder during a robbery, this is no classic. The only stand out scene is the school locker confrontation between Omar Epps and Tupac Shakur (Shakur showed he could act). Overall, rather bafflingly over-rated by IMDB reviewers and for die hard Tupac Shakur fans only.
I enjoyed this movie far more than I thought I would. Both male leads give good performances (I never doubted they were really friends, which is rare in a movie) and there were many funny moments, a lot of which came from Bonnie Hunt. The only character that seemed underdeveloped and forced was Natasha - Jason Lee's ex. Their scenes together didn't do much for the movie.
Since this movie came out in 1997, it has aired at least once a year, and I have yet to miss it. It's just that good! This is one of my favorite movies... Christmas or otherwise. Mimi Rogers gives an incredible performance. This is a feel-good movie. The writers of "The Christmas List" are incredibly creative. This movie just fits together wonderfully. I absolutely recommend this movie.
This is an excellent movie. Well written, directed and acted. One of the few movies well worth the price of admission. See it, and enjoy... I have no idea how a movie such as this could receive ratings of 1. Which account for 10% of the total votes, obviously these people did not actually see the movie, and must have a hidden motive behind such a rating.
This movie is different in the fact it's about dragons and their rule of man kind.The acting was incredable for this film and the special effects were top of the line. The plot was a lil iffy but thats ok cuase its about human survival and not the dragons.( The dragons were very well done CGI and creature effects) It's a good movie and its very entertaining.
I can't believe this isn't in the top 50 thrillers of all time. Die Hard is a big budget action movie, with sophistication. Alan Rickman, who plays the film's German uber-baddie, really controls the part and brings in some blunt wit. Die Hard is the best and probably most violent of the trilogy. Endlessly entertaining and effortlessly rewatchable, Die Hard is a classic. 8.2 out of 10.
David Cronenberg's Camera is a great short.There's is only 2 people in the film witch's makes it more interesting to watch.The film is pretty rare so I hope that anybody that is a fan of Cronenberg will try to find.this .I was lucky enought to find a copy on the internet.On a scale of 1 to 10 Camera gets a 9, Highly recamended to a Cronenberg fan.
Great movie, although it rather is a documentary... The abortion-scandal is well displayed and the director, producers and the cast can be proud of their work. The last story (with Cher) is based on real documentary-footage, so the things the anti-abortion-club does and the things these people say, were really done and said. A movie you MUST see if you are at all interested in the abortion-case.
We couldn't tell if this movie was designed for little kids or kids and undemanding adults. It was a mess for sure. Kiddie plot, grainy and cheap production values and a lot of very bad overacting. Daphne Zuniga and Jack Wagner actually looked embarrassed to be there. Even for PAX-TV this was a low-brow entry. It looked more like a Disney Channel Saturday morning show.
I saw this film when i was about 9, since then i have been hooked on it! Its hilarious and cool. Meryl Streep, is superb and funny and knows how to light up the screen. This is definatly one of my favourite films of all time and very good if you want a laugh. Death Becomes Her has great special effects and is an excellent 'black comedy'.
This movie is, I think, extremely well-acted and produced. As for the comments about the extreme differences between the characters, have they not heard the old adage that "truth is stranger thatn fiction?" I love this movie, pure and simple. The comments I've read about the scene on the table in the diner turn me off. I think it's great and it's one of my favorites.
This a well made movie with a fresh, young cast. Corrigan shows great enthusiasm for dialogue, especially one liners and double entendre. The plot twists are fun and totally unexpected. I also thought that the technical aspects of the movie were great-- especially the sound and music. My only criticism would be that the flashbacks at the end became a little repetitive. Otherwise an excellent first movie.
There's something about the idealized look of early animation that appeals to me. This cartoon (though I haven't seen it in years) presents a peek into the imaginary high-living, cosmopolitan lifestyle of the well-to-do in the 1930's. The music is memorable, the drawing and shading are gorgeous. If you're anything like me this cartoon will have you longing for a life which only exists in our dreams.
Largely dense road movie with some comic relief provided by the excellent John Cleese (although he is really sending up his performance in Fawlty Towers). Seems to flip from over the top slapstick to slushy sentimentality at the drop of a hat, and the worst part of the film is that Martin and Hawn have to "find themselves", who they are, etc. See it at your peril.
Film starts with an intriguing premise: a group of teens is terrorized after a party by a pack of masked Satanic cult members known as the Shadows. Their nerves are frazzled throughout the night as the cult members close in on them. But then morning comes, and what could've been an interesting horror film degenerates into a talky, predictable, seen-it-all-before cliche. *1/2 out of ****
These directors have never let me down: I was addicted to their work when they did Thirtysomething some 15 years ago and since then have always been amazed by their subtle touch. This film could so easily have been nauseating, but the superb acting made up for the rather predictable character played by Michelle Pfeiffer, while the child was perfectly cast. As for Sean Penn? Amazing.
A truly awful movie. Amazingly bad from the start to the finish. The Invisible Maniac, Sorority House Massacre 2 and Hard to Die are in a sense a trilogy because they all have Melissa Moore, nudity and bad acting. The other two movies are better than this one. Moore's nude in all three, and all of the other actresses look like they came straight off the corner.
I think this was a wonderful movie for any person who likes a good romance story and science fiction. It blends the two together very well to create a wonderful story line. Robin Williams was excellent, as usual, in his portrayal of an android. Although a little more on the serious side, his wit and humor still shown through. I would recommend this movie to my friends.
This is a Playstation game with 40 hard levels. I played it for 2 years finally completing it. You start off playing as a small dinosaur then you play as a raptor then a human then a T-rex and finally a human again. It hardest levels were Into the fire, edge of chaos and there were two. 10 out of 10. Chaos Island was a PC game.
This is an extremely well done film using combinations of clips of statements made by Bush, Cheney, Powell, et.al justifying the invasion of Iraq, along with commentary by many highly reputable CIA analysts, ambassadors, and other government officials explaining the false basis of these justifications. The film demonstrates what many people have known intuitively--that the invasion was totally unjustified. The film is made with precision and integrity.
Unlike most Hollywood movies that must be pigeonholed into categories--comedy, drama, romance--this movie dared to be all of these. And it dared to be low-key, without large, manufactured tragedies or plot hooks. Rather, it had the elegiac mood and idiosyncratic details of a fine short story, with its characters neither good nor bad but human, their lives honestly and touchingly observed by a sensitive screenwriter and director.
One of the two best documentaries I have ever seen......Little Dieter Needs to Fly is the other. This has to be the most dysfunctional family ever caught on film. Makes the Osbournes look like pikers! But don't mistake that comment to compare the two. Different worlds completely. Crumb gives you a psycho-view into the twisted minds of a family fruitcake. Truth murders fiction again! 9/10. See it.
the storyline created by the director is imaginatively transferred, under the restraints of a low budget, he succeeds in bringing his artistic expression onto the screen that of the soulless world of vampires that inhabit the new jersey area. a slightly surreal atmosphere that transcends nicely! considering the budgetary limitations, one can only wonder what this talented director, could express with say a twenty million dollar budget?
"Dis" might be the worst Norwegian movie ever made, (it have some really hard competition), but at the same time it have something else, it was a box office smash hit, not for the movie, but for the laughs, if I remember correctly, over 300,000 Norwegians watched this movie at the cinemas, and that more then the avarege movie here gets, it packed full houses for weeks.
Even for pre-Hayes code cinema, this one is particularly smutty. Not to say there's nudity or whatever, but the sexuality positively drips off the screen, and very little is said which doesn't have to do with intercourse of one sort or another. They probably had fun making this one. Highly recommended if you can find it. Thanks to the American Film Institute for their preserving this film.
I first saw this film when I was nine years old and it scared me to death. It was atmospheric for a young boy to watch and full of dark brooding camera work. Charles Laughton was excellent in the type of part in which he always excelled. Maureen O'Hara looked suitably beautiful and Robert Newton made a convincing Revenue man. This film cries out to be remade.
What is wrong with Hollywood? They pump up virtually unwatchable action flicks and bury real gems like Buying the Cow. This movie was intelligent, original, insightful (to a point) and funny. I feel sorry for everyone involved in this production -- because some distributor someone dropped the ball. If you liked Office Space, The Castle, Happy Texas, or Romy & Michelle's High School Reunion, watch this movie.
I don't want to give away anything about this wonderful, haunting film. If you liked "The Sixth Sense", "The Others" or "Ring", this will show you how those films pale in comparison. I felt my skin crawl so many times, and the movie has been haunting my thoughts for days now. I sincerely hope that a wider audience has a chance to experience this dark, beautiful film.
This is one of the better Spaghetti westerns from the late 1960's. Franco Nero, Tony Musante, and Jack Palance are all in good form. My DVD copy is a cheap one and seems badly edited but the fun and vibrancy of the film still comes through. A cool political western the theme of which was continued in Sergio Corbucci's next film Companeros (another very good 'Spaghetti Western').
Kathleen Turner plays the part of Serial Mom with great gusto and presence. This black comedy is a satire on American suburbia and holds your interest throughout. "Momism" is carried to the ultimate extreme - tangle with Beverly Sutphin and your risking your life! If you don't reform, then prepare to be Terminated! If you like such movies as "Mars Attacks!" then you'll surely enjoy this one.
Another non sense film with a very weak plot and an old Steve McQueen, which acting was just acceptable. The film as such shows a violent hunter who is not really doing his hunting for justice. It is boring in general and no message no morale as such in the film. Simply another waste. Good to see again the former Kunta Kinte (LeVar Burton)of the series "Roots".
I just love this movie because of one character : Lady Une, former OZ soldier and now the leader of The Preventers. She is the only reason I like the gundam series and all thank to the voice of actress, Enuka Okuma. But I just hope lady une some would remember this character in the future ,so heres to Lady Une: We will never forget you!
In my opinion this has to be one of the best anime movies ever. Many loose ends left over from the Gundam Wing series are tied up within this great ending. Characters' backgrounds are explored a little more and new light is shed on the original Operation Meteor. Amazing animation, delicious bishies, awesome mecha fights...what more could you want?! An absolute MUST-SEE for any Gundam Wing fan!!!
It's not hard to see why Tom Clancy doesn't give his approval to the movie that are based on his books. There isn't a single plot line in the book that the movie doesn't butcher. The cast is good, and if the movie had actually followed the book, the movie could have been great. I hate to criticize Harrison Ford movies, but this one disappointed me.
Aging star Joan Crawford took to stretching the years later in her career and this is a prime example. She's lounging around the house in mink lined see through nighties and spewing venom at everyone. A typical star vehicle, the flick itself is a bore but we love Joan best when she is playing supreme bitch and in this pot boiler she plays it to the hilt.
I have recently been seeking a video or DVD as i still clearly remember seeing this film in 1972 in Sydney Australia. A superb movie provided by a genius of composing each frame. The series of strange characters that weaved in and out of the film. It is shortly being released on DVD in Australia and is a must see provided you are open to strange proceedings
After about five minutes of this film starting I felt compelled to empty the contents of my stomach onto my designer coffe table. No plot (to speak of). Some of the worst acting I have ever seen. It was all I could do to stop myself from destroying the video tape to prevent anyone else falling into the same trap as I did. Very poor indeed.
What a wonderful, witty comedy this is. I was so glad PBS broadcasted this terrific stage production. Beautifully directed by Jerry Zaks. I loved all the performances, but Jean Smart was especially fabulous as the ridiculous Lorraine Sheldon. The dialogue in this play is so good that even if you don't get an opportunity to see it, you'll get a good chuckle out of reading the script.
I found this film an absolute delight. All of the leads put in outstanding preformances. The romance between Prince Karl(Ramon Novarro) and Kathi(Norma Shearer) is wonderfully presented, and it is truly poignant. I did feel, however, that the film loses momentum, to an extent, twoards the end. The music score on the home video edition is, like most by Carl Davis, a big plus. Well worth seeing.
A truly awful movie. Amazingly bad from the start to the finish. The Invisible Maniac, Sorority House Massacre 2 and Hard to Die are in a sense a trilogy because they all have Melissa Moore, nudity and bad acting. The other two movies are better than this one. Moore's nude in all three, and all of the other actresses look like they came straight off the corner.
I hated the original XTRO but I did recognise there`s something bizarrely unique about it and that it does have a cult following , but there`s nothing unique about this " Sequel " it`s just an ALIENS clone with only Paul Koslo treating the film with the contempt it deserves . In fact it`s not even bad enough to be good which explains this very short review
A good, if not great, cult film starring Peter Weller as the jack-of-all-trades superhero. Great performances by John Lithgow and Jeff Goldblum in supporting roles. Lithgow in particular is good as a scientist driven mad by the eighth dimension. Many quotable lines make this movie a fun one to watch over again. A sequel advertised at the end of the movie evidently never made it into production.
stumbled on this one while watching amc one day. this movie is better than old yeller and thats saying somthing. i related to the relationship of the boy and his father very well and growing my dog at times was my best friend. i highly recommend watching this movie if u get a chance. make sure its the 1940 movie and not the remake with jonny whittaker.
I must have enjoyed it I stayed up until 2 am to watch it. I thought it showed a softer side of VD he should make more films of this kind.I liked the story line and was not too much kick boxing,the young boy (Kieran Culkin) played his part very well I thought. I really enjoyed seeing VD in a movie without so much blood and guts
What can I say about this brilliant TV series? It's simply unforgettable and something to see time and time again. Top-cast actors in a stunning TV-drama, for me it ranks even higher than other classic mini-series such as 'Upstairs-Downstairs' or 'Brideshead Revisited'. The British TV has a great reputation for historical dramas, but I don't think they'll be able to top 'I, Claudius'. 10 out of 10.
this is a tale of pre-aids post stone wall. gay in new york city (early village) this a very important film for many reasons including the 1973 NYC gay pride parade footage, the very ground breaking subject of that time men on men in long term relationships, also for its very butiful gay love seence. A truly butiful movie a decade before its time. thanx sky w.
Jeff Burr is definitely one of the most talented horror directors ever.I really enjoyed his earlier horror films like "The Offspring"(1986)and "Leatherface-Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3"(1990)."Night of the Scarecrow" is amazing!-well-acted,suspenseful and exciting.Great special effects,fine acting and plenty of gruesome death scenes.The gore is well-done and suitably splashy and the villain is really cool!Not as good as "Scarecrows"(1988),but definitely worth checking out.I give it 9 out of 10.
A beautifully acted and produced film about Women's sufferage during the Woodrow Wilson presidency. A great history lesson to all who would take the right to vote for granted. The period was wonderfully portrayed and the cast was excellent. The only flaw I found in the production was the overexuberance of the "sound mixer" regarding the music volume levels during much of the dialogue.
It sucks! Not the film, that's quite good. What sucks is that there hardly exist a single Norwegian who dares to make good films - like the Swedes do. WHEN ARE THEY GOING TO LEARN???! When?` Sprängaren is a good movie, well worth an eight, but it could have been a little more fast-paced, like to book, and then it would have deserved maybe even a niner...
The movie's got it all: great acting, gripping story, exceptional music, drama, pathos, humor, great visuals. Besides illuminating the story of Billie Holiday and showing us early 1900's in America (fairly truthfully for Hollywood), it has Diana Ross, Billie Dee Williams and Richard Pryor. Particularly impressive since it was the acting debut of Diana Ross - what range! Young, old, successful, sick, sober, high, happy and downtrodden.
This is the story of a neurotic anti-drug agent, who has to go on with his job, against his fear and his instincts. Good premises for a situation comedy, good actors - however the overall impression is one of disappointment. Not even the stars in the credits can save the movie from getting deep into incredibility and vulgarity. What a waste for talents like Bullock and Nelson.
Burt Reynolds and Tony Randall in charge of the "apparatus" required to make a pass on a date, with Woody as one of a thousand soldiers make the rest of the movie worth the wait. The more times I see this, the more I also enjoy Gene Wilder's bit as an unusual doctor with an odd sense of compassion. If you like "intelligent-zany" this is for you.
I saw Kat yesterday and it was presented by the instructor who told us about the movie and wished us a "unpleasant" experience. He was right - it was unpleasant. It had no story, yet the actors were OK, they used cheap tricks to scare us, some were unwillingly funny as the computer graphics were plainly horrible. The worst movie I have ever seen in a theater.
Burton and Harrison mince, preen, prance, and flounce about the screen in a horrendous display of bad acting. This movie would set gay rights back a century if it weren't so badly made and badly dated. One must wonder what made it a hit on Broadway at the time. The score is an especially abysmal atrocity by Dudley Moore. All those involved (especially Donen) should be ashamed.
I don't know what went wrong in the making of this film, but it is one of the most unimaginative, preposterous and generally boring films I've seen in recent years. A clear rip-off of the "Alien" series of films, except with lower quality acting. I have no idea how they got big name stars like Curtis, Baldwin, and Sutherland to volunteer for this travesty of a film.
You would think that Project Greenlight would bring in talent that at the very least is different than the crap we already see. This movie represents the lack of imagination and ability to tell the same old coming of age story in a different way. The goofy kid comes of age without really experiencing a dam thing. It wasn't funny; it wasn't inspiring, it wasn't worth seeing.
This film is pretty typical of the WW II spy genre. Performances are okay but nothing special. Most of the story takes place in Canada, where the RCMP are responsible for catching enemy agents. The entire scenario is very easy to figure out so there are no real surprises as the various characters show their true loyalties. The ending is neatly wrapped up in a satisfying manner.
Awfully familiar thriller stuff that takes longer to play out than it should and ends with a particularly overdone, overextended climax. The performances are generally good and there are a few bits of imaginative camerawork, but the familiarity of the material proves to be overwhelming. The film has no personality, and most of the scenes seem to be just copies of similar events in other thrillers. (*1/2)
I just saw the uncut softcore version, from 1974 of this "recommended" horror movie and was amazed how miserable it was. The acting was bad, the english dubbing was the worst I have seen, the gore was unrealistic, and the plot was stupid. The film was just boring from start to end. If something should be called "Euro-trash" this must be it. Barely for Franco-fans.
Unfortunately this is probably the worst movie that I have ever seen. It does not hold the viewers interest and is boring to the extreme. Acting poor, Sets, terrible. Obviously a low cost budget movie, which should have done every-one a favour and stayed in 1978 where it belongs - Old and unwanted. Sorry - but I doubt if even Bill Collins would have endured this one.
Utter tripe, but worth viewing for: 1) The fight scene between the Russian officer and Strike Commando near the end - particularly the head clash after running at each other head on from 20 ft. 2) The Russian officer managing to utter his final word: "Amerikanskiiiii!!!" despite having already have had his head blown off by a grenade rammed in his mouth! See it!
The way a man's life is played around with on screen is just stupid, this poorly made fabrication of what Kevin did and did not do was not approved by Kevin, and anyone with a familarity with hacking knows that this is a movie that you should avoid. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME, GO RENT WARGAMES. It's fiction but it's still more factual than this waste of film.
This was the worst adaption of Hamlet I have ever seen. Ehtan Hawke's pseudo-intellectual persona is tired. During some scenes, it appeared that he was reading off of cue cards. Tim Conway would have made a more believable Hamlet. This attempt to put a contemporary spin on a classic was presumptuous and poorly implemented. The Kenneth Brannaugh version is much more worthy of your time.
You'd have to be pretty stoned to enjoy the Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat. Besides the dreadful animation, the non-stories and the incredibly dated dialogue, the (arguably?) racist depictions of African Americans are incredibly offensive. The only bright spot is the psychedelic trip sequence which may have inspired the similar segment in Beavis and Butthead Do America. Watch it at your own risk---you'll feel dirty afterwards.
Average romance comedy that had bad screenplay and script.Hepburn and Tracy gave great performances though and carried the whole movie on their shoulders.The directing was almost below average as well.The best part of the movie was only the last 10 minutes.Very slow start which will really test how much you love Golf or these lead stars.Only for big fans of the famous Spencer Tracy/Katherine Hepburn love team.......
I was blown away by Straw Weisman's Man of the Year!! This is truly an ingenious film with strong characters and great acting performances. It is very interesting and holds your attention throughout the film with a unique and creative style. The film has a very impressive editing technique that really helps to define the feel of the picture. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone!
A film about a woman losing her son and her boyfriend. OK. I don't mind a little sentimentality and art-movies. I also like good drama movies f.ex. Midnight cowboy, The last picture show and Peggy Sue got married. This film, however, centers around a woman feeling very for herself. And that is definitaly not entertaining on ANY level. It is just plain boring. 1 out of 10.
Perhaps in the 70's this movie had some appeal, but I cannot think of any good reason anyone would want to watch it now. With thousands of other rentals available this should be your last choice. I wish I could get the two hours I spent watching this movie back. If you have any respect for quality films, please take my advice and pass this one up.
The first 15 minutes were good, but the usually low budget, too much dioluge, and sappy made for TV quality. I watched 2 showa and the ending I could not stand the boredom this film produces. Who would have gussed in 87 that the Cold War would be over in 2 years. I guess when they open a Mc Donalds in Moscow the signs where there! 3/10
Who ever messed with these classics should have a stick of Acme Mfg. Co. Dyno-mite stuck up their er um, you know what I mean. They actually messed with the violent nature of this film by putting in politically correct unviolent scenes!! Bugs shoots a tin can full of "corks"? In the original he shoots Sam in the face! Corks? Don't waste your time!
Potentially interesting story of go-ahead newspaperman Robinson and gangster Arnold as co-owners of groundbreaking tabloid newspaper, wrecked by reducing almost everything to melodrama. Despite the shadowy George Barnes cinematography and great performances by leads and supporting cast, the glossy MGM house style takes the sort of ripped-from-headlines story that director Leroy used to do at Warner Brothers -- often starring Robinson -- and reduces it to mush.
Yes, I saw this on Mystery Science Theatre, and it was very, very bad, but that guy's shirt made me laugh for at least 10 minutes straight. (They wisely did not comment on it, and just laughed at him too). I would say that is enough to give it a 2 instead of a 1, and besides it wasn't as bad as "Overdrawn at the Memory Bank."
I've previously commented that I find Figgis to be one of the most interesting directors around. He has his hits and misses, but he's willing to experiment and do something different. This is no exception. Burrows may have been his bird, but she's excellent in this. And you can always rely upon Mullan to excel. You're aware of the theatrical origins, but the performances override that.
Easily one of the most misguided projects in film history by virtue of its dogged determination to site the camera itself as the first person narrator point of view. How could the producers have sat through dailies and not realized the "concept" did not work. In fact, hardly a scene goes by that is not unintentionally funny. Demonstrates conclusively the absurdity of first person p.o.v. in film.
This film is the first and the worst one of Kitano's films. The violence in the scenes are not justified, and the story is very poor. It is certainly because, Kitano did not write the scenario. According to me, seeing this film is total waste of time, but if you are a fan of Kitano, you should see this film because Kitano is a good actor.
Sweet Helen Hunt is better for bland Andrew McCarthy than sexy-but-bitchy and thoughtless Kelly Preston, but it takes him the entire movie to figure that out. This painfully predictable comedy tries to delay the inevitable by coming up with a series of forced scenes and situations, and it's also visually dreary, despite the potentially majestic locations. I think Hunt is the best thing in the picture. (*1/2)
the most pathetic, embarrasing and overrated director in DK. People do not dare to say anything else about Dreyers films than "they are SOOOO FANTASTIC". It is so called "Directed good taste", and I loathe it!!!! Wake up - and see what it is! It is not about faith, it is about delution.So many directors have made far better films about faith, and they are not pathetic!!!!
....or "dreary thriller", maybe. You see, this flick begins like a low-key drama (some scenes, like Dillon's meeting with Buscemi, have a documentary-like feel that reminded me, believe or not, of Andy Warhol), then turns into a straight slasher thriller. Uma Thurman makes a promising acting debut, however - and am I wrong to believe that Dillon is Matt's identical twin? (He even acts like him). (*1/2)
Absolutely nothing says, "I'm your BEST friend.", like sleeping with said friend's estranged husband. It's a scary feeling knowing that this movie is being beamed out via satellite and other civilizations may honestly think that we're the imbeciles that most Lifetime movies portray us to be. I have to go, my best friend's husband is here to pick me up for our romantic weekend in Bali.
Simply put, this movie is awful! IT has nothing to do at all with the first movie, and lacks a plot- and a heartbeat for that matter. The first Pet Sematary is truly a classic and Stephen King would let Gage Saw his achilles' tendon (as he did to Jud) if he saw this god-awful sequel. SKIP IT!! 3/10 (riding on a good effort by Furlong)
This movie is so bad, one wonders why it was picked for dubbing and video release. Check out: the papier mache heads, bad African makeup, the fire breathing exotic dancer, and a '70's look that was probably dated when this film was released. Please don't anyone restore this, just sit back and watch in a different kind of terror. I exorcize a 1 from this dead trash.
This film is utterly terrible on all fronts, and it is remarkable that it was made at all being as unfunny as it is. This is clearly an attempt to be a slapstick film in the mode of Airplane. There's a difference - Airplane was original and funny, and had talented actors in it. At least Tia Carrere was nice to look at as usual.
When I saw this movie I could not believe that it could be such a bad movie. After seeing the first movie of the director, a very interesting movie,I expected a better movie. I think the story is unbelievable and the movie is made only for the two main characters. I can not say anything good about the movie then I am going to finish my comment
Um...well...it has a big Godzilla wannabe thing in it (Couldn't you just watch Godzilla?) Ok, fair question...well, it has rocketpacks (Ahem, THE ROCKETEER had better special effects?) ok, but...it has some laugh value for how bad it is (Couldn't you just watch Shrunken Heads so you can claim to have seen the worst ever?) Well yeah, I guess you could. Sorry, no reason to see this.
We couldn't tell if this movie was designed for little kids or kids and undemanding adults. It was a mess for sure. Kiddie plot, grainy and cheap production values and a lot of very bad overacting. Daphne Zuniga and Jack Wagner actually looked embarrassed to be there. Even for PAX-TV this was a low-brow entry. It looked more like a Disney Channel Saturday morning show.
Christopher Walken: what was he doing in this movie? What was he saying? The only thing this movie succeeded in, besides making me lose faith in Anson "Potsie" Williams filmmaking career, was making me feel sleazy. Everybody in this movie looked too cleancut to be involved with all that sex and I don't think there was a "Blue Velvet" double meaning of looking beneath the surface either.
I am a firm believer in watching an entire movie before you render an opinion. I almost had to break my own rule while watching this atrocity. I don't know what the point of this movie was, other than to make sure Williamson had one more rogue cop, one man army, thumb your nose at whitey, movie under his belt. Final summation: avoid this like the plague!
The quintessential eco-drama of civilization, so-called, in conflict with cultures more attuned to nature. Compare to Greystoke: the Legend of Tarzan. My favorite quote from this film is the native chief explaining the limitations on his powers to the father of the long-lost boy: "Any chief who doesn't tell his followers what they want to hear doesn't stay chief very long." Do see this beautiful and poignant movie.
Another memorable horror movie straight from master Stuart Gordon.The characters are cool,the acting is really good.Features a nice amount of blood and torture and a little bit of nudity.I love especially the sequence when one guy is cut in half by a huge pendulum.Great music score too and Rona de Ricci,who plays Maria is a beautiful woman.To sum up,this film is not scary at all,but absolutely worth watching.
Genuinely one of the best and most original Pilot movies in recent years. Tony Shalhoub is a fabulous actor but in the charactor of Adrian Monk he has truly outdone himself, making Adrian come to life before our eyes. I can't say enough good things about this pilot movie, (or about the TV series which followed). See it and fall in love with Adrian's world. I did. enjoy!!
I saw this in Pittsburgh PA in a small theater there. This movie was a lot of fun with tons of B movie stars and references. A total blast from start to finish with everything you'd expect from a low budget movie. Brinke Stevens, Robert Z'Dar, Edwin Neal, and Tom Savini are especially good. This is by far the most fun I've had at the movies in years!
I can't understand why people attack this movie. The acting was fine. The SFX and directing are obviously not going to be as great as the original because there is no Spielburg. The shark in my opinion looked good enough. Too many people watched this movie expecting it to by like Jaws (1975). If you lower your standards, this movie is very entertaining. 3 out of 5 stars.
I'm always in for a movie classic like this. Dustin Hoffmann one of the greatest actors ever (even if "Rain Man" was his last truly great film) shines in this biopic about controversial comedian Lenny Bruce. I don't really know why they shot it in black and white but after a while it didn't bother me anymore. If you liked "Man On The Moon" go and see "Lenny".
This film is the best norwegian film ever made!! It is impossible to get tired of watching this film... I've seen it many times and it's only getting better every time.. But you have to be a Norwegian or understand the Norwegian language to fully enjoy this masterpiece.. This film took five years to make and was finished in 1975.. and it's been translated into 13 languages..
The movie was a typical TV movie of the week. The actors did well with the script they had to work with but they really didn't have much to work with. I wouldn't rate the movie as high as I do if Chad Allen didn't look so cute in it. All in all I'd say it was a pretty average to slightly above average made for TV movie.
Kitano at his best, the images are amazing, especially the scenes on the beach. Underneath his harshness Kitano is a poet of human feelings and a world we have forgot. The first 20 minutes are the wildest I can remember in the last 10 years of Cinema. If you understand something, look again 'cause you have not! Salute one of the best directors of the last 50 years.
Of the many Beat Takeshi portrayals of ice-cold men facing death (usually a gun pointed at him), this film has the most impressive (to me). It is the scene when the Okinawa mission goes wrong: the yakuza group from Tokyo is attacked by assassins in a restaurant. The two groups stand up, and go on firing without ducking or hiding until one group (the assassins) has 100% casualties.
A typical German movie with a bunch of untalented actors that sure never studied how to play in a movie, but learned everything on theatre stages. But there is a difference between movie and theatre. I wished German actors finally learned about that. I can hardly believe this is based on a true story, but if they say so it must be true. Rating: 2 / 10
Well, I thought this was quite good. As a rule, TV mini-series can be pretty hit-and-miss, but I was pleasantly surprised by this one. A good pre-Friends performance from Courteney Cox, who proves that she can act and a brilliant cast on the whole. Isn't Barry Bostwick just dreamy?? Anyway, if you want to see one book adaptation, then see this one! Go on! See it!
OK so it didn't top No Holds Barred, but it was still fun to watch. The Hulkster plays Shep Ramsey, an outer space warrior who is forced to vacation on Earth. Christopher Lloyd supplies all the laughs as a stressed out business man, but his life really turns upside down when Ramsey rents out the apartment his wife offered. Not Hulks best, but not his worst either.
Who can forget such characters as Smirnoff, Sour Ass, or Dildo Saggins. There are a few slow points in the film, but that is not enough to disregard it. Misty Mundae is definitely one of the cuter girls that I have seen in a long time(she reminds me of Willow from "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"). Still a good, seven star, movie. Lions, Gorilla's and Spokes' Models Oh My!!.
This was a great British film that deserves a good pat on the back. Not only did the film put together such a wonderfully presented cast that went together so realistically, so precise(including the sexy Joseph Fiennes), but it was a fantastic film with an original and laughable plot (which is better than seeing the same story over and over again). A great film that I enjoyed immensely.
if you are tired of watching Hollywood movies which are pretty much always the same thing over and over then you should try this, it's a very unique story... maybe will be hard to understand because of the differences from the Asian culture, but I believe even for them this movie was unique... I don't even want to tell you the story, just watch it yourself, very entertaining.
Just like in " Romeo and Juliet " Olivia Hussey takes place in front of us. She makes all the difference. An extraordinary actress with a very special beauty takes this classical movie and place it very, very high... The music, the scenery- and the acting... It all ends up in this beautiful movie. Sadness. Frustration and a lot of love. You got to love it...
Arnold Schwarzenegger stars as a Dutch the leader of a commando unit who must take on a sneaky kill crazy creature who skins his prey and uses their skulls as trophies in this bloody yet well made monster movie which starts of slow but becomes so engrossing and suspenseful you feel drained near the end. Good special effects and a sense of style add to the fun factor.
This one of my favorite movies. My kid hates it. but i love it. Movie Mason (Mickey Rooney) knows every thing about movies. It is a must see movie. It is scary and funny at the same time. 5 out out of 5 stars! Only on Disney. There is a man who is going around making bad stuff happen. That is all i am going to tell you.
I think "Life Size" is a great movie. It's too bad that it is just a TV Movie and will not have copies of it sold in stores. I never would have known that Tyra Banks was such a great actress. She was excellent for the part of Eve. It's a great family movie and I hope that they decide to release a video of it in stores.
The story is loosely based on Robert L. Scott's autobiography. The picture made towards the end of World War II is a fairly typical war time film. The story does give some accurate details on the Flying Tigers and there total dominance over the numerically superior Japanese forces. Colonel Scott was a legitimate ace during the war and his story is worth watching. I rated this a 7.
Well, it is a Steve Martin movie so of course you will laugh!! There are some very funny parts to this movie. It does, however, have a tendency to stop on a dime and go the other way - From humor to serious relationship discussions. But, ultimately, a Steve Martin/Goldie Hawn combination...with a touch of John Cleese...add to a fun movie that will make you laugh out loud!
This was a nice sequel to Halloweentown. The plot was engaging. The acting was just as good as the first one. The villain was amusing, yet not sugar-coated. The character development from the first one to the sequel was VERY well done. No being a big fan of TV movie sequels I was pleasantly surprised. Bottom line... if you liked Halloweentown... you like Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge.
A reasonable religious movie not billed as such. When I saw this movie at Blockbuster, it seemed to be a reasonable light family type movie. Instead it is a nearly 2 hour informercial for LDS/Mormons. I have nothing against LDS, but did not want to nor was interested in being proselytized to. Unfortunate that Disney could not have been more forthcoming about what this movie is really about.
I really enjoyed the movie, it was great and touching. My friend says the book was 10 times better, that's why I can't wait to read it, cause the movie was GRREAT!!!!! I love Missionaries and what they do for the world. I'm so happy things like this about my church are being shown to others. I know whether you're Mormon or not you will enjoy the movie.
Peter Weir shows how a good film can be made from a solid script and very little money. A student of anthropology attempts to understand aboriginal tribes, but is completely baffled by the cultural chasm that separates her post-graduate sensibilities from the working-class plumber who is sent to work on her apartment. Is he malicious or misunderstood? The script is delightfully ambiguous. A little low-budget gem.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However, the little slave girl, Alice and Jared Harris imitating Christopher Walken is what makes this movie entertaining. Alice's smoking, drinking and uncanny way of showing up when her name is called is strange and interesting. I have to applaud Jared for his Christopher Walken imitation, and Christopher Walken for allowing this to be in the movie.
An incredible example of the state of animation! I would guess that within 5 years we will not be able to actually tell what is real or what is animation. I liked that in the beginning that they did not have the characters speaking so you could have that opportunity to just appreciate the animation. Fun story~ Aladar is a great new addition to Disney's favorite characters!
"French Cancan" is one of my favorite all time movies. It's an excellent film. There's color, there's humor, there's music. It's a very good portrait of the so called Belle Époque, though Jean Renoir's priorities were always to show a creation, a fantasie. So the film isn't a historical movie. The final sequences in which the girls dance cancan are unforgettable images. It's a film you shouldn't miss.
Not a great film, but worth seeing for the budding romance between Penn and McGovern. They make a very credible couple. I expected more chemistry between Penn and Cage, they are both, after all, Fast Times alums! But the script doesn't give them a lot together. Mainly watchable for a pleasant afternoon watching Penn do a nice guy role for one of the few times in his career.
You could do worse for Bad Movie Night. The great fun is catching all the swipes it takes at Emmerich and Devlin. First there's the huge saucer that sits atop a building; then there's the pseudo-Godzilla monster the aliens create (with a funny-looking jaw that reminds one of the Emmerich-Devlin Godzilla). But of course it hasn't a chance against the real thing. Tons o' fun.
Admittedly I used to like this film.... Kill me. I was 9 though. I just found in my collection of old videos and tried to rekindle that something. Rekindle what? It's cheap and not cheerful. The whole things blows and makes the idea of wallowing in your faeces a good idea. Please don't watch this, for I fear of insanity. ps.: anyone want to buy a copy?
Alright, this film wasn't the best in the world. In fact, it probably ranks in the bottom half. Most of the film wasn't very good or inspiring but the bit that caught my eye was the sequence near the end were Wind and Fung were battling it out in the rain. That was probably the best bit. Some good Hong-Kong Wire works but no Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon.
Great screenplay, acting and settings combine to make a dynamite film. The constant tension between the police investigation and Pacino's love interest keep the suspense going strong, and the chemistry between Barkin and Pacino is fabulous. John Goodman is excellent as always, the sex/death themes add to the tension, and the ending will throw most for a loop... this film delivers. Try it, you'll like it. 8/10
Although there are a couple of scenes that drag on too long and some special effect errors, this film is yet another Fellini classic. I would say that this film is almost as good, but not as good as 8 1/2. You will laugh harder than you ever have before at a Fellini movie. The scene at the doctor's house will have you rolling on the floor.
Yes. this film distorts history. And misrepresents one of the great leaders of WWII: the G'mo as the Americans called him. But, the imagery is extremely powerful. And so is all the acting. Especially the actor playing the father and all three of the daughters. Keep the truth in mind (for example, Chiang did not capitulate at Xian when he was kidnapped) and enjoy this wonderful film.
This movie has to rank as one of my all-time favorites. I would rank it right there with Blazing Saddles and the original Airplane. And it REMAINS funny. I have probably seen it 30 times and still laugh. So many memorable lines. And the stupidity of Harry and Lloyd knows no bounds. Even halfway through the movie, they still do things even stupider than you could possibly expect.
OK, I had to buy this one for $8 Canadian from Chapters, as I'm a huge fan of Wambaugh's book. This film is so bad it's almost good. A reasonably talented cast completely wasted, in its' own way it's worse than the film adaptation of "Catch 22". The supposedly funny scenes are ruined by poor direction, the sets are incredibly cheap and the "uproarious" ending is a travesty.
While I really liked both plot and storyline, the satire mixed with random acts of violence makes it almost sort of dirty watching it and makes you sort of say, "actually that was sort of funny". Any which way though, I gave this movie a favorable rating. Someday we'll see in lights: George Orwell, Kurt Vonnegut, and whatever twisted writer wrote this movie, cause it was pretty good.
Bogey is superb as a crusading D.A. matching wits and organizations with evil crime lord Everett Sloane (in a chillingly believable performance). Many terrific character actors on both sides of the law lend support. And the film does not play softball with the manner in which women inevitably are the victim's of men's violence. Well worth watching, this makes an excellent companion piece to "Knock On Any Door."
The director and producers of the movie used symbolism to truly make a statement beyond just the obvious. The movie begs you to come and see it again because of the truth that it shows. The casting was well done, and the scenes, especially that after the death of his grandfather, brought even the hardest audience member to an emotional breaking point. Amanda Leigh Brozana, Wilkes University
I just finished watching this film and it is beyond words. I am a devout Lynch lover and bought this film the other night, willing to give it a shot. It swept me off of my feet and left me in tears. It's so moving and almost gives you a hope for humanity. This movie will appeal to anyone who does not have a heart made of stone.
I gave this 8/10 Well acted, great scenes, great sets, excellent supporting characters (especially Misha), very believable behaviors, everybody is starving, the Germans are brutally bad people (mostly) and Robin Williams is wonderful. But there's something wrong somewhere, and I can't put my finger on it. The film was too light. This topic was very dark and gloomy. But somehow it came over as light entertainment!
What a total surprise. One sunny Afternoon, my associate and I wander into a dark little cinema in Cannes to see a little pubicised film. From the moment the the turquoise beads on the bead curtain parted, and the rich tones of a Brazilian voice, spoke, we were mesmerised. An incredible mix of doom, dispair and triumph in abject failure and disaster. MUST BE SEEN!!!
What a waste of talent and cinematography. I saw the DVD version and the photography and setting was great; very crisp and rich. The casting was fine and the script was a proven one. Must have been really bad direction?? Car chases were fine, but I especially enjoyed the one in the Christmas tree lot! I thought it also kind of totally fell apart in the last 1/3
I swear I love Norm Macdonald I think he is a great comedic talent. Right up there with Denis Leary,but this movie (I will not call it a Film) was horrible. This was one of those movies like "Joe Dirt" where they had maybe one or two funny ideas and they built a whole movie around it. I really hope his next effort will be more thought out.
Though it bothers some people, I think the best part of this movie is how it occasionally looks like a stage play. Whenever two people are talking on the phone, for example, they are rather obviously standing right next to each other with a wall in between them. Also, the colors have a slightly washed out look that makes the movie look much older than it really is.
The sense of sensing identity unifies these people by means of there (organic) five senses. They smell, see, hear, taste and touch each other by means of their sixth sense:they discover it by theirselves and by each other by means of the same senses. There are many more senses... But it is beautiful to see a film which show so many senses only by showing five of them.
This movie is one of the better comedies I have seen over the last few years. The comedy duo of Wilder and Pryor are one of the best we have seen in movies. They have such great comic chemistry. This is the best prison comedy ever in my opinion if that is saying much. I highly recommend renting this movie or at least catching it on the tube.
Cowboy Bebop rocks it. Especially the last episode. After seeing SPOILER Spike fall and the credits roll, not only was I sad that the good guys suffered, but that it was over. Believe me, by the first few episodes I was hooked. I've read all the books and god, this is anime at it's best. The soundtrack is also one of the best I've ever heard.
This is my all time favorite movie. I am never disappointed in the acting, the writing (from the brilliant Tom Wolfe novel), or technology. The film is basically historically accurate, with some interesting interpretive film making involving John Glenn and his first flight and other tidbits. If I happen across this film on a movie channel, from whatever point it is at, I watch it until the end.
Hav Plenty is immediately engaging and funny. Without the marketing power of a major distributor, and lacking a catchy name (Hav is short for Havolin, and Plenty is the last name of the main character)this film must be recommended through the backyard fence network. The dialog is smart and REAL, and the acting is superb. Lost in a sea of movies, this one is worth the search.
This is one of the best films that i have ever watched. it has a very strong storyline, with scenes of action and plenty of drama throughout. A film that had such a wide variety of genre, action, drama, thriller, romance. although there is romantic reference, there is not too much of it, and only refers to it I feel to strengthen the plot itself. A must-see film!
just secreted a copy of this from ebay (ka-ching) and the direction, heck, the everything, about this production of this american classic is (insert emphatic swear word here) divine...this is the only version i've seen that holds the humor, the madness, the horrifying irony involved in this story...it is just perfect!...Dennehy Rocks (duh!); Franz Rocks: the whole thing is just WOW!!! so good, man...beauty, art, life--showtime? believe it!!!
Great surprise from Peter Jackson on the Fellowship of the Ring Extended DVD. Jack Black hands over the One Ring at the Council of Elrond. Problem? He got drunk with some mates the night before and got is...put somewhere personal. Spliced together with the scene from the film, this is a great little treat for people who hate -- or love -- The Lord of the Rings.
Beautiful acting and directing. Very well written script. One woman and three men. Human Relationship at its best. One woman can change everything wrong in life... Restaurant ( Food ) is the most important thing beside woman. It is better to feel than to think and be creative... Thanks and Regards. Sam Rupani Houston, Texas, U.S.A.
Many claim this movie as one of the best of 1990s Bollywood for its family values. Its family values are only true to a point. It hails Indian values, and makes a not so subtle statement that America is the home of debauchers and drunkards. It insinuates that wayward immigrants to America have to be "redeemed" by Indian virtue. It was so comically bad, hence, the 3 rating.
yeah it's horrible but considering who made it and the time it was made, it was the funniest animated film that I ever saw(the frigging orcs singing!!hahahaha!,the dream sequence of the hobbits where the orcs waved at them!hahahaha!) and I don't even think that was it's main purpose. For the story I gave it a zero rating but from a comedic standpoint it gets 10 out of 10!
I don't know if it was the script...or the directing...or the behind the scenes things that the Hollywood Producers did that we don't know about...but I didn't like this film...mainly because I didn't believe it...I didn't believe one minute of this film...everything seemed fake. Project Greenlight has now used 2 scripts that people don't want to see...There wasn't one scene in Shaker heights that rang true to me...
More resemblant of a '70s TV cop show, this revenge flick from Dorothy Ann Puzo [and this is her only attempt at celluloid, praise God] is truly wretched. The always-excellent Brad Davis stars as a cop out to avenge his father's murder [at the hands of Jonathan Banks]; femme-almost-fatale Sharon Stone is the only other reason to watch this. 0 of 4 NiroStars
I swear I love Norm Macdonald I think he is a great comedic talent. Right up there with Denis Leary,but this movie (I will not call it a Film) was horrible. This was one of those movies like "Joe Dirt" where they had maybe one or two funny ideas and they built a whole movie around it. I really hope his next effort will be more thought out.
This Movie Sucks. It's just like the Sixth Sense only it sucked.I didn't think it was possible for a movie to be that bad. They shouldn't have ever even made the film let alone release it on video. No offense but the few films I've ever seen Nichole Kidman in have been awful. If she did Panic Room like she was supposed to I wouldn't have seen it.
Can you say bad acting, ludicrous plot and silly special effects? I couldn't believe the miss-timed explosions and outrageous filming where the good guys can't miss and the bad guys couldn't hit the side of a huge barn in the final battle scene. Anyway if you want a film to avoid, this one is it. Laughable to the max! 1 out of 10. And I'm being generous.
This is a moronic, illogical film that will dull the senses and dim the mind. Woo seems enthralled by Tom Cruise. It seems that the Cruiser walks everywhere in slow motion the camera lovingly following his every move. In fact there is a lot of slow motion on screen. And loud bangs. And pointless cameos. And an endlessly foolish plot. All in all, a gigantic waste of time.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The whole movie is just kids bummed out because James Dean died. I saw this movie back when it was first aired in theaters, and it is the only theater movie I've seen that was roundly booed by the audience well before the ending. Don't anybody even think of putting this movie in the same genre as American Grafitti.
It has some beautiful landscape shots and really good cinematography but it ends up being dull and sluggish. The best part of the movie contains the bear scenes, which were truly impressive considering that they used a real animal in these scenes. It is a big movie for east European standards. But stays short of an epic, which it had a potential to be. Overall slightly disappointing experience.
It's hard to believe that Karen Black appeared in this terrible, extremely low=budget travesty, when she was already established as a star. Perhaps it was filmed years earlier and released after she became popular. Filmed in Florida, it's pretty torturous to sit through, and is recommended only for Karen fans, since she does look especially attractive, in black eyeliner. Aside from this, there's little else to remark on.
This juvenile production is a dumbed-down version of "The Memphis Belle: A Story of a Flying Fortress". To some it may seem an homage to the original but to this viewer it comes across as a cheap way to cash in on our desire for nostalgia. The aerial scenes are as unconvincing as the cleancut actors. If you want to see how it really was, catch the original.
Unwatchable horror flick about a group of teens who are invited to a wax museum and are viciously attacked by monsters is just as dumb as the other B-horror movies. A wasted cast and an unsatisfying premise are enough to make this movie extremely pretentious. Very typical and totally empty. A movie that's not worth watching and should be avoided like the plague. 0 out of 5
FOR HOPE is a TV movie recounting the slow, slow death of a 40 year old woman. The film offers little other than sharing the experience of an utterly hopeless, and very long, deathwatch. The result is pretty ugly and depressing. The production is well meaning, but as a whole is lacking any entertainment value. The bottom line recommendation is don't waste your time.
If someone offers you the choice between seeing this movie and chewing your own foot off, do yourself a favor...ask for ketchup. The acting is atrocious and the special effects rank right up there with the old Buck Rogers TV show, especially the 'stunt man in a tin can' robots. It's a shame...the plot could've been intriguing. Unfortunately, the film's budget of approximately $2.98 killed a good idea.
The main bulk of the film is right up its own fundament but there are some fantastic shots of a fully nude Kate Winslet which makes this film a must buy... but it is really lousy apart from that. The plot doesn't go anywhere that could even vaguely be described as interesting and I thought it would be a really juicy look at cults. Alas, it was shabby.
My God, could this movie get ANY MORE bleeding heart? Wonderful - a story of illegal aliens who sneak into the US and then complain that they're not getting enough from their illegally held jobs. Argh... Sorry, Ken. It didn't work for me with working class Brits in _Riff Raff_. It's even worse when you try to do the same movie again in the US.
This is a low-budget film based on poor directing, dumb script and unbelievable story line (after 9/11, but even before that, it is more clear who would blow up a US embassy). Acting is another story - no wonder that the cast has to resort to such projects. If I would have to see this film one more time, I would have to ask for a total anaesthesia.
Last weekend, I rented Enemy of my Enemy. It had a big image of Tom Berenger on the cover. Tom Berenger should be ashamed to do a picture like this. This movie is a relic from the 80's, when there were thousands of 'cold war' movies. The script is so thin it's remarkable. Poor acting, lousy script. One of the worst movies I've ever paid money to see.
This movie really sucked. And I even like Andrew Dice Clay. Some other comments deplored his misogyny, but you have to understand that that is Clay's shtick. Clay was one of a long line of shock comics. Having said all that, this film was awful. The lead-up to the concert was not remotely funny, and the concert itself just wasn't funny (and I know Clay can be funny).
All-too-typical erotic thriller that doesn't generate much heat or suspense. The plot (complete with minor "twists") is, most of the time, devoid of interest, and the sex scenes, although frequent, don't last too long (OK, I probably didn't see the unrated version). Andrew Stevens is not a dislikable actor, he's actually pretty competent - but that Tanya Roberts proves again (after "Inner Sanctum") that she's remarkably untalented. (*1/2)
This is one of the worst movies I think I've ever seen in my life. Who on earth spent money on this piece of junk. Whoever they are I am sure they are regretting it. I am not a Pauly Shore basher, I really liked Son In Law, but this movie is worthless. Do not see it, I'd say burn it and put it out of its misery.
This is the worst film I've seen Peter Sellers in. The opening is pure budget and the overlong scene stretches till it gets boringly ridiculous. And those British "oh God how embarrassing!"-jokes just annoyed me. Overacting is not good comedy and most of the time the movie is not funny at all. Artistic value zero. A memorable two, three scenes saves this picture from a 1-rating. 3/10
I saw it the day it opened. The print was dirty, scratched, noisy and had numerous dropouts in the audio. Every scene change was preceded by either a dropout or a burst of static. I honestly believe that we got a pre-release work print rather than a finished product. The audio problems were so distracting that the movie lost most of its impact. Lawrence of Arabia it isn't.
Of all the crummy movies I've seen, this poor man's version of 'Brief Encounter' would have to be one of the worst. It's even worse than the Richard Burton/Sophia Loren version of 'Brief Encounter' and that was an abomination. Although 'Roses' was pretty to look at, it had no substance whatsover and the main characters - Ann Jillian and Lee Horsley - were an unconvincing pair of dills.
Superior to the first two movies, anyway. The film maintains a good deal of tension for the first half. Then it all falls to pieces. I think the writers gave up & just decided to make it up as they went along. The thing between the two half brothers was pathetic & ruined an otherwise average movie. Oh yeah, by the way I'm the son of Satan.
I went to the video store expecting great things from what I've heard. I don't have to have a totally action packed movie in order to enjoy it, but wow... this movie is a pretty honest account of something like what many people go through, but still... geez. I get enough of the same old stuff in real life. I gave Dancer Texas a 4 out of 10.
If you enjoy elderly men and women playing teen aged children, by all means, watch this silly piece of Hollywood. John Barrymore as Mercutio. You gotta be kidding me. And pretty boy Leslie Howard, minus Rhett and the gang playing Romeo, oh yes and mz MGM playing Juliet. What a joke. See the real thing, the Zefferelli version, circa 1968. I bet that is what Will Shakespeare intended.
Moderately interesting but maddeningly slow and ultimately sleep-inducing thriller, set in the desolate highways of rural France. Starts off promisingly enough, but then it takes AGES for anything important to happen. The last 30 minutes are essentially a looooong, silent chase, and we are about 90% sure that the supposed villain is not really the villain. The remaining 10% is not enough to make the chase suspenseful. (*1/2)
This movie was stupid. I mean who thought of Sylvester Stallone and Sharon Stone, together? It's completely annoying and is one of those films that the best part is the credits because the viewer can now breathe a sigh of relief that they made it through the film. Stone's yelps every time there is an explosion is very annoying as well. don't's vote: 3 out of 10
Three escaped convicts seek refuge at the home of a black minster and his family, there the family is humiliated and beaten. When his daughter is violated the family begin to embark on some vengeance. A film which has very little to offer other than racial hatred and some rather disturbing scenes of violence. Like many other films not worthy of its cult banned 'video nasty' status.
"Call Me" is all about Anna (Charbonneau) who is smart enough to be a NYC newspaper columnist but not smart enough to hang up on an obscene phone caller. A lame B-flick which smacks of indieness and amateurish autuersmanship features a mediocre performance by Charbonneau, Strathrain for a heartbeat, Buscemi in a bit part, poor production value, and a hokey script/screenplay. Just more flotsam bobbing on broadcast. (C-)
Pure drivel! It takes a few stiff drinks and the Satellite of Love to sit through this one. It's a '1' alone and an '8' with Mike Nelson and his robot friends. The historical portrayals are god-awful and inaccurate, the dialogue is purile, and the plot is splattered onto the screen in such a way that to attempt to understand what's going on will only make you cry.
the worst "war movie" I have ever seen - the script was corny to say the least and the USA USA chanting made me vomit (maybe Americans love this stuff???) I am glad that I saw this at a friend's house on a 75 cent bootleg DVD bought here in China as it would be shame to have spent $5 to go to see it at the movies!
This movie is so weird, it is almost comical. Better known as Godzilla vs The Smog Monster, this flick tries to take on a different format that resembles a poor man's James Bond movie. Seems to be put together kind of haphazardly, but really pretty interesting. Godzilla battles Hedrah or Hedora, a creature spawned from industrial pollution and rank waste material. Probably the strangest in the Godzilla series.
The promissing cast starts good with nice scenes between the beautiful Lara Flynn-Boyle and Scott Glenn as the sensitive cop. But the story gets so weird: Lots of cheap flashbacks and "mysterious" knifes, glasses and fruits falling on the ground  uuups!  oh, you mean this is suspense? Then watch it. I didn´t enjoy it: 4 out of 10. To less Lara F.B. for to much movie.
Worst Animated Movie Ever. It was a good idea, with good charachters poorly executed. Charachters had absolutely nothing to do. The 7 female "dwarfs" was an interesting idea, but unfortunately the talent was wasted by a horrendous script. The animation was elementary school quality. The final scenes were probably the worst animated sequence I have ever seen. They looked like early Hannah - Barbera cartoons. Such a waste!
This movie is by far the worst I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong, I love slapstick, I can even confess liking Police Academy. But this? The basic story, some kids join a "Dojo" to become marshall arts masters. Of course they mess up. The director's been following the blueprint on how to make a slapstick comedy. don't see it, never, noway, nohow...please..
"Spy hard" moves in the well-known "Nielsen-comedy-style"(if such thing exists).It is a parody of well known movies.And some of them are good.So far,so good.However such a movie must have something more than this:the parody-scenes should be connected some way to each other or else the movie is nothing but a collage of scenes.And "Spy Hard" belongs in this category. Rating: 2 / 10. (* out of ****).
"Tomorrow Is Forever" is a great movie. I think Claudette Colbert and Orson Welles are great together. And even though Orson Welles rarely played the romantic lead, he's wonderful. I cried during most of the movie the first time I saw it. There are also wonderful performances by George Brent and young Natalie Wood. "Tomorrow Is Forever" is a movie you need to see at least once! It's great!
I saw "The Birdcage" because I'd already seen "La Cage aux Folles." And I thought this one was a great remake, if not better. Robin Williams and Nathan Lane give hilarious performances as the lead couple. I haven't seen "La Cage" in ages, but there were tidbits in "The Birdcage" that I remembered from the original. Of all American remakes of French movies, this is by far my favorite!
If Blues Brothers is in my "top ten", this sequel in in my "last ten"!!! I found the screenplay terrible, trying to remind the scenes of the original movie... resulting in a complete defeat!!! Demential humor must be intelligent too. This seems to be a commercial operation only (like highlander 2!)... just one thing: I cannot comment the last 30 min... because I fell asleep! my rate: 3/10
A group of people gathered on an isolated island filming a mystery movie fall prey to a killer who dispatches of them according to the movies murders. Brief, fast paced thriller with some scares, some good gore, and a clever premise (remind anyone of Scream 2?), doesn't try to pretend it is anything by a mindless slaughter of young people. Rated R; Graphic Violence, Nudity, Sexual Situations, and Profanity.
ANyone who thinks RObert ALtman is a brilliant director should be tied down and forced to watch this piece of garbage! The original story of "O.C. and Stiggs" appeared in National Lampoon, and it was both uproariously funny AND outrageously offensive to both genders, ALL races, and ALL sexual preferences. Robert Altman turned a hilarious story into a tame, lame, wimpy, boring movie with no laughs and NO guts.
I love the first Jaws-film. That is probably the best film ever done and this is the second sequel and I like it, some of the effects it`s very bad but the film is pretty entertainment. The acting is pretty good and the sharks looks great. This time is the biggest shark ever, a real monster. I hope I will see this film with 3D-effects sometime. Rating: 6
I would like two say just some things about this movie. OK, the story isn't its strength, well it could be although it is taken out of the bible, though some of the scenes very really moving, not just because of some superb animations (especially everything covering the presentation of H2O). And then there I want to add why I really liked POE: No talking animals. Thank you.
This game is in a very real sense, very good. You are the Nomad Soul - a disembodied spirit in a hostile world. You must possess the inhabitants and use their bodies in order to free the world of Omnikron from its demonic overlord. During your (third person perspective) adventure, you will encounter 3d fighting sections, 1st person shooting areas, and concerts by David Bowie himself in seedy nightclubs!
A very touching story and should be watched by everybody. The best part of it is you can value a person's love which is very precious and should not be wasted. The moral of the story, don't be too enjoyed with your victory or popularity and you may forget about who you are, originally. Once you are married, try to balance it with your career and your personal life.
i saw this when i was about 5 and i was convinced that gizmo was real. it wasn't untill i was about 10 that i realised he wasn't (that was a very sad day. the effects for the gremlins and gizmo are amazing. this film seems to be on every christmas here so when i watch it it always brings back good memories. its and underrated classic. 8/10
Of all the made for TV Disney movies that came out recently, this is one of the best. Keira Knightley is fine as the daughter of Robin Hood, and Malcolm McDowell is fine as the sheriff of Nottingham. Like all the made for TV movies though, the film is somewhat too flat to make it a real movie, but Keira and crew do it justice. Check it out.
this movie was terrible but in a way that allowed me to see it through to the end. think ed wood. i swear the whole flick was an out of control eye candy piece with little or no substance. the characters were a mess and i really couldn't care less what happened to them, their minds were already deteriorated to the point of no return. pseudo-symbolism at its worst.
"Home Alone 2" clones virtually every aspect of the original,without adding anything new or funny. The plot is basically the same except this time the movie takes place in New York and not in a house. Macaulay Culkin gives a decent performance but he can't save this movie. I suggest that anyone who wants to see this that they go rent the original, you will be much more entertained.
I really like that Aamir Khan. He was mostly the strong, silent hero in Lagaan, but here he's a goofy funny guy. The scene at the opera where he comes to many realizations is spectacular (if a little reminiscent of Moonstruck). I really liked this movie, and I probably would've really loved it if I spoke a word of Hindi (or if it had been subtitled).
I can't believe someone posted about this film being excessive as it is about excess; this movie is simply awful, over-rated and badly directed. Last tango in Paris is excessive, Cronenberg is excessive, even some other Polanski movies are excessive and thought-provoking and -yes!- exciting; but this one has no storyline, no character development, no excitement and terrible acting: you can surely find better ways to waste your time.
A great movie about the prophetic conversion of the Archbishop of El Salvador. The movie details the life of Oscar Romero after being appointed Archbishop. Believed to be the quiet bookworm, a man that wouldn't stir up anything, Romero makes a conversion in order to save his people from the oppressive government. As a result, he is martyred for his beliefs. A great picture to watch and take in.
It would have been interesting to see more about his movie career and non -sex personal life. Nevertheless it was an interesting movie and the cast performed well. Marc Christian was painted in a more favorable light than the press did at the time of Hudson's death and the lawsuit. George Nader, who received most of his estate according to some accounts, was not in the movie at all.
This one is supposed to be a sequel to some "Blood Cult", but as far as direct-to video goes, this one features the usual shots of people wandering endlessly waiting to be killed while others go on about their business, waiting to discover the bodies. There's some inklings of a plot in there and the finale (a black mass) is slightly interesting, but you'll fall asleep long before this.
They showed this incredible movie at TV5 in a "Motorshow". I was paralysed watching it! I could not move my body to reach for VCR ... And the minutes passed away - and Whaooo what a moment! So now I´m looking for the movie on European video or DVD - do you know anything about that? It´s available in US video format, but here I am in Europe...
I just hate this movie. Meryl Streep was awful, Kurt Russell did an unusually poor job, and Cher is not really cut out to be an actress. Bad script does not help any. As with most publicized news stories, anybody who read anything about the story knows how it is going to turn out. The three leads were smoking in basically every scene, generally bad quality. Rating: 1/10
This is an excellent thriller. It's balancing finely between a modest genre psycho thriller and a drama about shrinks, traumas, suicide, guilt and the like. The acting of Vincent Kartheiser steals the show, as his character comes out as real and believable. Don't expect it to ge a 'great movie' though, you will have to endure formulaic elements and shallow psychological insights. Best watched without former knowledge of plot.
This was a labor of love for cagney and it was a big flop. When he played a gangster again in white heat a year later it was a big hit. In the 40's cagney wanted to stay away from the gangster films but most of the films he made did pretty bad. This is one of his best films, up there with smart money and the roaring twenties.
I don't know how many times me and my wife have seen this video, I stopped counting at 25. Really sharp dialogue - sometimes it seems quite improvised, and sometimes it seems carefully planned. One of the favourite scenes is when David (Peter Dalle), after one of many quarrels with Marie (Lena Endre), smashes the TV-set he just bought in the street and then gets arrested by the police.
This is a very good basketball movie, it is set up very well. Even if you dispise sports, (including me) you will love it. I watched it with my daughter one night. We both liked it, although she has seen it more than I have! It is on quite a bit because it is new, you should try it, you will be surprised how well it turned out!! :)
Boris Karloff gives a good performance as General Feredes,one of several people he quarantines on a small island where his wife is buried. Suspense builds as each person is struck-down and the superstition of Feredes begins to grow,fuelled by the malevolent housekeeper. An interesting sub-plot is that one of the victims suffers from catatonic trances,and is mistakenly buried alive. Claustrophobic and atmospheric,guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine.
For a first movie by the young director one can only say "great" even if he were an old hand it would still be a great thriller and one that keeps you on the edge of your seat. I loved the camera work and the ideas in telling the story. Gritty with some fine acting, a very British movie without all the usual gloss and fancy fashions! Highly recommended.
Terrific for those looking for a hidden Altman masterwork. It shares many traits with Altman's best (i.e. _Nashville_, _Short Cuts_, and Three Women_, etc.): strong ensemble acting, overlapping dialogue, quirky sense of humor, lots of serendipity. The political insider's perspective - which we must credit to Trudeau - only adds to the fun. _Tanner_ gains greater richness of character and narrative as it unfolds. Here's hoping Tanner runs again
Baadshah is a comedy about a young and enthusiastic, small time detective, trying to make it big. The comedy is good,and Shah Rukh has given an excellent performance. However the direction is not upto the mark, and that is bad for the movie. Still it is a ShahRukh's movie and he has done ample justice to his role. His fans will definitely like him in the movie.
I am Sam is the best movie since "The Other Sister". Mental capacity does not dictate the ability to love. This is a realistic movie, showing the incredible range of acting ability of Sean Penn. The movie made me laugh, cry, angry at those who think people with disAbilities cannot function... not true! 'Sam' has a heart of gold. This is Sean Penn at his best... a must see!
Race across the country for pink slips. Very quoteable "just a second a minute" or "we don't want the goat anyway". This is a real treat to finally get the REAL THING. I have a copy that I taped off Speedvision long ago but it will be like dying and going to heaven to get the genuine VHS. I'm stoked, buffed out, there are no words to describe it.
The concentration camp survivors interviewed in this documentary broke my heart... hearing the man who saw his best friend eaten by German Shepards... and the gay man who courageously freed his Jewish lover, only to see his lover act even more courageously by choosing to return to his sick family, to die together with them. These stories are real, they are devastating, and they MUST be seen by everyone.
*****************Possible spoiler****************** Intense and sometimes shocking movie about two ignorant men who decide to rage their own private war on women. The sense of 'justice' our main characters employ taught me that two wrongs don't make a right. Be warned; the ending may leave a knot in your stomach, but a lesson on the way not to treat people who have done you no wrong. Brilliant film making.
A total generational look at corporate American thirty-something men in the worst sense. Cruelty is the underlining theme, yet you are laughing through most of the movie at what, unfortunately, can and does happen in the business world. Back stabbing, sexism, betrayal and lies somehow make this a very entertaining movie. (are we sick?!) Most everyone survives at the end of a six week roller coaster ride in treachery.
A 15 year-old schoolgirl is found hanged in a locked apartment in Rome. Further police investigation reveals the apparent suicide to be a murder. Many more deaths lead police closer to the source of a conspiracy to entice young teenage schoolgirls into a prostitution ring in this sordid but well-done giallo. Similar in theme and style to the same director's 1972 "What have they done to Solange?".
(2/10). Let me start by saying that I had low, I mean really low expectations on this movie and it was worse. With the expectations I had I didn't of course pay to see this crap. Now I wouldn't see it ever again unless I got payed at least 10$, maybe even more. A real stinker and why not 1/10, because I've actually seen worse, can you believe it!
Okay so it is a story about a young kid trying to set his father up with someone because daddy has been lonely. Mommy is gone. So where does this boy and his band of innocents turn? Where else, a hooker! Horribly unbalanced, unentertaining, and downright unwatchable. Featuring Melanie Griffith at her whiniest and most annoying yet. Ed Harris' performance was, to put it kindly, forgettable. Avoid this one.
One of my favorite films, Hitchock does his usual great job, and to see at last stage great TALLULAH BANKHEAD in her first and only noteworthy role how can you miss !!! Tallu's lusting after sexy hot hunk, John Hodiak, well its almost X rated, note the way she caresses his pecs!!! William Bendix is great as is Walter Sleazak, as the nazi, one of Hitchcocks best, definitely Tallulah's
This is a great TV movie about a single mother who is dying of cancer. Scott Bairstow is especially convincing as Michael, and he gives the impression of an older brother. Jaime Renee Smith shows herself to be a very mature actress. She lightens up the film, and really makes you get to know her character. If this movie is playing again, I would encourage you to see it!
Miss Shearers portrayal of Marie Antoinette had great depth. She brought humility and a great deal of human frailty to a character who could be viewed as "above common human emotions." The simplicity and beauty of her performance left me breathless and in tears over the death of one of Frances greatest women. Miss Shearer has given us the human side of this sadly remembered Dauphine "Queen of France."
Same old standard Japanese production Godzilla movie that tries to get back to basics with a little bit of newer CGI effects here and there.An ANTI-RADICAL CHANGE for Godzilla movie if you will. Only for big fans of this genre. They could have done much better for this movie. I have seen much better production for the TV Series POWER RANGERS compared to what was presented in this B-Movie......
This movie is a great thriller. The story is really coll and good actors portraying it. It was scary with the kills even though it had slasher movie kills the plot kept you guessing who it was instead of knowing it's some guy from a lake with a hockey mask and no life. Watch the movie and you'll get what I mean when i say "A one man movie".
It has been at least 12 years or more since I last saw Neon Maniacs. I rented it on video when it came out and really enjoyed it. Despite being low-budget, it was actually very good in the gore department. All attempts to rent it again in my area have failed - and in our small town we have 6 video stores! Maybe one day I'll get lucky. ;)
Hodiak is a WWII Marine vet, suffering amnesia and searching for his true identity. He returns to Los Angeles and becomes involved in two million dollars of missing Nazi loot. Look for many familiar faces in small supporting roles. While watching this one, I kept thinking what a great vehicle it would have been for John Ireland...then I checked the IMDB and found that Ireland did the voice-over narration.......Freudian???
Although a bit of weepy, well done, particularly Angela Landsbury's performance. I grew up in Ireland and I was completely convinced that she was an Irish actress for the first half hour before I realized that this was the amazing Ms. Landsbury. This is a heartwarming story of the reconciliation of three generations of women come together because of the terminal illness of the 30yr old grandson.
The kind of incompetent filmmaking that can be enlivened only by a few torture scenes. A completely uninvolving film, with a storyline so muddled that you often don't know Who-IS-Who. I watched the (allegedly) uncut, letterboxed rereleased version, and apart from an unpleasant rack scene, it's not particularly strong stuff. "Mark of the Devil" was a much superior entry in the same "witch-hunting" genre. Watch that one instead! (*1/2)
Preposterous terror movie based on a Bran Stoker (Dracula) short story. A demon tries to conquer the world through a good boy but a "Rambo" priest and a sheriff gets in his way. Incredibly dull and silly, even the violence here is just nonsense and the devil, played by Jackson, sometimes resembles old Gene (Kiss) Simmons or Bozo, The Clown. Escape from this one. I give this a 2(two).
This action packed epic Gundam movie will blow you away. With its great animation,mood setting music,close combat edge of the sit plot line,and thrills around every corner,this movie is not for people with weak stomaches!The first time I saw it I was hooked!It blows Dragonball Z right out of the water!If you like great plots,action ,close combat fighting,stuff exploding, then this movie is for you.(I know I LOVED it!)
Although I didn't identify myself on this movie, I've identified some friends in trouble and, why not? some issues that happens to my marriage. This movie, although extremely realistic and sometimes strong, shows optimism when two persons realize that above the problems, they still love each other and then decide to fix this marriage. The final dialogue (or monologue) of Michelle Pfeifer worths for the rest of the movie....
I remeber my brother playing this nonstop on our Original Nintendo and then we sold it... 5 years later we got it on our computer and I played it for awhile. It is a great game and even better on computer because the computer won't screw up every ten seconds like the original Nintendo did. Who needs good graphics? When you've got non-stop adventure there is no need. 10/10
I really enjoyed this movie - the characters were sophisticated and the relationships complex. I especially enjoyed that this movie treated me as an adult, it did not spoon feed me; rather, the movie left me thinking, so I could reach my own conclusions about the relationships between all four characters. The movie was extremely well done and I look forward to other work by Eric Byler.
This guy is pretty darn funny. He makes a great dog, for instance. And a great John Wayne. And if you've seen Eddie Murphy's Delirious, you have to watch this. This is where Eddie stole must of his jokes, and most of his style, only one slight difference: Richard Pryor came first, and it's still better than anything Eddie has ever done. Go see this one. IT'S A HOOT!
Watched it on TV, started to wonder why others liked the explosions. Just a bad movie all around. They must have a lot of money in Hollywood to go ahead with this movie. I would like to read plots of movies that did not make the cut because they must be really horrible if this movie got made. 'The Postman' was a great action flick next to this.
I was really disappointed that this was rated on IMDb as high as it was. I decided to take a chance on it because of that...and it was a big disappointment. This is a waste of time and film! I could barely make it through it...and was only waiting for the appearance of Brittany Murphy who, delightful as she usually is, couldn't even come close to saving this film.
I've never heard of this comic before and I hate comics in general, but I enjoyed this movie. I think some people are losing it a little with their big wraps of "X-Men" though. It can surely only be described as a good fun movie that's not to be taken very seriously. Still Hugh Jackman was awesome and it managed to entertain me, and that's all I was after.
spoofing horror films is something people think is easy. in truth, it isn't. just being stupid doesn't make something funny. it just makes it stupid. throwing a bunch of naked chicks in the flick only makes me think of some porn i'd rather be watching. this is a bad movie that isn't scary. it isn't funny. heck, it isn't even gory. it is boring. i guess that's something.
This movie is really cool even though there are to much early 90's reminders in it. I just love the scenery and the acting. you want to watch a real swedish gansgta movie rent this one. Liam was the kind of gangster he played in this movie ( he has changed to the better now.. he found god). I really hope they will show his upcoming movies on cinemas.
-- Small Spoiler -- The Miracle Mile helps you remember that a good movie can be one without a happy end. Something Hollywood forgets these days. We need more good movies and less happy ends! The movie itself is a refreshing change from the usual Hollywood crap we get to see these days. If you happen to stumble upon it, take a chance - see it.
I thought this movie was really awesome. It portrays the reality in a really hilarious way. There's great potential in the budding actors. All of them did a great job especially Kal Penn. Its a must-see for all the "Desi" people in America. You won't stop laughing for a single moment. You can even identify with some of the characters. Don't just sit there reading this.... go watch it!!!
If anyone ever asks why Douglas Fairbanks was such a big star, tell them to view this film. His personality "leaps" off the screen and the film is as exciting as it was in 1924. True, some of the "special effects" are a little corny by today's standards, but the film holds up, nevertheless. And to all those who appreciate the male form, Douglas Fairbanks physique is unbelievable!
This documentary was shown, with very little hype, on a week night a few years ago. In it was proof that Richard Pearse flew a plane before the Wright brothers, among others. And we believed it for a day . Until we found out it was a hoax. Peter Jackson had conned the whole country. Perhaps it was too good to be true. But We liked to believe it.
Bought my own copy. A film in the old style with many faults, but for someone who enjoys flying fliks, especially World War One aviation, it is great. Dialogue is terrible, the acting bad, plot predictable, but it has airplanes and derring-do in the air. All the "Dawn Patrol" cliches are there. Good fun and well worth seeing...if you like this sort of thing. I do. cheers, Boom
It's hard to put into words just how bad the acting is in this movie. I won't even get into the ridiculous psuedo plot because I can't get past the acting. I've seen more talent in a play put on by kindergarteners and cats. Watch this film if you've been really bad and your priest is not available for confession. This is good for about a thousand Hail Marys.
Life can be tough when you are a resurrected French vampire maiden. Especially so when you crave a constant supply of ready fresh blood. Fortunately the vampire in this film has her trusty blood-sister to help her out and keep those bothersome American tourists away from the castle. Overall this is a fairly typical Salvation Films' release with the mandatory candle lit atmospheric scenes. Worth a look, I reckon.
No, it does not have any of the social sarcasm of swift's book. And it is not animated in today's flawless though empty androidal style. Yes, it is GREAT FUN! The Fleischer style, in the long form, spins a bouncy Hollywood-ized yarn that is every kid's dream: To be bigger than all the adults and have them all in awe of you. Fun to the end. A gem.
Excellent performance by Peter Falk as a man of good values reduced to making a living as a bookie. He is wealthy in the love he shares with Tyne Daly in a good performance as his loving wife. Tim Hutton plays a useless drunken loser and Ms. Holly gives a fine performance as his loyal wife. Freddie Prinze Jr. gives a posterboy performance for just say no to cocaine.
The Guardsman is the only play of the famous stage couple that was remade for the screen. In fact, Lunt and Fontanne appear together in only four movies that I'm aware of, two of which are silent; the other sound movie being Hollywood Canteen, where they briefly appear as themselves. For students of stage history, and admirers of a truly great thespian couple, this movie is a treat.
This movie is one of the best out there, I've rented the movie so many times I ended up just buying the video. I love the segue of how they start in the beginning with how we broke the sound barrier to the advent of the space program. The direction of the film was incredible too. Take the time to rent this legendary film, you'll be happy you did!
In my opinion, one of the best movies of the last 20 years. Very well-made, entertaining, & educational as well. A must for anyone who enjoys a good, intelligent movie, whether you have an interest in space, politics, modern history, or whatever!! I have seen it several times (I teach American History & show in class every year), and am always entertained, never bored. I give it a 10!
Costner makes a great modern day badass. Worth watching alone for his portrayal of a retired Secret Service agent hired to protect superstar Whitney Houston. As far as romantic thrillers go, this is one of the best. Highly watchable, you'll forgive the glitz if you're a fan of the genre. The soundtrack is awesome and Whitney demonstrates her awesome talent on stage, so what if she can't act. 8/10
Although this movie received a lot of negative press, I was pleased to have seen it. The plot, as with the book, is in my opinion a little dull but the acting I thought was great. Di Caprio and Carlisle can always be expected to do wonders with any part they play. Although I have watched the movie several times, I will be adding it to my DVD collection.
little witches was a terrible movie that may have been successful if the acting wasn't so bad and the girls left their clothes on. The plot was ok and all that but the effects sucked and i couldn't help but think that this was just someones lame follow up to the popularity of the craft. i'd rather see dennis rodman in drag throwing magic around than these girls.
All I can say about this game is wow. Sega does it again (very hard for them to keep it up though). I loved the gameplay, soundtrack, and story line. I still play it since there's so much to do (get every emblem, get perfect scores, etc). I also thought it was very well-planned and made. Good job Sega. Hopefully they'll keep it up, even as a second party.
Strong, complex performances throughout, paint a startling picture of the extraordinary lengths to which women had to go to get the right to vote in the U.S. It simultaneously offered a glimpse into the politics of power, and the degree of commitment required to affect change in society. A haunting reminder of how much we take for granted in the freedom to choose that we, as women, now enjoy.
This movie is absolutely stupid and wonderful at the same time. It's an Airplane-type movie. It does all the silly jokes, visual and verbal. The star, Gary Kroeger, slips into a fair John Wayne impersonation throughout the movie. Marc Singer as the German Von Kraut, is fantastic, and does a terrific accent. If you enjoy this type of movie, find it, watch it, and enjoy. It's great.
I loved this film. It is one I will watch time and time again. It is a War film for the men and a love story for the women....O.K. there is a lot of swearing in the film but it is in context.I have not seen Ken Wahl in anything else but will now watch out for films with him in. Cheryl Ladd was very good in the film.
This is a great series to watch. I have been hooked on this show since the beginning because I love watching mysteries and crime like CSI and CSI Miami. Harmon's so sexy in this role and McCallum is always a joy to watch as Ducky especially when he's on the role over various anthropology lectures which to my amusement everyone on that shows roll up their eyeballs.
In the beginning the film was a bit boring but as it went on it got better and better. I find it quite amusing with a good end. I think it follows the style of analyse this, grosse point blank and other movies where a contract killer or mafia guy , in this case an undercover agent starts pursues therapy. If you liked any of these, go watch it.
Morbid, cynical, depressing script. Overstaged, empty direction. Actors who can't act, let alone dance or sing. Apparently no one noticed that, in the classic '30s musicals, there's no more than one or two tap-dance numbers per show--more than that irritates, and almost all the numbers in "Pennies" are tap dances. All the gimmicks like lip syncing wear out their welcome after two or three repetitions. A truly worthless venture.
Some movies are intended to be serious and end up cheesy. Some movies are intended as cheese from the beginning and work out well. Many classic movies (Attack of the Killer Tomatoes, Airplane, The Evil Dead, Rocky Horror Picture Show) fall into this category. The Godson was an obvious attempt at cheese that failed miserably. This movie wasn't cheddar... It wasn't even Velveeta... This movie was oil & water.
This is one of the most boring, dull, and worthless movies I've ever seen. 96 minutes felt like 96 hours. I have never been so annoyed with characters of a film, nor have I ever prayed for a character to be killed off before I saw this movie. It is a poor attempt at trying to be obscure, and it fails. It is a waste of time and money.
I'll give it to you straight: This movie is a stupid, boring waste of time. the acting is some of the worst i've ever seen, the charachters are faceless sterotypes, the plot (if you can call it that) is absurd, the soundtrack is a loud, annoying rip off of halloween, and to add to all that, it just doesn't make any sense. Unless you enjoy painful experiences, skip it.
This was a HUGE waste of time and $$$$$. What a discrace to the original. This is now my all time worst movie !! I don't think that this will be topped for some time. I should have known better, this movie didn't even make it to the theatres. It is no wonder Paul Newman doesn't appear in it, he probably could sense that it was pure GARBAGE !!
Thats about the only point of interest of this turkey. To be honest, I've only seen the MST3K version, but it is still easy to deduce that this is a total clunker, with horrendous use of stock footage, dialouge that can induce a grand mal seizure, cheap, CHEAP cardboard back drops, and terrible acting all make this movie, one to avoid. Although, I do recommend watching the MST3K version.
A pointless plot and bad acting characterize this film that needs to be thrown in the garbage. Master P isn't master of anything except stupidity in this movie. This movies features some of my favorite comics but they come off looking aimless in this film. Word to the would-be watchers of this movie: Ghetto fabulous + hip-hop non-culture + bad acting + pointless plot = A film that ain't.
This is a movie best viewed outside the US. It is about an Italian 17 year old who comes to live in the US after his mother is killed in a bank robbery. The script is poor and irrational. The best thing that you might gain from this movie is to see how some Italians view life in the US. It definitely IS NOT for entertainment for US viewers.
This was a less-than-mediocre sequel to a good movie. The nun choir songs were nowhere near as polished as the first movie. The kids were very much more interesting, However, the plot-line was on an extremely thin edge between being totally laughable and improbable. It was still a feel-good movie. You have to ignore your disbelief, or maybe have a little faith. Perhaps that was the entire point...
I've no doubts that militaristic enthusiasts enjoy this movie, but it got lousy actors, directors and camera people. It looks very amateurish. The film is made in South Africa in 1987 which makes it colored(no pun intended) with racist hints here and there. It's no doubt the whites are the heroes in this movie. It can be compared to The Octagon with Chuck Norris. Yes, IT IS that bad.
It is a shame that after a brilliant first two films, full of cameraderie and a great comedy element as well as a plausible plot, this one just ruins it all. There will not be a sequal to this botch up, which sees a greying Eddie Murphy running around a theme park with little support from 'Taggart' or 'Rosewood'. I don't think Eddie will put this on his C.V.
I have two favourite periods of history: JFK and the English Civil War. It would therefore have had to have been a really awful film to have kept me away. What can I say. I loved it. Yes there are one or ten historical inaccuracies, and Scott is a poor actor. However, Roth and Everett are very good. I had a great night out with Cromwell & co.
What a waste of time! The acting was so bad, I thought that I was watching my old high school's bad attempts at serious drama. The story seemed to take itself WAAAY too seriously. It had no humor, bad makeup and I thought I was watching a forest because of all the wooden objects that were trying to act! Avoid this if you can (and many of you will!)!
What can I say? I'm really picky when it comes to musical movies, and this one really sucked. The music itself wasn't so bad, but plot was just annoying. The movie simply circulated around one man's memory of a friend and a band. I didn't understand the point of the film. Some did enjoy it, surprisingly enough. Watch if you care about personal struggles over dumb issues. 1/10
Possibly the worst acting ever in a genre not noted for its sterling thespians. Quigley is the best of the lot, shining (relatively) in her role as one of the many disposable sacks of blood in this tedious time-sink. Who lives through it? Who cares? Since the characters are all blanks, there's no suspense and the little interest there is wanes quickly. One of the all-time worst horror films.
An amateur documentary film maker takes a little old man, Bill, for subject. The man is mentally ill. They learn respect while knowing each other's secret. Story of good intentions, but this is truly a minor league TV B-Movie. Settings are awful, actors others than the two stars are mediocre. Veteran Mickey Rooney portrays a warm man and provides very good acting. That's the only reason to watch this.
Watching this disaster, I think I must've said "I can't believe that I'm still watching this" about fifty times. I'm supposed to believe that the guy from Mannequin is tough? HAH! And Robert Patrick, shame on you! In this film, Evil T-100 you ain't. I would've rated this movie a "1," but it was comically bad. Too bad MST3K isn't in production anymore - this one's prime material.
Watching this disaster, I think I must've said "I can't believe that I'm still watching this" about fifty times. I'm supposed to believe that the guy from Mannequin is tough? HAH! And Robert Patrick, shame on you! In this film, Evil T-100 you ain't. I would've rated this movie a "1," but it was comically bad. Too bad MST3K isn't in production anymore - this one's prime material.
The creator of Hot Shots brought this film that tries to be funny.I expected a funnier film. I wasted 4 bucks on this movie. The spoofs get over used to the the point of stupidity. Don't waste your money on this film either by go see it or by renting it. I'm not looking forward to the Titanic spoof which the creator of this film is producing and writing.
This is filmed theater and does not cut it as a movie. It just does not come across with any realism or vibrancy. The point is not that a film must have action. Indeed, one of my all-time favorite movies is "My Dinner with Andre", which consists entirely of a dinner conversation between two old friends. But "First Monday in October" just doesn't have any spark. 3/10
This film has been repackaged as an erotic picture [retitled Kiss Of Fire] with a very racy cover that implies one will get more than a brief exposure to Miss Applegate's talents. Well forget it. This is an idiotic "drama" with no point, little plot, and amateurish camera work. Disney has added the tagline "An Erotic Journey Of Desire!" to a movie that is really just a crappy chick-flick!
It was a nice movie in the beginning. It was teasing enough to keep watching Although it was a bit too dark; it was as if it was always night and the lights were off all the time. But when the end was approaching there were too many errors in the story to enjoy it any more. The ending was really unsatisfied because of the errors in the story.
I must say I don't like this version, just as the original version also seems a bit lame to me. The original was a big hit here in DK, and so I expected something exraordinary, but it wasn't. This is the Hollywood'ized version, but that doesn't make it any better - on some points it is even worse than the danish version. Not impressed, no, not at all... :-/
Yes, some of the events in this movie may be predictable, but I really loved this movie. It's got everything... scares, heartbreak, sadness, pain, happiness... everything except a sappy love story included. I really like Leelee Sobieski, and I think she's a great actress. (She's totally a young Helen Hunt.) I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants to be scared... just not to the point of terror.
Chad Everet and Dirk Benedict as military officers denying the existence of UFO's. Parker Stevenson as the abductee whose life has been turned up side down. I know..I know..I know. But hold on this one is different.Parker Stevenson gives a sensitive, endearing performance when he first encounters the alien that the military have captured. It's reminiscent of "ET" but without the happy ending. It is not geared for small children.
Gremlins probably is under rated, but it thourougly delivers when your looking for a comedy and a bit of tame horror(theres hardly any). Even though the little critters are evil, they are very likeable and the people who created them did a fantastic job in designing them. And in the end, after you watch it, you really will wonder if thats a possum or gremlin in the vent ;)
I saw this film in 1994 or 1995 on Canal+ and I can still remember that I was really impressed by this film. I almost really believed everything was really happening. My VHS-tape of this movie is broken now, but I would really, really appreciate it if anybody could tell me how I could get another copy. (DVD, VHS or any other format) So... can anybody help me?
Well, what a waste of 90 minutes. Some of the worst acting you would ever want to see (particularly the waitress who was Peralta's girlfriend - this would be an example of overacting at its absolute worst) allied to inept, wooden screenwriting. Its sole redeeming feature is a nice twist in the story but the ending is lame. If you have anything better to do dont bother watching this movie.
Takeshi Kitano strikes with a masterpiece. What starts as typical yakuza flick sees Kitano and co. taking a trip to Okinawa to help out some friends, however these friends don't need any help, and Kitano's group of slackers and newbies accidently complicate the entire situation, forcing the crew to hideout at a little house where they enjoy their vacation until everything erupts and Kitano shows off his Harvey Kietel style.
This movie is fantastic. I don't think anyone except Hitchcock could have made such humour out of a dead body. Shirley MacLaine (in her first role) is delightful and Edmond Gwenn perfect. You'll see a young Jerry Mathers pre-dating Leave it to Beaver by a few years. Don't miss this little gem, it's as funny today as it was in 1955 and I suspect for a long time to come.
and it's a damn funny movie (at times) to boot! We've all heard about Mariel Hemingway's bisexual proclivities and this film just adds more fuel to the fire that she seems to want to fan. Fine with me! Mike Binder has made a very enjoyable picture, and I never got bored with it. 97 minutes is just about the right length - any more and he might have lost me.
I have just finished watching this movie, and I can say is WOW, it's definitely one of the best anime movies of all time. The story, music, and animation are great; you just have to see this movie right away. The movie is not out in theater, not in the U.S. anyway, so you should go get the Korean DVD instead, it has English subtitle, so you will be fine.
Ok yeah it's a grade B soft core porno.. but all sceens with Smirnof in them are cinematic gold. You can pretty much tell it is a whole mess of adlib and what an awesome job of it. He is funny and clever for the type of film this was and what he was given to work with. My hat is off to you Michael R. Thomas.
I enjoyed this movie a lot. The lives of the people that used or were associated with the violin were fascinating, along with its near destruction on more than one occasion. Acting was solid all through. I thought the very end was an unnecessary twist that didn't really make a lot of sense. They could've figured out something better. But all in all a good show, worth watching again sometime.
Although this story is relatively confined to a simple bar set I found the characters that enter the scene are very animated and entertaining. The level headed owner/bartender keeps everything in order but the antics do fly. A refreshing look at the expressive character types of the 40's. Not much in terms of complex plot twists or symbolic messages just a funfilled look at a bar/lounge of that time period.
I just happened across this one Sunday morning on Turner Classic Movies, and I loved it. What a cast: Doris, Gordon, Billy Gray (of "Father Knows Best"), Ellen Corby (Grandma of "The Waltons"), Mary Wicks (from the "Sister Act" movies) and others who made this a total trip down memory lane. I can hardly wait for the second movie, "By the Light of the Silvery Bay" (1953) to come on!
Overall this movie had bad writing and cheap sets. Christian Bale was adorable, though. That was the only plus in this movie. It seems to drag on with it's dry, dull writing. As much as I adore Christian Bale, it was still hard to watch because it was pretty much, a boring movie. Very small children may like this movie, but those over age 8 will most likely be bored.
Wow! Attended a local film festival where they were showcasing horror / sci-fi films. This definitely caught our eye being the basis about a talking dog and how it drives his owner to kill. After the film, my friends and I were shocked and disturbed but we were so enthralled that we can't stop talking about it. This is one pet you don't want to forget to walk or feed!
If you're looking for graphic gore, this is not the movie for you. Loaded with wonderful imagery and insinuation that leaves the horror to your imagination. You won't see Leslie's or the private detective's mutilated body, but we all know what happened to them. Richard Lynch's portrayal as a vampire is superb, with a deliciously evil and seductive air. There are no special effects, yet the story is quite riveting.
Any person who has seen this movie and didn't laugh has no sense of humor. From the opening theater scene to the last "BLAH! BLAH! BLAH! BLAH! at Ernest's funeral, this movie kept me laughing throughout. Streep, Hawn (love her eyes) and Willis kept me "doubled over" and I thought they worked great together. I would highly recommend this movie for any one looking for a FIERCE "dark humor" comedy!
Chevy Chase is just awesome, I can't say it enough. He is funny in every movie he's in. Charles Grodin is good in this one too. I love the way he moans and groans like a wuss. It's hilarious. This movie is just funny. Chevy leads the laughs, and the black butler Chester cracks me up. Watch it, it comes on an HBO every 2 hours it seems like .
I saw this film last night (a rainy Tuesday evening - perfect for watching a film like this!) I loved it. The cast is outstanding. As someone who loves visiting New York City, I enjoyed seeing Manhattan - the neighborhoods, Central Park, etc. If you like films that focus on the characters and not a whole lot of action, this is an excellent film to see!
Louis Lumiere's brother, Auguste, and his wife sit at a table, in their garden, feeding their child - who sits between them. Shrubbery in the background rustles indicating a slight breeze. Perhaps the public, in 1896, would see this and wish they could preserve family scenes such as this for their posterity. Now, 107 years later, we can - on film or video. We have come a long way, baby!
A universal story based on so many peoples lives, their first love, life experiences, growing up and most importantly discovering who loves them the most. It's about being young and feeling all those wonderful undiscovered feeling that we all humans feel for the first time. It's joyous to watch and reminisent about your own life as well as experiencing those moments one more time. After all we only live once.
I'm sorry but saying this movie sucks is an understatement, the beginning and the ends were good, stay awake for the ending, despite the boring inbetween stuff, but don't miss the odd stuff inbetween it was either humorus, or gothic in a way. I can stay awake through anything, even HobGoblins, this is a great movie for animation lovers, definitely not for kids, but still this was a good animation.
Based on a true story, this television drama was filmed along Canada's west coast, in winter. The cast and crew worked in icy waters and freezing rain. It was a miserable "shoot" but so was the horror of the real people involved. You will notice a very young and green Matt Leblanc in a roll years before "Friends". Robert Conrad was very strong and real...a true professional. Richard Long
Excellent portrayal of two couples as best friends - you can notice the comfortable interaction between the couples in the present vs their interaction and awkwardness when they were getting to know each other. I found the lessons in the movie to be quite thought provoking. If you are married with kids, this movie is for you - it is not only for people who have been around a divorce.
I really wanted to love this movie, but I didn't even like it. The twins are great characters, and the Polish brothers do a fine job with their portrayal of them. But the rest of the film is nothing but a mishmash of obvious symbolism, bad acting and maudlin happy cripple-ism. Boo! For a real piece of art about freaks, check out "Geek Love" by Kathleen Dunn.
Eric Braeden is brilliant and matched action for action with the entire cast in low-key masterpiece about dangers of unchecked scientific advances. Cold War atmosphere is captured perfectly and the brittle dialogue is delivered to perfection. And sargent's direction matches script and performances in being understated yet uncompromising -- surprising me at every turn. Great movie, but if you are like me, you may wish not to see it alone.
This movie needs better spokespeople! So here goes: take Bogart, Howard, Davis. Classic story with modern undertones. Stage play that works on screen. Clever dialog. Bittersweet longing for a better place. Missed chances for love. Violent gangsters. Quaint desert cafes. Mix in blender: out comes a classic from 1936 which still tastes good today. Don't miss it. You can't talk about American cinema until you've seen this one, too.
This film is a very good satire of life in the 90's for gay men. The acting is a bit tireless, yet when taken into context of the genre of the satire, then it places well. John-Michael Lander is very convincing as the 'gay-god' that has decided to fall in love and yet can't give up his other life. This film should be on the list of the "Gay Must-See"
"Poker at Eight" exhibits the situation comedy at the height of its form! The camerawork, set design, and, particulary, the acting of Charley Chase and Constance Bergen sparkles with wit, truth, and immense charm. The songs in "Poker at Eight" are witty and well-integrated into the plot. Charley Chase at the height of his art as a writer, singer, composer, and director of comedy. A definite precursor to screwball comedy!
Pleasantly surprised as I tuned in on a Monday mid-morning to see something as refreshingly quirky as this film. Thora Birch really played the part very well, and the movie overall had great character development. Fresh and true look into what really happens to some teens as they try to transition from high school life to the reality that is the "real world". Funny and Unique. 4 stars from me.
No flashing steel-armored knights and dazzling pageantry, this is a telling of the Arthur tale as he probably was - a British warlord struggling to maintain order and civilization after the withdrawal of the Roman legions in the fifth century. Arthur is mentored by Ambrosius Aurelianus, the "last of the Romans" in war and diplomacy, and together they fight against the barbarians pressing down on the remnants of Roman Britain.
What's the point of this film? What does it have to say? And why does Dyan Cannon disappear so early on? You'll have all those questions running through your mind while you're watching "Doctor's Wives", but this vapid, pointless, soap-opera-level film provides no answers. A very superficial treatment of potentially strong subjects. A great cast that is thoroughly wasted. And a heart-surgery scene that is not for the squeamish. (*1/2)
This movie is worth renting for a few scenes, like seeing LL Cool J burst in and performing "Can't Live Without My Radio" during the Krush Groove auditions. Unfortunately, the storyline is weak, and the acting is terrible. However, if you're a true old school fan, be prepared for some classic scenes featuring the likes of Sheila E., RUN DMC, the Beastie Boys, The Fat Boys, LL, and so on.
...this is an extremely well-conceived, well-written, well-acted, and well-made film. The dialogue, in both its everyday scenarios and heated exchanges, is excellent; and the mockumentary style meshes perfectly with the nicely segmented, ever-twisting plot. Then, after making light of some serious history, the ending takes a dark, ironic turn to drive home its message that whatever political system you choose, the worst elements in human nature are here to stay...
I thought this was really good. The comedy writing was really funny, but handled with intelligence, and the political satire was dead on. Didn't come off preachy, actually, it came off as fun. Got a few messages across in the process. Although I like stupid comedy as well, it was refreshing to laugh at some intelligent comments hidden in the comedy. Really well written, acted and directed by Warren Beatty.
This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I don't mean "bad" in the 50's Sci Fi B-movie way, I mean "bad" as in bad! Bad script, bad acting, even the blood and gore is badly done. The "item" itself, nothing but a horney muppet, isn't even the worst thing about the movie. An hour and a half of my life that I'll never get back.
It just disappoints me how many bad comments people are making about this movie. Sure, some of the animation is crappy, but hey, try to look on the brighter side of it people! This movie isn't THAT bad! It's actually one of my favorite sequels, and not to mention Disney's very FIRST sequel. It should be treated with more respect, same with Aladdin and the King of Thieves (excellent movie!)
Excellent story, scenery, characters and acting. Our whole family watched it including my 5 yr. old grandson. It really opened my eyes to different Native American people and customs. Years ago I read and enjoyed the fiction, series books about Native Americans by Paul Joseph Lederer. Dreamkeeper helped me visualize Native American life. When this movie is available for sale I want to buy and put in our DVD library.
Words can't describe my feelings after I saw the story of Elephant Man - I cried almost the whole movie. As I know the whole story is true - there is almost no fiction in it (as in Braveheart for example). John Merrick is simply beautiful. This is the most touching story ever filmed and it changed me a lot. I highly recommend it to everyone. 10 out of 10.
Finally, we have people trying to make a difference in the entertainment industry!!! This movie was GREAT! I enjoyed not having to worry about what would be showing from scene to scene. Awesome plot, and the actors were great!!! This is the kind of film that I wouldn't mind seeing time and time, again!!! Thank you, Jenkins Entertainment, for producing a film that the whole family can see and enjoy!!!
Well, it's watchable, but it's also a movie that really has nothing going for it at all. I wasn't really bored while watching this film, but it is supremely forgettable. Then again, it's not like the title makes it sound like a classic that will stand the test of time. I suppose it is an adequate choice if you're looking to kill some time, but don't expect to be entertained.
"Charlotte Sometimes" addresses questions of love, intimacy and sex in ways that I've never seen before. The movie's characters say more by what they DON'T say rather than what we do. Like the best movies, the script is cut to a minimum so that we may drink in how the characters are reacting rather than what they are saying. Sure, it's not a perfect film but it's very good.
If you don't feel uncomfortable to watch homosexual sex scenes, it's worth to watch it. Shows Rio de Janeiro when in a hypocrite society, who just ignored social problems like poverty, color distinction and others, that still existing. Tells a story in a simple way, without using any Hollywood's cliché - and shows how and why the violence grows on shantytowns or guetos in the main brazilian cities.
I can only describe this film as one of the delightfully insane motion pictures ever made. Weller,Goldblum, and Lithgow were all in magnificent form, while the script is a hilarious, surreal masterpiece of heroic absurdity. I've always wanted the sequel to appear, but I realize that that's as likely as a new Twin Peaks film or restorations of The Magnificent Ambersons or Greed. One last thing: I AM New Jersey!
Firstly, the correct title for this film is TRUE VENGEANCE. Bernhardt portrays Allen Griffin, an ex-Navy SEAL who's daughter is kidnapped by her Yakuza grandfather to force Griffin to kill an exec of a rival company so he can take it over. Racing against time, Griffin is determined to get his daughter back at all costs. While being chased by the police for the murder, he takes on the Yakuza.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is back! And this time he's got the hots for a petite little southern gal played by the ever gorgeous Rosanna Arquette! Some evil men are out to take her land, but Jean-Claude, and escaped convict on the lam, is here to be her savior! Full hot explosions, hot girls, and plenty of Van Damme kicks and punches! This film is sure not to let you down!
James Woods hams it up beautifully as the "cop" with a REAL bad attitude, and Charles Durning adds a nice touch as his police buddy. Over the top, overacted and hard to believe, but pretty damn fun to watch, with one of the greatest "smack you upside the head" endings I've ever seen in my twenty-six years on this planet. Check this one out and have a good time.
As Good as it Gets is a very funny movie, filled with great acting and lines that always hit the mark p-e-r-f-e-c-t-l-y... Jack Nicholson is absolutely perfect, and Helen Hunt proves that she can do better than playing in Twister... Greg Kinnear is also very convincing in his role. The Oscar-cursed Cuba Gooding Jr. gives one of his last good performances, if not THE last one... Great movie... 85%
This is a classic 1950s Sci/Fi film. I originally saw it when I was nine, and had nightmares for six weeks, thereafter. My rating for this film is 8 out of 10, primarily because of the impact it had on me as a child. I can now look at it and smile, but also recall those dreams which invaded my sleep. Enjoy; It is worth a viewing.
This is a classic 1950s Sci/Fi film. I originally saw it when I was nine, and had nightmares for six weeks, thereafter. My rating for this film is 8 out of 10, primarily because of the impact it had on me as a child. I can now look at it and smile, but also recall those dreams which invaded my sleep. Enjoy; It is worth a viewing.
Though the script could have used a rewrite, mainly to upgrade the dialogue, Warren William's presence makes the film worth watching. He plays a lying, evil, conniving, and utterly ruthless human dynamo who works his way up from janitor to international power broker.In other words, a typical Depression-era anti-hero. Especially enjoyable is the penultimate flashback sequence, in which William remembers every rotten thing he's ever done. In a word, fun.
I have always marveled at the accounts of the "obscenity" trials like Larry Flynt's in the days of old. What a quaint concept, that art or ideas can be so offensive and harmful that they should be banned. I wouldn't ban this movie, or any other. But the pure hatefulness of the presentation of violence in this this film is reason enough to keep the word "obscene" in our language.
The frame-story is the necessary evil of the movie. The only thing about the frame-story worth mentioning is that Eva Pawlik is also an excellent actress. The outstanding value of the film lies in the presentation of the ensemble of the Vienna Ice Revue with European Champion Eva Pawlik on top. Everyone interested in the history of figure skating has to have seen this document of art on the ice.
I knew nothing about this film before I rented it. I wish that there had been someone to take me by the hand; to warn me off. So now I'm here now for the rest of you. Don't rent this film. Slight redemption comes in the form of the two female leads, Lena Headey & Penelope Cruz. They are both simply exquisite -- but beauty does not a film make.
This movie looks like it was made for TV . For years I waited for some movie to be made about Rubin Carter, because I loved to see him box at the old MSG, and to see this movie was very disappointing.I have alot of respect for Mr Washington, but he was awful and boring.There is really nothing good to say about this movie except I did like the song.
After all the fuzz and compliments about this movie I thought it was going to impress me big time...it did, but in a negative way. Okay, I can't say it fails completely at making you feel some beauty of life, but it's way too superficial, childish and pretty unbelievable...besides, "The Father" is simply too annoying doing his pretending game. It's just too much sugar in this movie...diabetics rather stay away.
This movie isn't much of anything. It's not really smart, nor polished, nor good at all. Plus, Kristen Scott Thomas's character, Mary, was getting on my nerves. In some ways, it was a blend of art deco from the 1930's, with high priced aristrocratcy, and that cheesey 1980's thing. Not really creative at all in my opinion! Sorry! See "Purple Rain". It's not excellent either, but it's better than this!
I rented this as a free rental, and I am so glad that I didn't spend money on it. With the cast, I thought it would be pretty good, but the acting was not good at all. The story was old and used... the only mediocre part was the special effects. If you can see it for free, go for it - just don't waste any more money on it!
My friend went out to the moviestore to rent a video tape. We wanted to see a fighting movie whit Juan-Claude van Damme. On the front of the moviebox was a picture of van Damme. BUT THE MOVIE SUXS! He wasn´t in it! The movie was awful! My friend went out and drive moped cuz he was so bored! So don´t see it! /Gang in Sweden, BURN!
What exactly is the point of this boring, predictable, cliche-ridden little zit of a film? Are we to be subjected henceforth to the home movies of everyone under age 30? Is this to be our new Inferno? Chris Noth is good but doesn't seem to be in the same film with anyone else. The rest look like they're trying to remake from memory one of Woody Allen's lesser "serious" efforts.
Sasha Mitchell stars as David Sloan the brother of Kurt Sloan (Jean-Claude Van Damme) who takes on Tong Po (Michael Qissi) a brutal fighter who was beaten in Bangkok by Kurt, however Tong Po has killed Kurt and now demands a match with David to reclaim his honor in this disappointingly dull sequel which takes itself far too seriously. The actionscenes themselves are okay, but overall the film is worthless.
My pick for the worst movie ever made...complete garbage. I cannot even make one positive comment. This movie should be shown to prison inmates as punishment. A week in solitary confinement would be preferable to the torture one endures during the 88 minutes of this stinker. What the heck were Jason Alexander, Robert De Niro, Rene Russo, and Randy Quaid thinking? Are they so hard up for a movie role?
The Harley-Davidsonesque graphics on the video box are the best thing about this film. Oh - and the jiggly cut-out credits at the end of the film. You will rarely get the chance to see acting as bad as this. So slow it took me 3 days to watch all 90 minutes as there were so many more exciting things going on, like the phone ringing, dogs barking, taps dripping...
Papertrail is cliched trash with absolutely no redeeming features - period. The one point of interest is the cast. Poor Chris Penn! Despite top-notch performances in Short Cuts and The Funeral he's still paying the bills with straight-to-video 'entertainment' like this derivative turkey. Ditto Michael Madsen - there's actually a scene where the two sit quietly facing each other, presumably lost in thought over why they're still paying their agents.
I really enjoyed the first Mortal Kombat movie, I like action flicks that aspire to be more. This movie does not fit that bill. There are a legion of things wrong with this movie, beginning with the death of Johnny Cage, and going downhill from there. Women wrestling other women in mud. Terrible film. I felt like I wasted more money on this movie than any I've ever seen before.
This pathetic movie about a talking detective dog shows nothing but contempt of people in general and children in particular. The so-called special effects are mind-blowingly awful as is the whole tone of the film. Along with Forest Warrior with Chuck Norris and Il Professore with Bud Spencer this is the worst film I've ever had the misfortune to see. I give it a dead certain 1 out of 10.
It is a copy of "Love Story". For those of you who have read the novel or seen the English movie with same title "Love Story", don't watch this movie. The actors specially Himanshu Malik needs to go some acting school to do better. The credited cast lacks acting skills and they have spoiled the beauty of the movie. It could have been made better by taking some experienced cast.
Eye of God is a well-crafted independent film that is fatally flawed by its reliance on a current mainstream-film cliche as a central plot element: that any character with religious convictions will be revealed in the course of the film as a psychopath. It demonstrates once more that most filmmakers today have no clue in depicting religious experience in either an authentic or a sympathetic fashion. A waste of talent.
It shocks me to think there are IMDb reviewers out there who would give this sordid piece of uninteresting, uninspiring, unsurprising, total waste of potential film acting a 10 rating! Never had I painfully sat through such a bomb hoping that the film would just get better because others enjoyed it. Don't waste your time. You're better off getting a cheap B-flick that is campy and fun. This ain't it.
The few people below who recommended this tripe need to be dead. This travesty of a movie is the kind of thing that happens when talentless people fail to recognize their shortcomings and start trying to be the next Tarantino or Lynch. The lady who plays Geena is pretty attractive. An hour and a half of film and that is absolutely the only positive thing I can think to say.
Iron Chef USA sounded like it would be a suitable compliment to the great Japanese version of Iron Chef, which was always elegant and well produced. A slap in the face and utter flop, Iron Chef USA was a circus joke and mockery to the original, from the flashy, disrespectful Chairman to the bimbo interviewer. What a disappointment and supreme embarrassment. Thank goodness old Japanese Iron Chef reruns exist!
I'm never sure what this movie is trying to be, or what point it is trying to make. Different ideas start, but there is no finish. Why did Norman Waters have to build the ark? What did his wife's death have to do with it? What was the point of this movie? Poor writing, amateur acting. Sorry, I like Tony Danza, but this movie got a "1" rating from me.
This movie about a sexually depraved young man starts out good enough, but as soon as Dorothy appears, the story turns for the worse. Definitely not for everyone, though one could say the makers have been bold enough to make a movie about this subject. I could care less, frankly, and was sometimes unpleasantly surprised by the eagerness of both leads to make it a realistic experience. Vote: 5/6
On the cover of my DVD it says: "Will make American Pie fade in comparison". What? No way. This is absolutely the worst movie ever. If American Pie is a 100, then this one gets a 2. Please don't go and see this, or the producers might think you liked it and make a sequel. And a sequel might mess up the way we watch movies for generations to come...
How this junk ever got onto rental shelves I will probably never know. Reign In Darkness is not just horrid, it's REALLY BAD! We are talking bad direction, bad lighting, poor acting, et cetera. I cannot think of one positive trait for this flick. I am going to give my 7-year old Nephew a camcorder and see if he can make a better effort. It could not be any worse.
A sad and pathetic overture in the life and times of Oliver Stone. Sadly, after making so many great films to this point, Stone was forced to rebuild his career after creating this crummy film. Having enjoyed Sean Penn's movies in the past, this seemed a real departure for him. There is very little to say about this film, except it help Stone wise up and create Any Given Sunday.
This is meant to be a thriller, but the audience laughed in way too many places at the ridiculousness of the situation.. If you like seeing a naked Sigrid or Peter O'Brien 6 pack this is the movie for you. It almost got to the point of saying "Watch out -He's behind you!" And why oh why didn't they use the line "Oh my god - I've killed Kenny!"
Jean-Claude Van Damme stars as Gibson Rickenbacher (!) a soldier seeking revenge for the murder of his loved ones in a post apoclypse setting, where "Flesh Pirates" rule with an iron fist. Poorly made actionflick, stumbles from one pointless scene to another without any real plot to fall back on, hits a nadir when Van Damme is crucified on the cross. However many people might not make it that far.
Hi folks Forget about that movie. John C. should be ashamed that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has never been and will never be an actor and the FX are a joke. The first vampires was good ... and it was the only vampires. This thing here just wears the same name. Just a waste of time thinks ... JAKE Scorpio
I was surprised by how terrible SPRING BREAK was. I wasn't expecting much. Just the usual T&A flick from the 1980s but SB was even below that expectation. The entire cast is not known to me. I doubt any of them had careers after this. All in all, a total waste of time. SB is a real step down for director Cunningham after making the now classic FRIDAY THE 13TH.
This movie leaves us the impression that the actors have been hired to appear at a rich kid's party instead of playing a part in a movie. Barring a great deal of respect for Dennis Hopper, Steven Seagal and the others, this movie looks like "a day at the office appearance" for most of them. Point your finger at the director because he is responsible for this low-level picture.
This movie has warped my fragile little mind! Seriously besides Lawnmower Man II and I assume American Ninja 4 this has to be one of the worst movies ever to appear out of Hollywood. The stunts are more than poor, the plot is horrid, the acting worse and the cinematography of it is a joke. Spare yourself: Don't watch it. If you're a movie-lover this production will make you sad.
The worst movie I have ever seen - simple as that. It went plunging past the "so bad it's funny" stage and descended into the deepest bowels of bad movies. The only time I have ever really felt that I wasted my money to watch a movie. I would rather have a Tang® colonic than be forced to watch this movie again. If you want Flintstones, stick with the cartoon!
The 1st Rocky combined a story about a boxing career and a love story. That combination made the 1st Rocky such a great film. However, Rocky II focuses only on a love story between Rocky and Adrian(i.e. they have a baby). The real action doesn't occur until the end, where Rocky fights Apollo Creed for a 2nd time. After the first Rocky, the producers should have left this series alone.
She acts, she sings, she models, she produces! This is a live action movie based on a silly cartoon. Spy spoof movies are plentiful and generally don't have the best reputation. This one works as a takeoff of a popular cartoon. It is not, however, about the moose-and-squirrel. It is about Sally Kellerman. If you want to enjoy this lanky bombshell at her best, this is the place to be.
Simple fun. Often movies with a simple and low brow approach fall on their face but this one pokes fun at itself for it so it's not necessarily a requirement. Drew Barrymore was the only mis-cast person I can recall. I appreciate her as an actress but she hardly seems fit enough for the physicality of the part. Largely eye candy, it's worth a watch.
This movie looks like it was made for TV . For years I waited for some movie to be made about Rubin Carter, because I loved to see him box at the old MSG, and to see this movie was very disappointing.I have alot of respect for Mr Washington, but he was awful and boring.There is really nothing good to say about this movie except I did like the song.
I guess this movie was alright. I have always been a fan of the Scream series and I enjoyed this one. The writers put way too much humor into the movie though. They didn't keep a dark enough tone like they did in the first and second. Despite this it was still a good movie, entertaining, scary, creative, etc. It is a great way to end the wonderful horror series.
I was forced to see this movie in the theater by my friends. I tought it would be a bad, semi-porn kind of movie. I wish it would have been that. It was actually worse. It is not only grotesque but also boring. The sex scenes (which includes 1 gay) are not at all good, sometimes disgusting. I can't believe that actors like Spader and Hunter acted in this movie.
This was so so bad, they tried so hard at every moment to be Hollywoood... this was crap. I felt betrayed by the time it was over. Just cliche after cliche. Run fast from this Hollywood wannbe movie. The characterers were never developed, the plot was a farce and noting worked. Even parts that seemed to be redeeming turned out crap... it's a bad joke.... do not see this thing.
Did they honestly think that this movie would be good? Did the really think people would like it so much that they'd tell their friends to go see it, and then buy it when released on DVD? I think the people involved with this movie must think you can get away with a loose script and bad comedy as long as it's got lots of explosions and sexy women.
This is currently my favorite TV show. I can very much relate to Adrian as I too have the same disorder! Though most of us don't have it quite as severe as him. He notices little things. Very little things. That's what makes him such a great detective, and comedian. I highly recommend you watch this. So far from what I've seen I think this is a great family show.
The mostly decent performances from Shannen Doherty, Colm Feore, and Tamara Gorski were the best thing about this forgettable film. The dialogue is laughable and the plot is overflowing with twists and double-crosses, but it's hard to tell who's fooling who -- is the *character* bad at pretending to be loyal, or is the actor just bad at portraying the character? I can see why this one disappeared without a trace.
This is no Bonnie & Clyde. It's not some huge feat in movie-making. It's not supposed to be; it's just a cute little comedy. But it's cool. It has some very clever dialogue & fine acting. Benicio del Toro looks better than he's ever looked in any movie here. Walken is delightful. Alicia Silverstone plays the pouty brat well - she's supposed to be a little annoying. It's a fun romp.
I remember the first time I ever saw this great film was at an old drive in theater in my area when I was very young and to this very day, it remains one of my favorite films of all time. This movie was so very well written and acted and is a dynamic mix of horror and laughs. This is one film that I could watch over and over again!
All I have to say about this movies is that if Jason Lee was a somewhat bigger name in the industry, it he should have had top billing. I mean this movie is all about Jason Lee, he is great in this film. It also shows that he can play a different role then the characters he has played in Kevin Smith films. If you like Jason Lee watch this movie.
In many ways, 'Body and Soul' is a very typical Hollywood story. It has the 'local boy makes it big', the 'vamp and the virgin', the 'corrupt businessmen' and of course the final moral fight. However, James Wong Howe's brilliant cinematography and John Garfield's solid acting lift this movie above the norm. Every emotion is heart-felt, and the tension at the end is perfectly presented. One of the best boxing movies.
This interesting film from Spanish director De la Iglesia is a road trip that is fun and action packed, as it is obscure. A great premise taken to the extreme, in which a servant of god, has to get in touch with the evil side, in order to save the world. The comic relief comes in Chema, a rock-store clerk, who, along this priest takes this trip to it's ultimate consequences.
This short, which won an Academy Award, is the best animated adaptation that I've yet seen and is better than a couple of the live-action versions. Everything is top-notch-animation, voice-casting (particularly Sim reprising his performance as Scrooge), production values. The adaptation is quite true to the tone and spirit of the original work, even with the necessary truncation imposed by the brief length. Good to have it in print. Most recommended.
A married older man has a fling with a younger woman leading to sex murder, suicide, gossip, cover ups and a lot of other fun stuff in this tv miniseries soap opera. Loosely based on the Bloomingdale scandal and a novel by Dominick Dunne, this movie is a typical trashy made for television fare that has a great cast and is very watchable..especially with DeMornay. a guilty pleasure. 7 of 10
This movie made me proud to be Catholic. While it's not totally successful on an artistic level, the story of Romero's conversion was inspiring and spiritually moving. I hope the church will keep him on the fast track to sainthood! Aside from that, as a film, it gets a little too didactic towards the end (it was more emotionally involving before his conversion than after); however, Raul Julia's performance is superb.
Before you start viewing an early Chuck Norris flick, you certainly don't have particularly high expectations; you just want to kill two hours painlessly. "Forced Vengeance" is an utterly predictable, formulaic, often boring action film, yet it generally accomplishes its mission. Norris is as stiff as ever, of course, and there are plenty of hokey fight sequences, often filmed in slow-motion, although I can't quite understand the necessity of that "gimmick".
I love this film! Far better than "City of Lost Children"...which I liked, but not as much. The way the movie jumps into its setting, the quirky characters and its sense of calm at the core. I've always viewed it as a triumph of youth, creativity, and love over greed and treachery. Absolutely a must film. Especially if you liked "Brazil" Now if I could just find an affordable VHS copy!!!
Why do you ask? Its got more one-liners, better (as in more amusing) dialogue, better action. Shaft becomes the poor man's James Bond in this one, doing what amounts to international spying but without the hi-tech tricks of Bond. Great final "Shaft enraged by the slow working justice system" ending. Great title song by the 4 Tops ("Are You Bad Enough") doesn't measure up to the classic "Shaft" but still delivers.
Yes, I own this but at least I didn't pay much, 'cause it was used. Anyway, this film is boring, Oliver's accent is annoying and he puts on that " I don't want to fight you", good guy act, that Van Damme used to put on in the eighties- if you dont know what I mean, watch the film, I mean B movie cause this is in no way a "film"!
While I was on Thanksgiving Vacation visiting my relatives in America. I saw the film "In his Life" The John Lennon Story. Being a big Beatle fan I enjoyed it alot. I was impressed with the Dramatic performances from Irish Actor Phillip McQuillan. I thought he represented Lennons esscence quite well in this movie. What I would like to know is when is he making a Sequel?
Killer cockroaches, Jan Michael Vincent, Paul Winfield, George Peppard, giant scorpions, ultimate SUV's, inbred hillbilly types and dusty old Las Vegas where the slots still work...all combine to make a fun little, albeit cheesy, flick. As a kid this movie was a fun Saturday matinee movie and to this day, still a fun Saturday Matinee movie...grab a big bucket of popcorn, turn your brain off and have some cheesy fun...
"Summer's End" tells the story of a retired black doctor (Jones) who buys lakeside property in Georgia and finds himself reliving a long buried but not forgotten past. With the look of a made-for-tv flick and a somewhat obvious screenplay, "Summer's End", an earnest drama built around the Jones character's relationship with a young boy, serves as a reminder that racial prejudice in American lives on. A good watch for all.
This is without a doubt the worst movie I have EVER seen (accept, I have yet to see Manos).Could the plot (if any) be any worse? They should have the scale be a zero on this movie, because I would rather put that instead of a one (because it doesn't even amount to a one). I think I probably have made my point pretty clear by now. Thank you.
I saw this at the San Francisco independent film festival, and it was totally contrived and boring. It was intended to shock the audience, I was just shocked on how slow and unimaginative this supposively innovative movie was. I won't give it away, but will only say that you will be disappointed if you decide to watch the whole movie through. It certainly does not get better as it drags on.
I loved this movie. Since viewing her in "The Parent Trap" last year, Lindsay Lohan has become one of my favorite actresses. She has some of the most incredible talent at age 14. Tyra Banks also did a fine job at portraying the doll named Eve. Wonder if this movie will come out on either VHS or DVD? Like all movies that appeared on "Wonderful World of Disney", this probably will.
If you are interested in being an independent filmmaker, this is a movie to see. The movie as a whole, from the unusual abduction to the plight of the sadistically minded heroine fighting the kidnapper and herself, brings a vision to the screen that holds both a humorous and twisted tone. Don't be surprised to feel awkward, frustrated, terrorized, and satisfied simultaneously when you catch this one. Cheers!
I had no trouble believing the May/October romance. It was Sarandon's rude, crude, arrogant, and tacky behavior at the Thanksgiving dinner that made me wonder how the hero could stand her. (Sarandon so often seems to play that kind of a self-righteous character.) Spader was compelling in this film--at least until the last ridiculous scene. That was too much, and killed the glow of the ending for me. Still...an engrossing movie.
Clint Eastwood stars as Wes Block a police officer who hunts a serial killer who targets prostitutes who he handcuffs. However Eastwood finds it hard to be a police officer in the red light district because his urges get the better of him. Some good acting from Eastwood and Bujold elevate this one above mediocrity, but some interest still remains especially since the serial killer plot angle offers some good ideas.
I'm really not sure how I wound up watching this one; After all, I despised the first movie. But somehow I always wind up watching the Disney Channel. And I have to say that I was really impressed by this one! It was just... different than the first. I thought the characters were more developed, and they weren't acting like idiots. And the plot... wow, this one actually had a plot.
A great film, and quite scary, specially for Tavernier's view over the media (television here, but just replace that word, and nothing will be different), in a not so far future. Sad, because was Romy Schneider's last film. She, and Harvey Keitel, are in the leading roles, under Tavernier's direction the two in top form. In a way, this was ahead of other future "prophecy films", sure one of the best.
If you grew up in the 80's, you can see why this movie still is a great classic! Great acting from Tom Hanks and Daryl Hannah and a story line that can be taken funny as well as seriously. If you didn't see this movie in the 80's you probably won't appreciate it that much. I would rank it with other greats such as Teen Wolf, Heathers, etc. "Behold, the mermaid!"..lol..
This thirty-second short from 1903 shows demons burning women alive in. Melies had it hand-tinted and the colors are quite startling and alive. When I compare it to modern scenes of horror -- the hordes of undead in THE MUMMY returns, for example -- it comes off very well. Take a look. Your great-grandparents may not have known anything about Gangsta Rap, but they got to see an occasional good flick.
I watched this with my roommate Saturday night and I must admit that it had me on the edge of my seat, until the very end. The special effects and camera work is very impressive. It is what it is, a fun movie that has some redeeming qualities. Believe me, I've seen worse and some that weren't this fun. This is definately not a keeper but it should be viewed once.
As a horror film I don't think they come any cheesier. The reason I watched the movie was for a good laugh, and it provided just that. Apparently this type of "horror" scares people. They used disgusting ideas and visions to try to get a scare out of you. For me it just made me laugh. However if you want a good laugh check it out, you wont be let down.
Clive Barker did a good job on the original Candyman. It was truly a cut above most horror movies. The second movie was mediocre at best in my opinion but this one was just horrendous. There is no suspense at all in this movie and the acting is deplorable. Donna D'Errico is soft on the eyes but too bad she talks. Lets hope this is the last sequel to this series.
His Girl Friday is one of the rare comic films that is not only hilarious but actually changed how films are made (or at least written). Director Howard Hawks' adaptation of The Front Page was the first time that lines were written specifically to be overlapped and Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell grab hold of those lines and never let go. This film is full speed comedy that never lets up.
This is a suspenseful, atmospheric film noir that is well worth checking out. I'd only seen Payne in musicals, but here he has a real understated intensity as a World War II vet out to clear his name. (In looks and affect he bears a resemblance to Kevin Spacey.) Preston Foster and a young Lee Van Cleef fill out the nest-of-vipers cast nicely. The wordless opening sequence is especially well done.
I've ready some comments by other IMDB users that have disliked this movie. I don't want to spoil the movie for you, if you in fact am reading this but have yet to watch this movie. I loved the movie. This is NOT your standard slasher-type-horror movie. Go watch the movie for yourself. Have an open mind and remember, you're watching it for entertainment. (ie. don't nitpick every little detail)
I've seen this 4-part film at once (230 min.) and surprisingly it wasn't tiring or boring at all. On the contrary, the movie caught my attention readily, as it tells this story very well. Alex Kingston is great in the part of this young woman who struggles to be a wealthy gentlelady, even if it requires surrendering her virtue in any way. It's a wonderful movie and I strongly recommend it.
As the father of young man who died of AIDS before we really knew much about this disease, I was deeply moved by this touching story of a young man and his sister and their relationship to their mother and grandmother. This is the kind of story for which Hallmark Hall of Fame is noted and they did not fail again to bring us some of best of TV drama available.
Unintentionally funny & painfully dumb. Makes the original Iron Eagle look like Citizen Kane. Why anyone would agree to participate in this is beyond me. They probably could have gotten more money and respect selling Amway. I watched this movie at 3:00 in the morning because nothing else was on TV. I wish I would have watched the Weather Channel. I think this movie was trying to suck out my soul.
I liked it. I love McMurtry and I think the movie does a good job recreating his whacky characters. Although the teenage year crises are exaggerated, anyone with teenagers can appreciate the trials and tribulations of those years. The way in which all the children turn out to be good people proves that the early years of development can help young people (and parents and grandparents) to survive the difficult teens.
Perfectly acceptable Irwin Allen drama, with some funny special effects - I particularly like it when they put a water tank in front of the lens, trying to simulate a high-water mark for a "dry shot" scene - and some even funnier acting. Culp is most amusing, still acting with more swagger than his career deserves, and Milner seems grouchy. Good location work doesn't always mix well with the stock footage.
To be honest, the ending of the Gundam Wing series was so anti-climactic that it was horrible. It did not fit with what the entire series had going for it throughout its run. The mecha are beautifully brought back again for one final hurrah. The story is engaging, the characters (though textbook heroes) are still well-written, and that's it. The series ends, and what a way to end it. Top notch.
My son asked me, after I told him I had walked out of this movie, if I had checked the rating. Obviously, I had not. From the very beginning there was pure filth coming from the mouths of all the characters. If you're looking for words that used to be only written on public bathroom walls and descriptions of the same, see this movie. Otherwise, save your money and stay home.
Ace Ventura is Jim's best movie.If you haven't seen any of Carrey's movies rent this one first.The other movies he did are good but they don't compare to this one. You know, i can't understand why some people didn't liked this movie.What's wrong with it, the faces he does the things he says is so funny. People who didn't like ace ventura are people who probably liked "The waterboy".Boooring....!!
I just re-watched this not too long ago, and was reminded again of the beauty of this film. The film opens with narrative by the late Richard Kiley, who plays the role of the elderly Matthew the Apostle. Compelling performances by Mr. Kiley and Bruce Marciano, among others, make this a film you can watch over and over. Also, the area they were filming in (Morrocco, I believe) is absolutely stunning.
I am a big fan of Jerry Lewis. "Cracking Up" in my opinion is not one of his best, but it still has some very funny bits, ie the waxy floor and very beginning. Although in some parts it drags on a little, this movie is worth seeing, especially if you are a Jerry Lewis fan. This movie lacks plot, but some of the bits make up for it. Grade: C+
The premise is ingenious: a man injected into the body of another man. Brilliant! The movie itself is crammed with wonderful twists and special effects. *Sigh* They just don't make them like this anymore. Great plot, great characters and a neat ending. I've seen this movie when it was quite young and I've just seen it again. It's still great! If you didn't see it yet, you really should!
I haven't read the other user comments but whoever did the summary for this film possibly hasn't seen it! It has absolutely nothing to do with a serial killer of women (the killer in question kills butchers because they kill animals) and Soper accuses his cousin Molyneux of having poisoned his (Molyneux's) wife. The whole thing is an absurdist's delight -- a French film set in a London that never was.
I just watched this one again. Damn it's good. A lot of people seem to have problems with possible plot errors, but I really wish they would look past those and see a great movie. When I saw this one in theaters I was so excited that my heart was racing. This movie really has just about everything. And the Garth Brooks song at the end is a nice finishing touch.
A fun filled Johnnie To bullet extravaganza. Andy Lau plays a stylish, over-the-top, film loving, movie scene reproducing assassin with a compulsion to be the number one hit man. His only problem is that another chic antihero already has that title. So an outrageous game of cat and mouse is played out with lots of humor and film related in-jokes as well as unique gun battles done with sexy cinematographic elan.
Tanguy made me laugh even though my understanding of French is far from perfect. The plot is simple - life in his parents Paris apartment is so pleasant Tanguy a post grad student is still there at 28 years old but his parents secretly want him out! Sabine Azema (Tanguys mother) was so funny that she really made the film for me. Don't miss it if you like to laugh!
AS far as I'm concerned this is Woody Allen at his best story telling about a NYC that we think we recollect from all those old movies. Woody has taken those old movies and with the help of an excellent cast and a twist and dash of Woody Allen's writing we are back in Brooklyn circa 1940. Always a mood lifter. This is on the comedy shelf of my film library.
Unbelieveably realistic. I had the same students in my school and they did nothing for four years except stand beside me at graduation. I have seen many teachers leave the profession under these same circumstances. But every one of them knows that in some way, large or small, a person has been helped because of them. Frankie Talbot was well played. The story itself was great. Hats off to all involved!
T.V. Movies are rarely as noteworthy as those we see on the silver screen, this collaboration is an exception. Sean Hayes depicted Jerry Lewis to a tee, and if he doesn't garner an Emmy nomination for this, then I decree the Emmys are fixed. Jeremy Northam also gave a stellar performance as the stoic Dean Martin. If you enjoy a good biographical epic, then this picture is definitely one to see.
Ahhhhhh! This is really cute, especially the cousins. Its message is subtle and not laid too thick. The evil spirit is really scary. Her voice drips with pure poison and you have to admit that the world would be terrible if nobody cared. The good characters have plenty of charm and personality. They're not cloying. You really care about what happens to them and that's what makes a good movie. 8/10
Quite simple story, touching and sensitive. Judy Davis is, well- brilliant, in the leading role, as are the rest of the cast. She makes you want to see more of her. The movie could have been longer, it is interesting what was cut from the novel. Fitting to the Australian plains the movie is plain and very inviting. PS Nicole Kidman looks just like Judy Davis does in this movie.
Joan Crawford's first talkie reveals her to be irresistibly sexy and personable, but her role is hamstrung by the inane plot and contrived dialogue. Unfortunately, this is characteristic of most early MGM talkies. Ernest Torrence is notable as the guardian of Joan's character, but the rest of the cast, Robert Taylor included, is submerged in the froth of this lightweight comedy. See it for Joan, but don't say you weren't warned.
This BBC TV miniseries version is, without a doubt, the best screen adaptation of the timeless novel. The storyline is as close to the book as could be expected, without major omissions. The language is carefully preserved, and when spoken by the excellent actors Sorcha Cusack and Michael Jayston, the book does come alive. What a tribute to Charlotte Bronte! Why, oh why, has it still not been released on video?!
With strong performances by all players, this was one of the best episodes of "Murder She Wrote". It was refreshing to watch a "Who done it" that wasn't easily solved in the first 10 minutes of the movie. Fionnula Flanagan's character, Margaret, kept Jessica's eyes rolling with her finger-snapping and explosive temper. The setting was beautiful giving one a sense of Ireland and it's people. Let's have more episodes, please.
The colors in this movie were exquisite. The scene showing the colored car bodies coming off the assembly line was a vividly stunning visual. The fact that I was able to see it in an old fashioned movie theater with a HUGE screen surely made the difference in my appreciation of this movie. Not too many movies make the audience want to cheer out loud for the hero, this one did!
Tom and Jerry are in Texas as cowboys. When a beautiful female cat arrives Tom falls instantly in love and tries to be really cool. Of course Jerry makes sure he has not got a single chance. This is one of the funniest cartoons from Tom and Jerry. Every joke is a good one and the songs used are quite good as well and perfect for the story. Simply great.
i don't know what everyone has against this movie. sure, it isn't the best thing i have ever seen and probably won't win any academy awards, but still...the return of the crocodile dundee character was wonderful. linda kozlowski has been missed from the big screen as well. what great great performances husband and wife played in their recurring roles. i urge anyone and everyone to go see this movie.
"Night of the Scarecrow" is a typical horror movie from 90's.The production is slick and polished,the acting ranks from acceptable to lame and the special effects are mostly cool.There are some graphic gore scenes,so the gore-hounds will not be disappointed.It's a decent movie however I prefer earlier "Scarecrows"(1988,William Wesley),which is not only gory,but also creepy as hell.In conclusion,this is sometimes nonsensical,but quite enjoyable picture so you should give it a chance.
This is a touching film because it's centred on a man that you will initially dislike and may continue to dislike. That doesn't matter though because it's about non-conformists being able to fall in love without sacrificing their individuality. That's what sets it apart from your typical romantic slush: this is the most genuine, uplifting film I have seen in ages. It isn't formulaic, and it works: future script-writers take note!
Suspect is a tremendously portrayed film chock full of suspense, thrills, and a tad of dry humor. Liam Neeson does an excellent job of playing a mute/deaf person, and is extremely believable. This movie is a thrill-ride and a splendid movie to watch when you feel like hunkering down on the couch with a bowl of popcorn and an icy cold coke and just relaxing. I give this movie 5 stars!
I saw this movie when I was in the "game" that was played in the movie. I was with a group of men in a foreign land though, not in England with a group of women. Lord knows I would have preferred the latter. I have not seen this movie since the 70's and would love to acquire a copy of it. What does it take to get a DVD made?
One of my personal faves from the early 80`s.This insane tale of teen rebellion and television abuse features an intensely wild and animated performance from Robin Johnson as the juvenile delinquent come rock star Nicky Marauda,and some wickedly understated(for a change)camp from Tim Curry as the enigmatic yet highly opportunistic D.J.Features some great new wave music from XTC,The Ramones,Gary Numan and others set against the backdrop of NYC`s seedier side.Great fun.
In my opinion, the actors have been chosen perfectly. Malcolm McDowell is a wonderful bad guy. Michael Pare plays some kind of twilight character, especially his love for Shakespeare is interesting. Whom I prefer most, is Dean Devlin in his role: an insecure, but funny young man. I like the whole atmosphere of this film - it`s dark, but still hopeful. It`s more than a simple action-sci-fi-film, as I showed above.
Why is that when a director decides to make a "Cool" film they completely ignore the things that make films enjoyable, ie a decent story and interesting characters. The Doom Generation has no real story, it is just a road movie in its most basic form, the characters just stumble from one scene to the next. Basically it suffers from the worst complaint a film can suffer it is just boring.
The hypothesis of Chabrol: that life in society is only possible if it is based on lies, in the film, is a total lie! Also, it's interesting that the narrator at the actual time of these problems: pedophilia, unemployment, female cops (on television), was neurotic. It seems contrived in many situations: the infidelity of Vivianne (the nude painting of her), the assassin (the photo that was found in the assassin's bag).
If you are after a movie with humour, a touch of romance, and a new twist on the hero undercover cop, then this is the movie. Liam Neeson shows he can equally well play the frightened neurotic as the solid heroes of Star Wars and Michael Collins. Sandra Bullock is the executive producer, as well as playing the "Queen of Enemas". A movie that leaves you feeling good at the end.
This movie is worthless. You can tell it is a unfinished movie. So they added lots of nudity and flashbacks from American Streetfighter 1 to make it a full length movie. But even with all the added on stuff, it still only runs 72 minutes long. It has nothing to do with the original American Streetfighter, which was a good movie. Not even hardcore Gary Daniels fans should waste their time.
I watched this movie years ago, force to by my ex-girlfriend, and I can tell you this: this movie sucked! Chick flick movies suck! Is that the only thing Hollywood makes nowadays? Anyway did I say this movie really sucked? I'd rather work in godless Texas again, than watch this ugh! movie. 1 (I wish a 0) out of 10. By the way did I say this movie exceptionally sucked?
Lorenzo Lamas returns as Renegade cop "Soldier" Jack Kelly who declares war on drug dealers who are cutting the drugs with rat poison in this undistinguished yet semi-fun sequel. Well what can we say? Snakeeater II:The Drug Buster boasts good actionscenes, and some good performances from Larry B. Scott and Ron Palillo but overall Snakeeater II:The Drug Buster is a mediocre movie. At least it's better then it's astonishingly bad predecessor.
A tale told by an idiot etc... Boorman, who at times shows some genius (The General) seemed more interested in cashing in on the franchise than adding to it. It's hard to believe they made a third Exorcist (a surprising success, all things considered.) Von Sydow was wasted. The only bright spot is Linda Blair, whose porn career is prefigured by her outrageous chest, scanty attire, and acting skills.
I watched this with a good friend of mine. The acting and the characters were sound. The cast is loaded with proven talent. But these do not make up for pedestrian script writing. The whole movie became cliché loaded upon common cliché in an endless pause of predictable moments and plot setups. Not a single surprise to define the work. In my buddies words, "Has anything happened yet?".
Immediately after this movie was finished, I wanted to find out how I could get back the hour-and-a-half of my life that I wasted watching this stereotypical, unimaginative, poorly written, poorly directed mess. In addition it boasts one of the worst endings ever in the history of movies. Please don't waste a fraction of your life watching this film. Like me, you will not be able to get that time back.
This movie was a good idea to bring the disease of Scleroderma to light but it depicted one of the worse case scenarios of the disease. Being a sufferer of Scleroderma and having a brother who died from the disease I was scared beyond belief at what could happen to me. In talking with other Scleroderma sufferers some of them felt the very same way I did. Scared and concerned.
A big waste of time is all you'll get out of this bag. I rented this hoping for a suspenseful movie with maybe a few believable scenes, but boy was I ever dissapointed. I think the title should've been "Camping 101", or something to that effect. Well, anyway, stay the hell away from this film. It numbs you to death. Don't be afraid of big foot, be afraid of this crap!!
Once again, Hollywood, or a counter part depicts history through the eyes of the camera. The portrayl of the Inspector is so far from the truth, it is absurbed!! The physician to the royal family was never seriously considered as a suspect. Prince Albert never fathered a child from a prostitute. The real killer was a man by the name of James Maybrick.
I am a HUGE John Wayne fan. But I couldn't watch this one all the way through. The dialog is so stiff and stilted and full of anti-communist cliches. It is so plainly a propaganda piece, I don't understand why the USAF wouldn't let it be released for 6 years. But after finding out Howard Hughes directed it ... I now know why he went into seclusion in his last days!
ok, Tank is under the curse, and he is making a puppet, which is going to contain his life essence... I understand this part. what I don't understand is why is he carving a humanoid body, when he ends up as a TANK!?!? I Don't get it.... also the use of old footage for the puppets is just bad. I usually enjoy full moon films.. . I did not enjoy this.....
ok, Tank is under the curse, and he is making a puppet, which is going to contain his life essence... I understand this part. what I don't understand is why is he carving a humanoid body, when he ends up as a TANK!?!? I Don't get it.... also the use of old footage for the puppets is just bad. I usually enjoy full moon films.. . I did not enjoy this.....
There were no surprises in this completely unoriginal erotic thriller, but then again, who watches these films for the plot? That having been said, there is nothing even remotely suspenseful in this movie, so my enjoyment rested entirely on how entertained I was by the sex scenes. But even though Rochelle Swanson is an exceptionally voluptuous woman, not even her wonderful body was enough to keep me interested in the film.
This is truly one of the worst films ever made. The characters were pitiable and the entire movie was a connection of cliches and formula subplots. The one memorable scene in the movie wasn't even that funny. My wife and I really felt ripped off. Since I'd MUCH PREFER to see "Plan 9 From Outer Space", voted by many as the worst movie ever, this should be dead last!!
I must agree with the previous comment: This movie is a girls-movie. Nothing wrong about that, but men (or just everybody) without taste for blooming colors and sticky romance should avoid this film. Truly this must be the low-point of the wonderful Cate Blanchets career. In my view, this film is perfect for the sunday 5pm slot. I would have liked to see the gender of the positive commentators below.
Perhaps I shouldn't be commenting on this film, as I couldn't sit through the entire showing. I rented this movie, because I am always drawn to movies of the 40's/50's era. Well, that was a mistake. Should have learned my lesson with Mulholland Falls, but this one took "bad" movie to a whole new level. There's not much to say about this movie, except "avoid at all costs".
Cheap (and I mean CHEAP; I don't know what they paid the actors, but the rest of the budget must have been around 50 dollars; it was shot on KODAK film stock!) softcore thriller is mostly talk, with minimal horror elements and a monotonous performance by Monique Parent. The director plays so much with the lighting that you would think the house where the action takes place is a disco. (*1/2)
This was the worst movie I have ever seen based on a book. Everything was messed up. There were ten survivors in the end not six. So much was left out of it. Mr.Tolken would probably not like this at all. I was so angry when I watched this movie that I threw it in the trash after I broke it in a million pieces and cut the tape to shreds.
Classic Warner Bros. cartoons directed by Friz Freleng are mercilessly cut and spliced into a "movie" format and mixed with framing sequences animated in 1980-81. The latter-day sequences are a too-obvious distraction from the classics, and the classics deserve to be seen in their entirety. The final sequence ("the Oswald Awards") makes the most sense, but overall this was just a bad idea. If you can, watch the complete shorts instead.
neat little horror/exploitation flick about mutated frogs/salmon ?! the monsters are cheap ripoffs of the Alien creatures but were done by EFX genius Rob Bottin, clearly an early effort. lots of jiggly young thangs pop up throughout the flick and the monsters serve as a good excuse to rip off their bikinis. furthermore, there is a small raft of established b-list actors/actresses that make it interesting. good for late night viewing
Ten years ago I loved this type of movies; Action, SciFi, Van Damme. It should have everything an 18 year old would love in a movie. But even back then this particular movie stroke me as not being a very good one. Yesterday I watched Cyborg again, and oh my god...... this is by far the worst movie I have ever seen, and I have seen quite a few.
This film is awful. I have never seen as many half naked men in underwear hugging, fighting, kicking as in this homosexual science fiction kick-box phantasy - which tries to come across as straight. Nice try ! The characters are constantly looking over each others well defined and hard bodies: "where are your cigar burns ?" and "you such a hunk"..... it´s actually a gay story set in a bunker.....
Nothing here has been improved upon from the original the first remake, and if you've seen either, then this is completely unsatisfying. Of all the actors in it, Brenda Vaccaro is the only one I think anyone would rent or tune in to see, not that this does her or anyone else in the cast justice. There is not one moment that you won't be wishing you were watching the original.
This incredibly inept (supposed) horror film is so badly done that one might think that everyone involved (cast & crew) created this mess just to upset the general movie-going public and to sit back and laugh at us for trying to watch it! ...either that or it was created as some sort of tax dodge... Please don't waste your time on this 0 out-of 10 trash...(a.k.a. "Bram Stoker's The Mummy")
I hate to see Terry Farrell's talents go to waste. Terry Farrell played Major Agatha Doyle in this movie, but only to put her talents to waste. The movie was so boring that if I didn't have Terry Farrell, it would flop. Same storyline as Agatha Christie's Ten Little Niggers, and honestly, I was bored to death by this book. I give the 4/10 just because of Terry Farrell.
Ughh. I hate Monster on the Campus. Hate it hate it hate it. Hate the stupid plot. Hate how everybody always enters the scientist's office through the door marked "Use Other Door" (or maybe it was "Do Not Enter"...). Hate how the scientist KEEPS MANIFESTING THE MONSTER, despite having no reason to do so. This movie isn't entertaingly bad. It's just bad. Please, spare yourself the brain cells, and avoid it.
contrary to some of the comments here-- this movie is not hilarious. the plot was great, but many of the jokes were wasted by some horrific dialogue and awkward english. the better talents like Gerard Dep. and Renaud's character Zero are largely unused in favor of some bumbling fat guy who was torture to watch.... good direction-- just bad, bad, baaaad acting/dialog and a waste of some good characters
The four points come from good cinematography, sound-production, and special effects. Nomore points from me... this was boring, predictable, used only clichés... hair, phone, somebody running out of focus... For serious horror-addicts nothing to be seen here. But I've seen worse... I didn't get scared at all... I like black metal, horrorcore, ... and other disturbing sh*t. OOOooohhooohhhohohohhohhh.... Oooohhohoh... Man the phone part just sux =D
I have seen true ULTRA-VIOLENCE in films many times in my life, but the last 10 minutes of this movie surpasses anything I have ever seen or imagined. BLOOD SPLATTERING every which way in frighteningly large volumes. This is the GORIEST movie I've ever seen. Make sure to get the German Director's Cut (81 minutes) ---FSK ab 18---, and you will love it!!! :-) Gruß an: Tony, Andy and Tobi.
Clint Eastwood ruined this film. By adding a storyline (with his real-life daughter) he deluded the charm of the great book on which it was based. Gone was the fascination of the city of Savannah and its inhabitants. Jude Law, a fabulous actor, is totally wasted in a part that was so small, I didn't even realize it was him until the closing credits. Read the book and forget the movie.
I kept waiting around for something redeeming to happen - it doesn't. As far as I could see, this was a totally pointless movie about a loser who never learns anything about himself. He is a self centered, self pitying person who never "gets it" - i.e., he is the problem. It makes me wonder - Who would put up money to make a movie like this? This was so bad!!!
This film makes no sense at all. I gave it a 2 because the actors did not phone in their parts; but a 2 is a gift. Unless you want something really really bad to view -- so that you know just where the bottom of the pile is, please don't rent this film. Rent (or buy) instead the videos of the Television series. What were the writers thinking?
Completely pointless film. At best, too regional for the rest of the world to understand. Nothing becomes clear, the director's intentions, whatever they may be (if any) don't come out. And worst of all: it pretends to be intelligent. What amazes me most is that this being his first film, Moretti was allowed to make a second one. Don't waste your time with this totally obscure film, life is too short!
This is very easily in contention for the worst movie ever. Painful to watch. I was tempted to get up and leave the theater as I endured the pain. The only thing that kept me in the theater was I was there with three friends. Later when we got out of the theater we all commented that the movie was completely bad and that we should have walked out on it.
Hi, I saw Double Take. It was complete and utter garbage. I was so sick to my stomach and was mad that i wasted money on it. It was completely stupid with an impossible plot to follow, and the only parts that were funny had been extremely over used in the commercials. I dont want a yardburger, cult 45, or to ever see that that godless sick twisted movie ever agian.
I love this movie; although not amongst Bergman's best, it is very funny in parts and should not be shunned. Maybe slightly overlong - each time I watch it I wait impatiently for the lift-scene near the end of the film - but very much worthwhile. Indeed, the scene in the lift with Gunnar Bjornstrand (great actor) and Eva Dahlberg is fascinating, funny and frivolous - for the year it was made.
this is the funniest mob movie ever made. robert de niro and billy crystal are sensational together! they should star in another movie together. how can we forget the scene in the bar where de niro tries to explain why he cant get a "hard on", or jelly and billy crystals little conversation in the washroom. this is a great movie, and i recommend it to anyone who wants a good laugh!
This movie is practically my all time favorite. At least favorite comedy. It is absolutely brilliant, with lovely actors hilarious script, everything really. Jez (Stuart Townsend) is very cute and just incredible. Georgie (Kate Beckinsale) is almost like I would have wanted to be if I could choose. I love this movie so much, and I laughed just as much when I'd seen it three times as after the first.
I really like this movie. It is a very clever movie and has a great sense of humour. I can't compare it to any American comedy. This kind of humour is completely different. This movie is for those who want to use their brain while watching and not only laugh. I really like European cinema and this movie as well as Run Lola Run prove that European cinema can go on. 10/10
"Patti" is a strange and gutsy little flick with dialogue that sounds improvised, but in a good way - this is how real people talk. Give credit to the actors for getting naked, too...appropriate in a film about stripping down barriers and getting to the core behind the ugly things we say. Besides, it's kinda fun, and short enough to hold your attention. Nice one when your date bails on you.
I only paid $1.00 to see this movie, and I still felt ripped off. I stuck around, assuming it would get better, or at least hoping I could laugh at it's badness, but neither happened. It was not cheesy enough to laugh at, and it was so terrible I actually experienced physical pain while watching it. The talents of Del Toro and Walken were completely wasted in this lame excuse for entertainment.
This thriller was better than i thought. It was a real breathtaking and gripping story. Congratulations to Leelee Sobieski, Trevor Morgan and to the director Dan Shepard for this top performance! I rent the movie on dvd and i will buy it of course for my best of dvd collection. If you liked this one don´t miss "Joy Ride" starring also Leelee Sobieski, trust me you won't be disappointed. I gave 8/10.
This film was so horrible, I'm not even going to go into detail about the plot. All I will say, is that it's a poorly acted, cheesy, predictable "thriller" that, unfortunately, is not trying to be comical. Young actor Trevor Morgan demonstrates to the audience with grace that you can get acting jobs even if you have no talent. I garauntee you you will be pointing and laughing by the last scene.
This movie is a great, fun time. There's nothing serious about it, and there are no great characters or plot twists. What you get instead is an enjoyable "sit back and relax" kind of movie. "The Wizard of Speed and Time" is a monument to the lost art of stop-motion animation. The potential of this medium is fully exploited here, with some truly amazing special effects. It's also a very funny movie.
The film's basic philosophy is "We have three good looking women in shorts, so who needs things like plot, character development, and anything to endear them to you." The obviously staged catfights are delplorable at best. In the scene where the woman gets thrown into the water, watch the water go back and forth from being in the swamp (when shown from a distance) and the local YWCA pool (when close up.)
This movie is excellent if you want to see a Stealth Fighter take off from different angles, and if you get a kick out of watching F-16's rear. Otherwise, stay away. The script is bad, the acting is bad, the directing is bad, and the improbability level is soaring. Only plus in the margin is to Bok Yun Chon for being beautiful and to Marcus Aurelius (i think...) for being partially funny.
I rented this with a friend of mine and I must say that it is so so so sad that some stupid video distributor could possibly find this film decent enough to release. Or BAD ENOUGH! It doesn't even serve as camp value or a "so bad it's good" movie. Just an awful movie, the worst Ive ever seen! 0 out of 10, 0 out of 10, 0 OUT OF 10!!!
Because the only redeemable quality in this film is Jason Lee. His brand of comedy is one of those who you either love or hate. David Schwimmer is the worst I have ever seen him in this movie. Go see All the rage if you want to see him as a good actor. Even his work on Friends is better. This movie is only to be watched if your girlfriend makes you.
I think that even if I was not a huge fan of both leading men in this film, I would have loved it. It was entirely impossible to turn the movie off. It started off as a great concept and just got better with the characters' humor and realism. I am currently recommending it to all my friends and family (already a favorite of my mom, brother, niece, and nephew) Thoroughly enjoyable.
Allegedly the only sex film (actually, there is nudity but no sex- on the part of the humans, anyway) ever made with live humans AND puppets. With a classic smut director at the helm, more weirdness than even Meet The Feebles and TWO cast members from Blood Sucking Freaks- how can you lose?? Well, OK, actually it sucks, but you know you still have to have it- if you can get it!
Well let me go say this because i love history and I know that movie is most important piece in our history and it was beautifully executed movie and Julia Stiles became my #1 favorite actress after seeing her in "The '60s" and i own this movie in my video box with many movies and i suggest you to look for her new movies in the future and try to enjoy history!!!!
As I saw the movie I was really shocked to see what the 60's was about. I know I may be wrong about some things, but it seemed like the 60's really had an effect on people of the time. Some people said they would want to go back to the 60's. From what I saw I would say yes for the excitement and no for the outcome. But that's my opinion.
This movie is a great example of a movie that was done so well that it holds up even after over 50 years. I only became aware of it when I checked into imdb to see the reviews for the recent remake and was directed to check out the original which was at the library. This movie captured the essence of the fight world, the acting was great and the ending suspenseful
There are no words to describe this movie. I found it hillarious and heartwarming. The two principle actors were great as their roles as Ben and Andie. Kate Hudson was great at driving Ben nuts. I laughed for days. I loved the soundtrack too. It had classics and modern day classics. I feel this movie will go down as a classic with such films as Pretty Woman and Dirty Dancing.
For an Indie movie this had it's moments, my girlfriend liked the coffee I loved the redneck;god he was funny! The fact he grossed out my girlfriend rocked, rent it and look for the ring. Good job guys I try and support Indie Movies simply because I am tired of the same rehash Hollywood spoon feeds us. For the love of man this is at least a hundred times better than survivor.
Masterful French comedy. Brilliant visuals, and fantastic use of music and choreography alone make this a joy to watch. But Delicatessen has so much more, which may only be revealed after repeated viewing. It is moving, funny and thought-provoking all at once, excelling in every aspect a film should. At least as good as Caro and Jeunet's next film, which is often put above this, the City of Lost Children. Exceptional viewing.
This movie is soooooo underrated. It should have won all it's oscar nominations and should have, at least, been nominated for best picture. I loved(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) this movie. Cher puts on an extraordinary performance, as usual, and proves that she can act, this being her first film. Kurt Russle, i am surprised to say, wasn't nominated for an oscar. This movie was great. If you haven't been able to see it, see it!!!!!!!!
I watched "Annihilator" a few months ago and although its strange and unpredictable, enough happened to make me continue watching it till the end. Its quite a good movie and a clever idea although where they got the idea from is clear to see with the dinamatard robots having red eyes just like in the classic movie "The Terminator". Overall, I would recommend this movie to anyone. Enjoyable, rating 7/10.
I thoroughly enjoyed all of the film. The two young actors are well cast. What originally made the movie stand out for me was the sound track. I had never seen,or heard, a film that used the music of Vaughn Williams before. I was flicking channels one night when the music made me stop and I watched the rest of the film. I have watched it twice since. Gloomy, moving and fascinating.
I must say, that I liked this movie. Of course, there are some flaws, but they are minor, so I don`t even want to mention them. But Antikiller rocks! I liked the book, and the screenplay was also a very fine job. Fast paced, with good performances all around. Honest and breathtaking action sequences. If you do want to see a good russian action movie, see Antikiller. My vote: 7 from 10.
This is an excellent film. The character development is delicately wrapped in the plot and very richly told. What unfolds is a very sensitive portrayal of the loneliness and hunger that drive a sometimes unfounded sense of optimism drowning in indulgence. Everything about this movie struck a positive chord within me. It's flawless, meaning, not one scene made me wince. Steve B is a both a tremendous writer, actor and director.
He's probably one of the most underrated actors out there. Maybe because he chooses quality independent films and not the big money movies? I dunno, but I think he's great. And Trees Lounge was one of the best movies I've seen in the last three years. Great acting all around, Debi Mazar, Daniel Baldwin, Anthony Lapaglia and CHLOë SEVIGNY. Check out PALMETTO for more of her. 10/10 I give this movie
This movie is generally scary, especially if you enjoy movies where the theme is being "kidnapped or killed by serial killers and/or hillbillies". Kim Delaney is a hottie in this one too, but the typical dumb mistakes by the city slickers leads them to get chased all over god's creation, somewhere in backwoods Arkansas. When you receive warnings from the locals not to go somewhere, you should LISTEN!!! Overall, a must see!
I liked this film a lot. The story, based on real events, is tragic and beautiful. Juliette Binoche, IMO one of the finest actresses around, plays the wife of the captain in charge of a jail. She is determined to save the murderer housed there awaiting execution. Daniel Auteuil is absolutely wonderful as her husband, who loves his wife beyond all reason and common sense. It is performance that most stands out.
A fascinating tale of lust, jealousy and mourning. Well acted and skillfully written, it shows why British cinema is best at giving us a view of the dark side of human nature. This film is not for the squeamish, and those of a delicate stomach should close their eyes at the first sound of "Anyone Who Had A heart", and not open them until it ends. Great use of old (1960's)songs.
Maybe it's just because I like Dan Aykroyd: I have never seen a movie with him that I did not enjoy. I decided to put in a few lines of appreciation for this one, considering the bad reviews read here. It certainly is not the ultimate masterpiece of comedy but I found it thoroughly enjoyable, and despite the fact that I was very tired it kept watching it until 2am.
I don't know why people actually liked this movie just for a bit? Maybe because of the big breasted teens? There is NO plot, almost nothing is happening and it drags on and on. I'm a big B-movie fan and I don't care if the acting or the fx are bad (sometimes it makes movies even more fun!) but nothing is happening in this movie. So AVOID this one! I warned you!
I have enjoyed this movie ever since I first saw it in 1980. Just wish the laser disc or the video where still available. Also if you can find the paperback the last two chapters will clear things up for you or will confuse you even more.Check it out. If someone has any knowledge of where to obtain a laser disc or vhs video PLEASE post the place on the message board.
This film embodies all the reasons to watch independent films. In the Company of Men is a sharp-as-a-razor black comedy that takes a disturbing look at the darker regions of both the male psyche and the corporate system. This film will challenge and disturb some and totally put off others, but if films that dont just whip out tired old cliches are your style then don't look past this little gem.
the movie is quite a bore. cannot believe that ed harris wasted himself in this brainless plot. a cheap attempt to recreate some of the magic of pretty woman, but without the class, conviction or the charisma of the former. watch the movie only if you're desperate to see melanie griffith in yet another role as a skimpily clad sexpot. she's quite good in the role though. a stupid 4!!
Bad, bad, bad... "Fire on the Amazon" stands as an example of how NOT to make a movie. The writing is bad, the editing and continuity (especially in the first 10 minutes of the movie) are shockingly poor...really amateur stuff. The characters are generally unsympathetic and their dialog is turgid and forced. The plot had possibility, but once someone started writing the screenplay for this, it was all downhill. Save your money.
I watched this movie when I was young (around 6) and rented it numerous times when going to the video store. Now, about 14 years later I still love it and am looking forward to it coming out on DVD so I can own it. Not sure whether it was the tomboy aspect, or the fact that she had a wolf for a best friend, but it was a definite childhood favorite.
There is not much to say about this except to warn other people not to waste their money on it. The story-telling and the directing was so obnoxious. It was a total no-brainer. A duh..movie that only hit my vagal nerve and made me nauseous. There is a long time since I have walked out of a movie but this one made it. Better luck to the actors and producers next time.
Unfortunately meant as a drama, this movie is so bad, you'll laugh out loud. Dyan Cannon plays the seductive wife of one of the doctors, who has apparently slept with every one of her friends husbands. Who is to blame when she gets punished? An all star cast includes Carrol O'Connor as the impatient husband of an alcoholic (who actually says "I'll drink to that" at every opportunity). Don't miss this one!
While watching The Wise Little Hen, I had to keep reminding myself that this short was made in 1934. The animation has held up well over the years and is as good as anything you'll see. The colors paint a bright picture and the attention to detail is amazing. This film is also an important milestone as it marks the first appearance of Donald Duck, it remains one of his best films.
This was a surprisingly accurate adaptation of part of Fleming's novel and is the debut of Bond on film. There took a few minor *ahem* liberties with the nationality of our favorite superspy and this is a TV movie from the 1950's. If you're lucky enough to ever see this, you won't really be thinking about that. You'll be like wow, I can't believe I actually got to see this!
When I saw the movie picture I thought it was something like Alien or maybe like Jurassic Park, but I found a movie that is completely dissapointing, with an high level of violence/gore unnecesary, a stupid end, a creature that is ridiculous, etc, etc. If I have to say something good about this movie is that it taught me when I have to safe my money instead to rent a stupid movie.
Marlene Dietrich plays in a plot device which is not so unusual - an actress pretending to be more than one person in a film (Garbo did it in "Two Faced Woman", Katherine Hepburn in "Quality Street", etc.). But the inimitable Dietrich lends her own very special charms to the idea. Many amusing scenes - one of my favorites is where Marlene throws her gorgeous wedding dress into a river! Zounds!
A better-than-many serial killer movie. I liked it well enough to see it twice on cable and even to recommend it. I found it dark and brooding. The acting was more than acceptable and, although the genius of the child was, perhaps, not completely credulous, it also wasn't totally unbelievable. The build up to the finale was well planned and the last fifteen minutes kept me on the edge of my seat.
this is kind of a spin off of fatal fury. here, we have a big corporation, weird loves between family members, and generous jiggilation from the babes. now, i know this isn't a very good title, but its fun to watch when you get the chance. the animation is good, the story is ok, and the fighting scenes are radical. overall, this is a title to see, but probably not to own.
I love this movie! I watched it for the first time a few days ago and I must say, my breath was taken away by it. I'm not really big into sci-fis or anything like that, but this movie was excellent. It has Sci-Fi, action, drama, thriller, suspense written all over it, all bundled into one great feel-good movie of the decade. One of my new all time favorites. Get it today!
David Lynch over all is not a bad director, this movie proves it. I just wish he would make more movies like this than movies like Mulholland Dr. If you wish to see a David Lynch movie that is going to make you feel bad, angry, and all sorts of emotions then watch this one. If you wish to waste your time watch his other movies.... **** out of *****
they make this film seem as in its just an art-house good college try for martin scorsese, who'd become one of the best directors (who has never yet gotten an oscar) of our time - but i think this film is fantastic on its own. i really can't explain it much except that watching this movie is like reading kerouac, you'll either love it (get it) or hate it (not understand it)...
Why is this movie ranked so poorly on IMDB? I just saw it at the Hawaii Film Festival, where it was sold out, and it is such a good film. If you're going to post a negative, please explain why. There has to be a reason this film has been not only invited to show at festivals across the country, but that it has also been winning awards at several of them.
There have been times that Werner Herzog stood for quality films. Is this time long past? To my taste Scream of Stone is a terrible bore: soap-like acting with a cliché deep-voice performance of Sutherland, a cliché thin story based on the cliché opposition of intuitive versus experienced climbers, a failure to attain the cliché excitement of cliffhangers even even when the cliffs are at their steepest. Once more: a terrible bore!
How bad is this film??? How bad is Chinese water torture or the Spanish Inquisition. The modern day equivalent to these beauties would be forcing someone to watch 'Get Carter' over and over again. It was terrible from start to finish and I cannot say a single good thing about it except the ensemble cast was interesting and one or two of the cast did their best to salvage the wreck. 2/10
I've said it before,Adam Sandler does not do great films.He merely wants to entertain us.Though there are times when he has failed miserably,this is not the case with The Wedding Singer.While it does showcase Sandler's usual juvenile humor,this is by far his most likable character,even to date,and the chemistry between him and Drew Barrymore is undeniable. Though this film is not flawless by any means,it is funny and charming just the same.
I love this movie. It's one of the few romantic comedies that work. Simply because you really want Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore to get together. They have such wonderful chemistry together. Plus the characters they play are so likable. My respect for Adam Sandler stems from this movie. Not very many male comedians can show enough versatility to do a romantic movie. Plus I love 80's music. Highly recommend to all.
Probably , this is the most incredible picture i 've ever seen. Wintterbottom following the way of a fantastic Leigh , could show the autentic atmosphere of the cold London . Every person who has been there , can notice how the director can give us a little piece of the londoner reality. With a fantastic crew and actors the film became one of the most perfect of the nieneties.
I liked the movie because I love the actors in it. I think this movie represents true acting. In the early days of movies they didn't have all those special effects that movies today rely upon. Given the method of filming available at the time, the movie is outstanding. Watching the characters, knowing they are using all the acting skills they have available, makes me feel that many actors today couldn't compare.
This boring british video is long on talk and is really hard to figure out. It has something to do with experiments on mentally ill people and a drug that opens the mind to parasites from another dimension( I think). There are some bloody scenes that liven it up a bit but this movie is so slow and disjointed they don't help. Maybe a bigger budget and script rewrite would have helped.
There already is a TV series called "Buried Alive" directed by Patrick Cowap: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0421302/ Based on the DVD cover, my girlfriend bought the Lions Gate DVD thinking it was an interesting science fiction movie. This movie is really just about a man made "Landslide" hitting a condominium complex. There is no science fiction, terrible special effects and a predictable plot. Save your money and watch something else.
- Campbell Scott and Stanley Tucci do it here, and in the very highest style. This is the film where Tucci, previously stuck playing sleazyball creeps, reinvented his career. Primo and his brother Secundo (Tucci) own a gourmet restaurant. The conflict - Primo the purist won't sell out to commercialism, while Secundo is seriously considering it, in the interest of staying in business. A simple plot, but perfectly written and magnificently realized.
True Vengeance delivers lots of hardcore action for all you martial arts fans, but the plot had some room for improvement. Being the action buff that I am; I loved this movie. David Bernhardt is going to be the next "Van Damme". If you liked the way he handled himself in True Vengeance then you definitely need to check him out in Bloodsport 2 & 3. This movie is definitely action packed.
This is a very interesting film. I honestly felt I was bored through a large portion of this movie but I could not stop watching. I was wrong I was not bored I was fascinated and intrigued a feeling very rare in the world of modern film watching. So rare I did not recognize the feeling until well into he film. This is truly gripping and ultimately tragic horror film. HIGHLY recommended.
As part of the BMWFilms series, Powder Keg is one of several great short films commissioned by the car company. Inarritu is a fantastic director, and his genius shows through this gripping, action-packed car chase. What sets Inarritu's film apart from some of the other BMWfilms is the gritty detail, the harsh realism of what is being portrayed. The violence is not glamorized, nor the main character's plight as a photojournalist romanticized.
This movie is one of the better goofy teen movies of the early 80's. The movie gets a bad review by people who don't see it for what it is. This is a movie that when nothing is on you will gladly waste 1-2 hours watching. Movie is clean and silly. Think of what you would do with the powers Scott Baio has in this movie. Soundtrack is typical early 80's cheese.
This is a horror-movie with great atmosphere. The film is pretty bloody consider that it have been made in 1972. The effect are cheap, but they have been made with style, and the some of the actors are really great (but not all). The first part of "Tower of Evil" is a bit dull, but the rest of the movie is exciting. I liked it, but it's not for everybody's taste.
No doubt, this was an obvious attempt to rip-off Martin & Lewis at the height of their popularity. That said, this is a funny movie. Perhaps if M&L had stayed together, stuck to basic comedy, like this, their pictures wouldn't seem so dated today. Alright, so 'the Duke' is no 'Dino'...but Petrillo gives rise to the thought that perhaps we really didn't need Lewis. Ray 'Crash' Corrigan is in the gorilla suit.
This is an outstanding movie and should be required viewing for every woman in this country, together with any and all of her daughters. I had no idea that women suffered so much in their fight to obtain the right to vote. We take this right for granted today, without realizing the sacrifices that were made to give us this right. Hilary Swank gives an outstanding performance, with a superb supporting cast.
It is refreshing to see a movie about married life, that tells it like it is--this movie actually has a involving story! Furthermore, this movie is funny, interesting, well acted, and erotic. If you liked Laura in Quigley Down Under, and Pretty Woman, you'll love her here. Her sweet, vulnerable, yet strong and assertive personality shines as does her comedic ability. This is a terrific date movie--for married folks. Don't miss it.
I suppose that to say this is an all-out terrible movie would be unfair, but it's pretty bad. The sub-Disney storyline involves dogs playing soccer and falling in love (aw, how cute!) The acting isn't bad, but definitely could be better, especially that of young Canadian actor Kevin Zegers, who, during the whole movie, looks embarrassed, like he doesn't even want to be there. Anyway, kids will love it, but parents beware!
The movie has a crazy touch. The cutting may sometimes be a little confusing, but it serves the purpose. I did not know what to expect when I started looking. Was this a dark, depressing thing or a comedy? It was something of both. It was very fun, but still it had a serious and solid base. Why is a bad guy bad? Can the tough guy never get a nervous breakdown?
Do not watch this movie expecting to see any monsters or vampires because all you'll get are some bats. Actually this film is more of an identity crisis drama and murder mystery rather than a horror movie. The best parts are the dream sequences which are reminiscent of surrealist experimental films (has David Lynch seen this?) and also LSD sequences from 60s films like HALLUCINATION GENERATION or BLONDE ON A BUM TRIP.
It takes talent to create a movie as bad as this: There are good actors, a somewhat original idea for a movie and good special effects - one would expect something good out of this. Yet here comes "Virus" to prove us wrong. How did Gale-Anne Hurd produce this? Why was it ever made in the first place? Now let's pray that they don't make a sequel... Rating: 1 out of 10
An obvious cash-in on Timothy Leary and his "turn on, drop out" LSD preachings of the 60's. Of course, this being corporate Hollywood, they turn the Timothy Leary character (well played by Richard Todd) into a money hungry CULT leader "who must be stopped!" Amusing for today's self-appointed "hip" audiences by its dated hippie iconography and the fact that the evil head hippie is played the TV series LOST IN SPACE's Goddard!
This movie is a real turkey. While almost nothing happens, R. Burton looks scared from the beginning until the end. The girl who plays Regan is miscast (I wouldn't rely on her to save the world), the "new age" message is absolutely laughable and the whole movie is as pretentious and empty as one of Nicholas Roeg's. One has to be VERY IMPRESSIONABLE to like (or even be scared by) this one.
Like most movies that have former SNL cast members, you have to like the comedian to like the movie. Spade is a redneck, left in the Grand Canyon by his parents, and he spends the rest of his life trying to find them. Not that good, but keep your eye on Brittany Daniel in the future ..a natural beauty, at least I believe she's all-natural .you never can tell these days! D
Somehow the teaming of Glover and Short didn't mix. There was not the special chemistry that is required to make this work. The premise was a great idea but it seemed so forced most of the time. The silly grin that Short kept though out the film, really made his charactor even dumber than it was suppose to be. Maybe I just was looking for something clever and witty. This wasn't it.
Not MY idea of the horror genre...maybe fantasy, in the form of the Silver Rider bloke, played by independant filmmaker Jim Jarmusch, who's far from a main character. Some of the actors appear to be speaking English, but that language from others (I suspect) is dubbed. The disjointed action involves a would-be member of The Cannibals (law-breaking motorcycle gang) being pursued by them. Mostly comedic, in my opinion. Really strained. Almost awful.
Why did movie have to be made? "American Psycho 2" is a terrible "film". It may be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Mila Kunis should immediately fire her agent for even informing her of this script. Most of the murders were implausible. There is no way her character could have killed all those people. I advise you to avoid this film and check out the original "American Psycho" instead.
After the brilliant adaptation of the Bret Easton Ellis novel, we have a real stinker here. This is an insult to an excellent and original prequel. The only thing that was positive about this movie was the gorgeous girl that played the Psycho. Other than that, I am insulted as a huge fan of American Psycho. They should be ashamed of themselves for tainting the name with this piece of s%$# sequel.
This is honestly the worst movie I have ever paid money to see. Throughout the entire movie, I could not figure out why we were supposed to care on little bit about either the exploits of the two writers or the two historians. I truly cannot think of a more contrived, boring, inane use of film. I am one of Gwynneth's biggest fan, however this film was simply horrid on every level.
Always a joy too watch Lance Henriksen. Crash down, his daughter, now must the director and father(Henriksen) find his little girl. This is "based" on true events. The movie wants to be scarey, but is not. I can not remember when i watched a movie about the "abe" and got touched, or even scared. Probably never. This movie has its moments but it is quickly forgotten.
Forget the HYPE, this movie stinks! It doesn't know which audience to play for 3 year olds or adults. It also doesn't know whether it should be campy or cartoonish. It's a jumbled mess that only did well because of the Very LARGE and VERY EXPENSIVE marketing. If you want something to keep the kids busy, spend the money on a new toy and watch the cartoon! My rating 1...HORRIBLE DESPITE HYPE!
This is, frankly, the most disgusting film I've ever seen - and I've seen a lot. So I'm amazed, and a little frightened, that so many people have rated it highly. Joe Spinnel (now deceased), Caroline Munro, Tom Savini, all ought to be ashamed of their participation in this immoral dungheap of a film. I hope none of you who rated it higher than 2 ever find out where I live.
This obscure little satire makes the point that there is "a sucker born every minute" and shows numerous examples to prove it. Examples which may be disconcertingly accurate. A sardonic spoof of the car sales business loaded with gratuitous sex, crime, and melodrama as filler, "Suckers" is a "B" flick a best. However, it is also a primer on scamming and could be worth watching before a trip to a car dealer.
I recently viewed this movie and was left in awe at the sheer awfulness that this film portrayed. You would actually have to compliment the writers for making such a disgusting film, because to my knowledge no being who had any semblence of dignity could be capable of making such a horrible movie. Translations from the attempt at italian in this movie were terrible. In conclusion, avoid this film at all costs.
I read the book a week before I watched this 'made for TV' movie. The previews should have warned me what to expect but I still watched it. I was hoping it would be enjoyable but the insipid performance from the actor playing 'Holmes' was barely offset by the far more scintillating 'Watson'. If you've not seen it, don't waste your time. Instead enjoy either the Jeremy Brett or Basil Rathbone versions.
Neither the slick production values, half-decent creature-effects nor the presence of the great Jeffrey Combs (as H.P. Lovecraft) are enough to overcome a basically dull plot, or should I say plots as there are four short stories rolled into one here and all of them are quite forgettable. Plenty of slimy beasts and a few scantily-clad lovelies amount to little more than an uninspired movie that would have been better left unmade.
I began watching this film on Lifetime on a Sunday afternoon, with the understanding it was your standard 2 hour TV movie. 3 hours later, it became clear it was a tad bit longer. I thought the acting was terrible, the story line less than plausible, and the characters totally unlikeable. The ending was unsatisfying, although unexpected (or was it really?) I can't believe I got caught up in the film.
This film can't decide how to use the the cast it has. John Cleese is unconvincing as a Sheriff, Danny Glover misses Mel Gibson as a funny Man, and Kevin Kline demonstrates yet again he does not have as broad a range of talent as his press releases suggest. Kevin Costner hams it up, and the film would have been better directed by Mel Brooks. Its far too long and pointless.
A bunch of never-weres from the fifties dug back up to make a boring, poorly-written show in the seventies. The leader had a dog's name. They were obviously on a sound stage. They were nowhere near as funny as they thought they were. Its dumbness was only comparable to the "Brady Bunch Hour." It was very adolescent. I tried to avoid it, but my little brothers had to have it on sometimes.
This movie has one of the worst dubs I have ever heard! The dialog reminded me of a poorly translated kung fu movie! The animation is not very good compared to other anime from the same time period. If you are a fan of the manga and haven't seen the TV series, do yourself a favor and check it out instead of this. Watching is movie, is just a waste of time!
Low-budget indeed! So many shots in this "film" were bereft of any visual detail or texture, its straight-to-video intentions were painfully apparent. Why did I start to watch this flick? Generally positive reviews found here and, more to the point, Videohound's four-bone rating (highest on the scale). This causes me to doubt the trustworthiness of anything the Videohound wrote. Did I finish watching this flick? No. Do yourself a favor; don't start.
What on earth was this one????? Apart for 1 (that is ONE) scene (the pink petals that were falling as the hero was walking) this movie was plain horrible. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry with this one. If you want to feel like Beavis and Butt-head when they watch something undescribable on TV, then this is the movie to create this emotion. Thumbs way the f--- down!
Wow, I think this movie had to have been made by the JesusFreak Coalition and the Moronic Majority. this movie does nothing but teach a bunch of stereotypes and false truths to our children. All kids in the city are in gangs? Nothing bad happens to good people? Stuff like that. If you find this movie, cover the dub lock and tape something worthwhile over it. -the gizzle
Went into the movie with a bit of curiosity on how they'd handle the drumline aspect (I didn't expect the movie plot to be any good anyway). It was entirely disppointing. I've been out of a competitive drumline for 25 years, and I can still play better than they did. The showdown was a crock. I doubt if that is what really goes on - it was all flash and little chops.
A poor movie. It's a bad Batman copy. Everything is going wrong. Not very exciting, not fascinating, not ... . Three Points. For Elfman's score, the nice directing but nothing more. As it is was over, I was happy that I hadn't seen it in the cinema, just only on TV. Raimi, Neeson and Mc Dormand can do their job much better. They have proved it. Please, not such a failure again.
Although the movie has the same theme as the Sixth Sense, its ending is rather chaotic and unbelievable. The movie should have ended in the bathroom ... but the subsequent scenes were just added to increase the tension with opposite effect. In these horrible scenes the sound volume was increased to unbearable heights (annoying), and the movie glitched from moderate level down to disaster level. You can skip this one !
This was designed to capitalize on the run-away popularity of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In during the late 60's, but it was neither fish nor fowl. And many of the jokes today are badly dated. What is left is Dick Martin's absurdist slapstick and a very clever ending that tries hard to salvage the film, If you wish to re-visit the 1960's, this is a great film for you. Otherwaise, it's just mediocre.
This was designed to capitalize on the run-away popularity of Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In during the late 60's, but it was neither fish nor fowl. And many of the jokes today are badly dated. What is left is Dick Martin's absurdist slapstick and a very clever ending that tries hard to salvage the film, If you wish to re-visit the 1960's, this is a great film for you. Otherwise, it's just mediocre.
At best this could be described as an 80 minute home movie. In fact, a number of shots show the cameras involved, and they are mere consumer grade camcorders... without anti-shaking features apparently. Many scenes rivaled Blair Witch Project in its lack ability to keep things stable. Terrible panning shots in an effort to keep up with the action. Just thinking about it again makes me want to puke. Don't watch.
Normally the sight of carriages and bonnets on the screen has me heading for the nearest exit. To my surprise then, I found this to be a well-crafted and entertaining film. True some liberties were taken with the literary source (don't films always), and O'Connor wasn't quite strong enough for the lead role. However this was a film that dared to be different, and was even almost a cutting-edge costume drama.
In the long history of Godzilla films, Yonggary adds a small twist of alien invasion and tells the story of a monster, determined to destroy Earth. It's a low budget film with low budget digital effects and quite simple plot, reminding us B Movies in which actors play flat, monsters are unable to fright even the children, nobody cares about what it's going to happen next and everything is silly but entertaining.
I've read plenty about director Ulmer being some poverty-row genius but this flick is only 70 minutes long and is still boring. Mixing the Jekyll monster with werewolves may sound like a fun idea but the treatment here leaves much to be desired. The new widescreen DVD of this movie looks real soft throughout much of the movie which might be a fault of the original movie or just a bad transfer.
This movie starts with a lot of promise. The opening scene, featuring Sean Connery, is very entertaining. However, Connery disappears for most of the rest of the movie along with any talent that anyone else may have exhibited. The movie jumps from place to place with no coherent story. There is no sense of time. The editing is laughable. After the first 5 minutes there is nothing worth watching in this film.
This movie doesn't require much critique. It was the typical, boring, cliched Hollywood action garbage that litter movie channels these days. The family "miraculously" escape death time and time again while the bad guy descends into madness, yadda, yadda. No depth, one dimensional characters. Why is junk like this being funded? It was "watchable", but I knew what was coming around each corner. Could we PLEASE get some intellectual movies? 3/10
As a piece of art, the film might suck, but who cares? Plenty of the greatest names of occidental modern music didn't, why should I? Not to mention that Elwood's speech about the mission of the band is one of the best I ever saw on a movie. Gonna make a t-shirt of it. P.S.: I dress and act exactly like Elwood in real life, so remember this is a fan's opinion... :)
The charm of this movie is in the concept and perfect casting. Robert De Niro satirizes his past performances as a Mafia boss. And Billy Crystal as the unwitting psychiatrist who gets involved in the mess. It's truly funny and entertaining. The movie mostly benefits from very good direction by Harold Ramis and excellent performance by the actors and not just De Niro and Crystal. The verdict: 4 of 5 stars.
This show is awesome..I love the way it is acted out, and how out of the ordinary Monk is. I don't know if I could put up with him (the detective) irl, but its one of the most interesting shows that has been aired recently. This show has its own quirks, and is worth watching if you enjoy reading Robert Parker books. Please, watch this show so it can stay on the air.
One of those slasher films that give a bad name to the entire genre. Anonymous characters that you can barely tell apart, lifeless acting, a director who shows no skill in establishing his premise or creating a scary atmosphere, and a pathetic ending. The movie has one useful function: it will help you appreciate mediocre horror films more, because you'll know the difference between simple mediocrity and outright badness. 0.5 out of 4.
The best way to view this miserable excuse for a thriller is to bypass it altogether. But, if you must, watch the DVD and skip from chapter to chapter. If you've even seen one thriller in the past 74 years, you'll know what's going to happen waaay before it does. Remember, you will never again be able to regain the minutes of your life lost if you give in and watch the thing.
Quite simply the best RPG ever developed by Squaresoft. Amazing visuals, brilliant story of love, hate and war, plus believable characters. It surpasses Final Fantasy VII by a long shot. Squall Leonheart has been called an 'unlikeable character' but he has issues we can all relate with. Rinoa is simply beautiful and a great heroine. A great cast of back up characters adds to the brilliant depth of the story. Well done Squaresoft.
What happens when you don't pay the editor? This kind of disjointed storytelling. While some of the performances were good, the movie suffers from poor plot development and a very confusing timeline. A shame, because it starts off quite good, then slows to a crawl and the interest peters out. You spend the last 2/3 of the movie trying to figure out what the heck is going on. Nice try, but no cigar.
This film was one of the made for TV movies that used to be so popular back in the 70's that are almost never seen now. A small cast made up of two very fine actors i.e. Eli Wallach and Robert Culp play research scientists at a small Polar station that the previous inhabitants of met with bad fortune. An entertaining thriller that has a touch of science fiction and mystery in it.
What can I say? It has horrible acting, beyond amateurish dialogue, sub-par special effects and you know what.....I've seen it about 50 times! It is so campy and awful that it is good! I definitely think this ranks right up there with Showgirls as one of the all time so bad its good movies! Special mention goes to Dennis Quaid, one of my favorite actors, for looking like he's in on the joke!
After I got done watching Almost Heroes I immediately rewound the tape saw it again. It is one of the funniest movies ever created. If Chris Farley isn't a good enough reason to watch it, Matthew Perry should be. Both men do an incredible job acting dumb and yet civalized. If you ever get in a bad mood, I guarantee this will cheer you up as you roll on the floor with laughter.
Wow, is this bad film. You'd think with this cast it would be a great one. But you would be very wrong. With lines like, "Have some raisins." Or, when Gregory Peck asks Martin Landau how many men he has left in Love Company. "Twelve." And then a cannon shell blows up 2 of them. "Bring along your ten men", is Peck's response. What depth. What compassion. This film is surely laughable.
Bruce Willis stars as John McClane a NYC cop who finds himself the only one who can stop a terrorist Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman) who has taken over an office building and is holding thousands of people hostage in this exciting and jaw dropping actionflick which isn't only a movie but a pulse pounding experience. Die Hard is a genre classic best watched on DVD with excellent sound effects to test your speakers.
This film is a complete waste of time and celluloid. The actors (and I use that term lightly) wasted their time making this film. The people who went and saw this film (alas, I was one) wasted their time. Do you see a pattern here? This film STINKS, plain and simple. Don't waste your time on it. There are other sources of information about this famous woman. Utilize them instead of seeing this!
Well, i must say that Matthew Lillard played a great role. The dirrecting was well done and for once i dont think Freddy's character was top on my list Lol. I feel that this movie should have gotten better reviews but i am still happy with it. i have seen it more then a dosen times and it was worth every minut. i would reccomend EVERYONE see it at least once. CHRISTY
This is a heart wrenching movie that examines the paths that separate women throughout the years (1950's to present) take when faced with an unexpected pregnancy. Regardless of where on the abortion spectrum you fall this is a must see. I would not recommend this as a child appropriate movie(especially for children under about age 12) unless you and your child are going to sit down and discuss what happens in this movie.
I remember the AMAZING SPIDER-MAN from when I was a kid,it was one of the first memorys I have when we came to this country. Spidey taught me a lot for just being a fictional hero,I only wish I could get all the movies so, that I might share them with my son one day. Until then I have my memorys and the cartoon , for now that will have to do. thanks
How could one not love a movie such as this. I have loved this movie since the first day I saw it. What made me watch the movie originally was the car. However, after seeing the entire movie, I was not disappointed. Plenty of cars, good story, and a good ending. Got to love it!!! Maximus Tyre Knight ô¿~ P.S. - Why couldn't I get the car instead of his brother? ;o)
**spolier warning** this movie has know story line - but is set in a mall the film is mainly about 2 guys who loose there girlfriends but then try to get back up with them even if it means going on a game show - this film will leave laughting again and again. i would recommend it to anyone? 10/10 - stars to great hollywood actors - SHANNEN DOHERTY AND BEN AFFLECK.
This is without A doubt the best Kevin Smith film yet.Considering that it started with An assassination plot,I believe it turned out wonderful.Jason Lee is spot on perfect in this.There is not anyone else alive that could play Brodie better.The acting is great for A mid ninties comedy.Smith has not made A movie as funny since.No sophmore slump here.If you watch the flick again and not expecting Clerks you may just enjoy it.
What a fantastic movie, I've seen this movie many times and it's just as god and funny every time. Audery Tautou's performances is amazing, she is perfect as Amelie, she really make this movie flying! The atmosphere is also fantastic. Well, I can say that everything is perfect in this movie, everything you have to see it, is just so fantastic that you almost wound believe it. A suburb 10 out of 10.
Slow, deliberate, and a perfect example of great editing, every movement seems to have meaning. I never realized Rampling was such a powerful dramatic actor. The ending is just that-- and ending. There's no dramatic closure, the viewer is unsure of the ending, but that is as it should be. Saw this the same weekend as Moulin Rouge, which underscored what a pleasure it is to see a thoughtful character study on screen.
The plot is not original in the least. It's the story of a lonely woman who lives a boring life and who meets a man who is bored too, they are both unemployed and it seems to be the only thing they have in common. They have an affair, and finally he leaves her. And that's all. I have seen this kind of stories too many times. And it lasts almost 2 hours...
This movie has to be seen to believed. I do not know the reason behind making this movie. It really seems to have been written as they were going along. If it is ever on TV tape it (chances are it will only be shown when sane or sober people are already asleep). I do not want to mislead anyone but it truly is one of the weirder movies from the early 80's.
The only way to see this film is on the big screen. It's dark, menacing, disturbing but has some moments of great power punctuated with lighter scenes of typical McGovern dialogue. The acting is first class as is the subtle direction. You may need a cast iron stomach for some of the sequences, especially at the end which is pretty shocking. Not exactly a deep movie, but a good watch none the less.
Mifune is a surprisingly easy film to watch, delightful in many respects and certainly original. The comedy is in many ways unique; nothing hits you in the cinema, but you still leave with a smile on your face. The acting is, in my view, superb, the locations fitting, and the plot; well, original and refreshing. If you need cheering up or it's a rainy day then I recommend this film. Very refreshing indeed.
Many people have losses that are very hard to deal with, and they must "Let-Go" on their own time and in their own way after processing. I think this movie was well done. I believe that many of us who have lost either a spouse, parent, sibling, etc ... have kept in contact in some way in our heart, soul and mind. Here is to Dave and Gillian, and a very good screenplay!
The concept of this film is one that hits on one of the secret concerns of people involved with robotic technology, will the machine take over from the human. Robin Williams portrayed the role in going from the machine to showing that there were feelings evolving, and brilliantly, I must say. Using a future time base was smart, removed, but still the possibility being there! A question is left - IS IT POSSIBLE??
This is truly one of the funniest movies, I've seen. I used to watch it several times a week. I highly recommend this one if you like offbeat comedies. One of the funniest things was something I didn't even notice the first three times I saw it...What you ask? The names of the main characters...Burt and Ernie. That's right folks, the two cops are named after two of your favorite childhood friends. ENJOY!!
This was an excellent black comedy on the harshness of the American corporation and some of the villains that work for it. I appreciate any film where it is difficult to predict what will happen next, and "In The Company Of Men" was definitely one of those films. A great acting job by Aaron Eckhart as the man you love to hate. This one is not for the weak-hearted or sensitive types. 10/10
Excellent remake that is actually better then the original. Great acting by the supporting cast and fine direction by the always demented Tom Savini - who will be the next genere director to breakout! Really conveys all the terror of a "zombie attack". The standard one guy in the group who is nothing but an @$$hole comes off really well - I hate that guy. Looking for this one on DVD.
A better, richer film than when I first viewed it close to 20 years ago. One of Hitchcock's greatest accomplishments (with a terrific Macguffin -- the compass!). And the perfect showcase for Miss Tallulah Bankhead, bitch-goddess of Broadway, who never conquered Hollywood but is forever enshrined in this performance, where's she basically playing the image she herself created -- "Dahhlings" and all -- if not, in fact, playing Herself! An intense delight, Dahhling...
Words can not describe Joe Dantes work. it is some the best and most original to come out anywhere in the world. everything about this movie shouts quality the effects are superb and even now the basement lab seen with the small ball is visually stunning. the young actors really carry the film like old pros and Dantes direction choice of shots etc are yet again spot on. more movies like this please
A typical entry in the Sidaris filmography, Savage Beach features the usual assortment of well-endowed women, goofy villains, and exotic locations, and is simple minded if occasionally violent fun. The highlight of this one is Michael Mikasa's appearance as a World War II Japanese soldier stranded on a remote island--in order to age him, the makeup department seems to have submerged his head in a bowl of collodion. It's not a pretty sight.
The first time I saw this movie, I sat there scratching my head, thinking: What am I watching? The movie plot is so far out with non-sequiturs that it has to be good, right? Hydrophobic (no, not rabid, actually harmed by water)monsters, who in turn are controlled by amphibious aliens. This stuff is great. Side note: I liked the nod to Ridley Scott's "Alien" on the young girl's hat, which read USS Nostromo.
What do you get with a good story-line, an interesting cast, better than average special FX and apparently a pretty good budget?? Answer: a botched up horror/fantasy showing that there was definitely someone in charge who really didn't know what he was doing. It really is a shame because this film easily falls into the 'woulda - coulda - shoulda been' category. Not a total waste of time - but oh so disappointing...
Absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen. I rented it for my family because the guy at the video store recommended it. He said it was such a good film. I don't know what he was thinking. Normally, when a movie is bad, we turn it off, but this one we watched just so we could tell everyone how bad it was. I recommend that you waste your time to watch it.
This film is the epitome of good anime! It's even clean, so if you wanted to you could show it to your kids (of course they wouldn't get it, but if they like action animation, it's fine!) It carries on the quest for peace and the great battle scenes and even gives us a little of the characters' background! I may have gone a bit overboard, but I gave this film a ten!
Slow starting -- a little "artsy" But -- Wow! A Thinkers Guide to the Ethics of War. Invest in the first half of this film, and then, let the debates begin! This is film rated "B" for Beware-it's-Brutal. But, if you're looking for Rambo, pass on this one. If you can look at all sides, trying to answer "why" the common man goes to war, this is it. --Benjamoose
I like the way this movie was made, the only bad thing is... they had to use the director's son as a lead. Sure, he didn't do that bad of a job, but it would have been better if they could have used Elijah Wood, or someone else less annoying. Overall this was a decent film that I'd see again. It is creepy to think we have these type of people running around.
The best stand up performance anyone will ever see. Hysterically funny of course, but also incredibly insightful. To call Pryor a comic is doing him an injustice - he's a comedienne, actor, mime, satirist, writer, philosopher. I was in high school when this film was released and must have seen it 5 times the first month it was out. I've watched it another 10 times since and it's still as awesome as ever.
Once again, Robert Duvall comes out of the gate with one of his personal projects, writing, directing, producing, and starring, and delivers an almost perfect film. Well, maybe it is perfect. I don't know. I do know I loved every minute of it. This movie is filled with emotion, suspense, and intrigue but Duvall never cuts corners, never takes any cheap shots. Assassination Tango is as good a film as I've ever seen.
I just saw this film again and I must say, it is amazingly brilliant. This is a film which you can watch again and again. Very clever, sterotypical obviously but its all in good humour. I was looking through the other reviews here and people need to understand that this is a comedy and it should be treated as such. Great acting and great music - works so well. Pure entertainment. 10/10
What a bore this film was , why is it that when Australians make films about grotty dirty people with no zest for life and basically are dull , people stand and praise these films. Wake up these sort of films are not original and not even good story telling , Australia has made a many better films then this one, lets hope this vanishes into that wilderness of forgotten dull Aussie films.
Much more than the story of a boy and his dog but a mature look at the coming of age of two boys as experienced through the travails of Promise, their misfit hunter. Extremely engaging view of the pre-WW2 South with subtle religious undertones. I've seen it three times and have found something new with each viewing. The fact that we own six dogs helps account for our affection for The Biscuit Eater.
This is one of the few movies I have ever walked out of the theater from. I was sitting there thinking, why am I wasting this hour? There is absolutely no characterization to speak of, so you won't feel anything for any character enough to bother even seeing what happens. It simply can't matter. Thus I still have no idea how it ends, and I walked out of it over 10 years ago...
Tired old tale of a rough boy from a hellish background whose heart's in the right place and who battles against the odds to make it because there's one radical authority figure who believes in him. Oh and of course, he's in love. The only entertainment in it is the horror effect of the mid-80s Pat Benatar fashion, make-up and hairdos. Where do you buy a red leather sleeveless jacket these days?
This movie show the true of millions of humans in the world. It is a large movie but it is very interesting. You will not be tired of watching. The hard life of the poor people from Latin America is showed like it is. This a different and good movie. If you live comfortably and you do not know the bad side of the poverty, you must see this selection, do it.
..and you will have a good idea of this film. I haven't seen it in years, might have been on Bravo before they went edited and commercial... Anyway, the plot summary doesn't do this film justice. This is an excellent trashy movie about a good little bad girl who does a lot of naked damage for no real reason other than some mommy issues. Truly textbook psych101 stuff but still fun to watch.
Wow!!!Congratulations to entire project. This is a beautifully constructed film on a sensitive subject. This film viewer impressed with delicate treatment of subject, the fantastic directors, and superb actresses and the writing. Thanks to producers, directors, actresses for having the courage to make such a film. More need to be made. Thanks to HBO - your courage is evident and thanks again. To Anne Heche your future is bright keep going, encore, encore!!!!!!!
The Casting was great, especially Merlin. The settings are beautiful and believable which is not the case for most "knight" and dragon movies. The vision of the movie is fluid and only gets slow at certain points, which is totally understandable when considering the task of trying to fit in the whole Authorian legend into one movie. Heart pounding music accompanies exhilarating battle scenes. A must see for any fan of med-evil chivalry.
I LOVE Woody! This movie states his great genius, his wonderful ability to play with characters, dialogues and situations. Each episode is a unique proof of genius, until the last one, which I could place at the highest steps of cinema just for the idea! A masterpiece. Maybe actors are not always particularly exciting and the directing skills are still under development, but it deserves a 10 for the pure display of genius!
I think worst movie ever is being too kind. If I had the option of watching this again or ramming nails through my head, I would choose the latter and I hope all of you do as well. This has got to be the dumbest idea I have ever heard of. And Hulk Hogan? Wow, he is just absolutely pathetic. Stick to wrestling - that's something you suck at slightly less than acting.
Hank Azaria's role is horribly stereotypical. He goes from ruthless soulless guy to I-love-life guy. Vapid, heavy-handed film. They beat you over the head with middle-school symbolism (his ignoring the telephone while in the middle of playing piano). If you want to see real genuine characters with multifaceted personalities, watch Glengarry Glen Ross. I seem to recall Lemmon stating that it was the finest cast he ever worked with. Go see why.
I've been watching this stupid movie for an hour and boy does it suck! Rhames just saved a woman from a fate worse than death and she had a hissy because he called her "baby". That's just an example of one in a long string of stupid moments in this unninspired, unoriginal amateurish junk flick. If it gets better, I'll let you know before posting this comment. Otherwise, just pass on "Sin". (C-)
I've only seen the MST3K version (as I'm sure almost everyone else has), so of course you can tell that this is a VERRRRY *bad* movie. The only thing is that if they had just followed the flashback, this might have been a better movie. It still would have been a B-movie, but I don't think it would have been as painful. However, if they had a new director, writer, cast, and production...
I'm a big fan of Jack Lemmon's dramatic roles but not this one. The movie is about Lemmon and his estranged son played by Robby Benson, who has a deep hatred for his father. After learning Lemmon is dying, Benson tries to make thing right with his father. 125 minutes of Benson talking about how bad of a father Lemmon was, combined with Lemmon's corny jokes, does not not equal a good movie
I have no idea why this movie has a higher rating then House 3 (a.k.a The Horror Show) which is actually quite good. . House 2 is on the other hand is quite possibly one on the worst horror sequels you will ever see, if you don't believe me then try watching it.. 1/5 IMO the original House and House 3 are the only good movies in the entire series.
WTF? This is one messed up movie. I guess I should have expected that with anything remotely related to Robert Crumb, but this movie redefines the boundaries of tastelessness for me. I was sometimes incredulous, often distgusted, and never amused. The only value to this movie is as a historical record (made in 1974) of a sick and twisted mind. I like subversive material as much as the next guy, but come on!
You saw DNA and you think it is the worst movie on Earth? Believe it or not, The Being is worse than DNA! I don't know if this one's a joke but I know that it was very funny...when it was supposed to be scary. Actors are so bad, the scenario is so stupid and what about the special effects( if you can call this special effects!!!). I give it 0 out of*****.
i am a big fan of karishma Kapoor and Govinda. I watched this film after i had seen Fiza, which was absolutley brilliant. There are films that are bad, and there are films that are cr*p. but this film just takes the biscuit. We were so annoyed that we were conned out of paying our money expecting a decent film. avoid at all cost, dont even rent it. 1/10
I saw this movie at the theatre for lack of anything else to do, and only paid a dollar to see it. God help me if I'm ever this desperate for "entertainment" again. None of the characters were likable, and although it can be fun to dislike awful characters, this film was just too horrible to offer that solace. Terrible acting, ridiculous characters, bad, bad movie. I should've asked for my dollar back.
Apparently a "direct to video" release, only those in absolute desperation at the local Blockbuster will rent this (count me in this group). Expect to experience almost immediate regret (less than one minute after the credits end). These is one redeeming scene in this film, and it lasts less than 2 minutes. The rest of the film incorporates every major action/loner/rogue hero film cliche imaginable. A definite "1." Avoid at all costs.
This was one of those underground independent films that just happened to be really good. Director Darren Doane is mostly known to us as a Music Video Director bringing us videos from bands like Blink 182 and MxPx. A good film to watch from a music video director. If you see the DVD Special Edition you can see the original Godmoney film starring Christian Bale (Empire of the Sun, Little Women, American Psycho).
All films must necessarily proceed from the script. When the script is drawn from the Collected Cliches of North America and the largest line item on the budget is cocaine acquisition, the result must be worth far less than the life force used to view it. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that Tracey Needham is pleasant to look at once she wipes off the Marilyn Monroe makeup.
This movie is so terrible, yet so funny. There are so many flaws with this movie. Many parts of the movie have nothing to do with the plot. The ape one time wears shoes, flicks the camera(and its no accident, he holds it for 4 seconds), and seems to be different sized throughout the movie. You cannot make a worse movie. Period. This movie must be seen, it is too funny to explain.
This movie was of poor quality, film wise, but that didn't bug me. So what if it looked like Mark Hamill was shooting with his handicam? Fact is, the plot was so poorly excuted, and the movie so boring, I fell asleep for 30 mins during this... and missed nothing!!!! The cameos were neat, and fun, but not worth the rental price. Very few good one liners. And some pretty hot chicks.
I'm a drummer myself I'm gonna be in Marching Band again next year and this movie had no point to it at all, I mean I know he can't read music but you can't be in band if you can't read music. No one I bet learned any of the instruments or anything! This movie makes drummers look really bad and thats not cool. Don't watch this movie you'll be wasting your time!
Dull, lifeless direction... A total lack of atmosphere... Dialogue scenes that stretch on endlessly... A story that fails to rile any tension... Gore that's on par with a home movie... Lucio Fulci is high on my list of favorite directors (check out his early-'80's output to see what I mean), but "Demonia" is one of his worst movies, not even worth the trouble to revive on video, in my opinion. Zero/10
David Bradley takes over for Michael Dudikoff as Sean Davidson a martial artist who must take on bionic ninjas who are developing a chemical virus to sell to terrorists in this incompetent sequel. Michael Dudikoff is a poor actor, but when compared to David Bradley he almost seems like the next Laurence Olivier, Steve James returns but ultimately this sequel is far too awful to dig up any entertainment value in this garbage.
This movie seems to be just half way thought through and certainly made the writers jump through hoops to continue the story line. But what is incomprehensible is the ending. However screwed up the world was in 3300 or whatever year it was.....to have Taylor make the decision he made.....underscored that Dr Zaus was right about humanity. Certainly the worst of the 5 movies and what an incredibly terrible moral message.
Another attempt to cash in on the slasher craze of the early 80's. The head being cut off a wheel-chair bound victim was poorly done, in sillouette. Then the "drump-drump-drump" sound when the mad man was coming after a victim just got on your nerves. It's a wonder this film hasn't shown up on cable yet. Bad? That's a good word for it. Especially when you notice no sequel was made. Thank god.
More banality not worth wasting many words on. The same inspiration for this show must have been the same inspiration which caused Ms. Grey to transform herself with surgery from a very attractive woman with looks of character to a commonplace "Plain Jane". Just like Jennifer Grey's appearance has become commonplace and plain, so is this show. Not bad, but just another show, and another face, in the crowd. Nothing special.
As a real fan of Tremors 1 I made the mistake to trust all the good reviews on this site. But believe me guys: This one has nothing to offer (well - except a realy strange resurection scene). Unfortunately I bought the DVD. Don´t even rent it even if you feel greedy on a monster movie - watch Tremors No. 1 instead or get "Octalus" or whatever else there is on the shelve.
This was bad, even by slasher movie standards. The only reason it got a 2 instead of a 1 was the nudity. The acting was right on target for the genre though--reeeeeally bad. The chick that played Maria was terrible, but she did have a smokin little body. I tend to overlook bad acting in that case. Anyway, this one's good for a gag gift (which is how I got it)--thanks for reading.
This movie is awful! The caracters are shallow and almost ridiculous, especially Lela Rochon. It's a very, very, very bad soap opera. I was watching this movie with my wife and we were laughing almost all the time. It is much too long, with no rhythm with absolutely no emotions. It is only a poor attempt to manipulate the viewer by using one cliché after another. Skip it, it's a waste of time!
The movie was incredible, ever since I saw it in 1977 I told my wife she had to see it, it was really funny. Right up there with the "In-Laws." As soon as it came out on video we would watch it. Well, 20 years later, and every time I ask in a video store they give me a funny look. Does anyone have any clue how this classic can be viewed??? "PLEASE HELP"
If you liked 'Ringu' and 'Carrie', you're gonna love this. I just saw it and I think I like it even better than Ringu (but it would be close). It's moodier and sadder than Ringu, but that 'bone cracking' sequence near the end crawled so deep under my skin that it makes me shiver just thinking about it! Great acting (the lead actress is as great as she is cute), great music, great direction.
It is hilarious to see Robert DeNiro do spoofs on all his previous Mob characters. To see him crying after all the tough guys he has played it is really funny. Billy Crystal is excellent as his therapist who is trying to help him through his anxiety issues. I want to see it again so I can hear all the lines I missed the first time because I was laughing so hard. Rating 10
It's no "City Hunter," but this is a pretty goofy flick...It's just good fun though, and even if you think twin movies are bad---THIS IS JACKIE CHAN!!! I like it, it's just a cute, fun flick. Let's not forget to mention the ending though, it's worth the price of admission alone, with some of the coolest and most dangerous stunts I've ever seen! Can't take my eyes off Nina Li, or Maggie Cheung either!
Tyrone Power shows his considerable comic flare in his role as a young American in Paris who is blackmailed into posing as a Russian prince to court a wealthy heiress (Loretta Young). The script is extremely witty with fast-paced, sharp dialogue that keeps the viewer in stitches from start to finish. Highly recommended! Unfortunately, this movie is not available on video, but it is played on the Fox Movie Channel from time to time.
It's a drama that slowly turns into a sharp comedy. Even though you never forget the seriousness of the situation, you start enjoying the sequence and the slight turns of the plot. It reflects the impacts of faith and some ways to pursue it, and it never fails to deliver a touch of reality in a subtle way, even if some situations are a little overacted ... it was a joy to see it
I can't say much about this movie, just that I love it, love it, love it, and I'm quite sure that's an understatement. Unfortunately, Kjell Aukrust, the creator of all the wonderful characters in this movie and many, many more, passed away christmas eve 2002, at the age of 82. May he rest in peace, content with the fact that he has made several generations of Norwegians, and others, laugh their hearts out. 10/10
Taye Diggs makes a second dazzling preformance. He is the real deal. Morris Chestnut enterance was one of the best on screen. Nia Long shows why she has few equals. Terrence Howard gave a stellar preformance as Q. The cast performance was stunning. The only film that I never wanted to be an end to. Hopefully, Malcom Lee will do it again. A must see film in an industry full of lilly white trash.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. This is more of what Black America probably wishes to see. These are the types of movies that keep it real for African Americans and it allows dreams to come true. We see enough of fake "Black" America on the news. This was one of the best movies I have seen in a while. And I go to the movies a lot. Kudos to Malcolm Lee and his thoughtfulness.
Hackneyed war drama about a hot shot naval pilot(Robert Taylor) being assigned to one of the Navy's most prestigious squadrons. He must prove his worth and fit into the elite group at the same time live down the assumption he has had an affair with his Commanding Officer's(Walter Pidgeon)wife(Ruth Hussey). For the time period the special effects are above par. The script seems lacking. Interesting supporting cast includes:Paul Kelly, Nat Pendleton and Red Skelton.
Gunbus was the UK title of this film. Some trench scenes were filmed at Marston Mortaine in Bedfordshire (Disused LBC clay pits). I know this because I was an extra for some scenes - my one and only venture into the film world. But I was a mere dot on the screen and absolve myself of any responsibility for this dire, almost unwatchable attempt at comedy. 18 million dollars? Well, the catering was good.
"Romero" is about injustice in the world but presents this theme without "preaching." It draws in the viewer through the excellent performance of Raul Julia (rest his soul! he is missed!). "Romero" is also about class differences and the intolerance of the powerful towards social change. It's a great film for teaching Americans about what life is like in the rest of the world. It's a Hollywood film that managed not to go Hollywood.
This has been the worst movie that I have seen in quite a while! The acting was horrible, so was the editing, the script and everything else about this movie. It was as if whoever filmed this movie walked into a taqueria with a home video recorder and told the employees to"pretend" that they were in a movie.Watch "Doce Horas" if you truly want to want to watch a funny movie with great actors!
What an awesome year the German movie scene has been having! And "23" was part of it... definitely one of the coolest (yet most serious) German movies in the last couple of years. While it still sacrifices some realism for the sake of suspense, it's probably one of the most realistic "hacker movies" ever made. I grew up with the same computing stuff Karl Koch uses in the movie, so I loved it. Yay!
This film kicks and punches. I have seen a lot of action films, and this one has the best direction for action sequences. The karate is just excellent, the one scene with the neon lights with the two dark combatents is way cool. The big man fight is interesting, and the story melts well with the action. This movie is about the action. The scene with the toilet almost killed Chuck in real life.
This is one of the coolest movies I've ever seen. So what if the special effects aren't that great, or if the origin doesn't stick to the comics. Nicholas Hammond does really well as the wall-crawler. The rest of the cast does good too. The fights are awesome and so are the stunts. This is definitely a must see for any Spidey fan, like me. I give this film a 10 out of 10.
The last and craziest of the six Hubie & Bertie cartoons, about two decidedly non-country mice. In this one, the pair have been living in a cheese factory and, having eaten enough cheese for the next two thousand years, decide to end it all, by leaping into the mouth of Claude Cat, their dupe in the Oscar-winning MOUSE WRECKERS. The entire cycles goes on and on, with many a funny sight gag. Highly recommended.
In the Netherlands everything with the word french in it, usually means something half finished, but that by no means applies to this absolutely wonderful film. It is funny, without slapstick, it is sweet, without sickeningly so and it is romantic. What else do you want from a feel-good film? The way the voice-over is doing his voice-overing is brilliant and the love-scenes are beautiful. Definitely a film to watch time and time again.
"Beyond Silence" is a tender look at the rift which develops between a young girl and her deaf parents as she and her interest in the clarinet grow. The film delivers it's story with a soft touch, avoiding extremes while maintaining an earnest sense of legitimacy. Excepting a few minor glitches, the film is technically and artistically well done, the acting good, the directing superb, and the story warm and thoughtful. A worthwhile watch.
Swedish/British co-production of a young Swedish boxer who is framed and forced into an inside agent mission in the 80's continuing cold war in 'neutral' Sweden. Based on a fairly successful novel by Swedish writer Harry Kullman, cheap production values not used to their advantage plus clumsy, deftless direction, sink this agent thriller, despite some tight scenes... and as a Swede, hearing my compatriot actors spouting really dodgy English accents just doesn't help much...
This is a film everybody should see. It is a truly mind opener for anybody who does not know what ethnic conflicts and war does with peoples minds. I did not think that this film would be that good when I rented it, but this is a film that stays in your mind forever and makes you think in a different way for the rest of your life. A must see masterpiece for short.
this movie was way way way way kiddish, it was cute and everything, a cute idea and all that but it was way too kiddish for anyone over 8, i mean it was funny at some parts but kind of annoying at most, i wouldnt reccomend it for many, it bored me right down to the ground so dont go see it unless your with your little brother or sister or are a parent
Wow! A great movie. Well, at least sometimes. A great start, nice playing and a (nearly) foreseeable ending. But the story is good though, so give it a try. It is really difficult to comment on this movie. I just had all the time a feeling of foreseeing everything but it wasn´t boring. You really have to see this one. 7 out of 10 points (alternatively: 3 out of 4).
One of my all time favorite mystery movies. The acting, and locales were first rate. However I must correct an error by a previous poster. The rich women murdered was played by Lois Chiles. She is also great in this movie. One thing that still puzzles me is how Jane Birkin got second billing? Oh well. If you like star-studded, thought provoking mysteries,this one is for you. 10 out of 10. Whodunit indeed!
"Kopps" was a really funny comedy. The way life is in a typical sleepy smalltown is portrayed perfectly, and the different characters are all funny in their own ways. The idea here is that a police station is threatened to shut down, because in this smalltown there hasn't been a serious crime for ten years. The policemen realize that something has to be done... and soon they're in deep trouble. I recommend it! 4.5/5
Joel Grey is remarkably fine as the lead in The Yeomen of the Guard. You probably remember his superb acting in Cabaret with Liza Minnelli. In Yeomen, Joel Grey is equally fine and steals the show with its gaiety and despondency as he loses his girl. This is one of the finer operettas by Gilbert and Sullivan. The songs are quite memorable. I wholeheartedly recommend this to lovers of musicals. Joel Grey is stupendous!
Someone once described this recording, the filmic version of Ad Nauseum, as "Pete and Dud on acid." This is hilarious. It's crude and shocking and clever and insightful. In years to come, this'll be a profoundly interesting social document. If any "film" ought to be blasted off into space for aliens from the planet Z to find and watch, then this is it. I'll bet they'd laugh their socks off at it as well.
At 2:00 am the story line would not let me go to bed. Had to stay up and finish till the end. Enjoyed it. If you are movie fan of old movies (and 50's TV) you will know many of the character actors faces (but not the names). Vincent Price was only name that I knew. All the rest have been in a billion movies. The story line was fantastic if it was true.
This is quite an underrated Hitchcock movie. While its not one of his best movies, this is actually quite good. The plot is very World War 2-inspired so that may be part of why it is overlooked. This does have classic Hitchcock suspense moments though (although the best one comes towards the end). A lot of dialogue here too and Tallulah Bankhead does an excellent job. Worth checking out if you are a fan.
Too bad he's only in it for a short while. This whole movie was sort of like Ghostbusters meets Men In Black. It has ghosts, gadgets, as well as my favorite Hong Kong actors, Sam Lee, Stephen Fung, and Nicholas Tse. It offered me a nice escape, and I'm currently watching the making of the movie on the DVD. Unfortunately, that part is not subtitled in English. It is still interesting to watch though.
This is the absolute best movie about the first five years (1959-1964) of the American involvement in Viet Nam ever made. If you want excitement and fiction, watch Rambo or Chuck Norris. If you want to see how it was (or as close as Hollywood gets to it), watch Go Tell the Spartans. People should understand that most war involvement consists largely of waiting and fighting - often a lot more waiting than fighting...
For some reason this movie got buried and ended up being released straight to video or whatever and the somewhat funny but crappier Van Wilder was released. There aren't many misses when it comes to the jokes(not as much as I can say for Van Wilder, American Pie 2 or Scary Movie 2). Maybe this movie was too controversial because of all the jokes with underaged kids? Anyway, this movie is a laugh riot.
This is, by far, the best Farrelly Brothers comedy to date. Few comedies can maintain the kind of comedic stamina and brilliance that Dumb & Dumber does from its title to the credits. It has just the right combination of innocence and absurdity to make it funny. What is most enjoyable about this film are the numerous and precious one-liners--from John Deere letters to generalizations about senior citizens--it provides so many opportunities to laugh.
Very engaging game! Fantastic space-flight graphics. Two aspects of the game that made it very interesting for me were the fact that you weren't confined to flying the same spacecraft on every mission, and the different paths you can take to reach the final outcome. The video sequences were well done, and actually added to the storyline instead of just adding fluff. It's still a space-flight combat game, but an excellent one at that.
You go see movies all the time hoping to be entertained, then something like this blows you away and makes all those evenings watching rubbish go away. Cowboys with pencil drawn moustaches, grisly ultraviolence, corny romance and beautiful but very strange sets and cinematography. Best of all, you can take your girl. She'll like the romance and you'll like the shoulder mounted missiles and Peckinpah (Can I spell that?) style squib bursts.
The movie is truer to the original Tarzan of E.R.Burroughs than almost any other one I've seen and I've watched them for over 40 years and have read 10 of the original books. Although the acting may not be first rate the story line isn't too far from the City of Opar book. I'd prefer more of the "savage, but civilized" side of Tarzan to be portrayed, along with less chimp and fake gorillas.
Wow i'm vote no 5000 a lot of people must love this movie too. Harrison Ford has played some great characters over the last 25 years but Jack Ryan rocks. As far as Tom Clancy stories go the Jack Ryan ones are the greatest. I just hope that more Ryan movies are made, they deserve to be... I rated this as a 10/10 movie only because the chart does not have any higher scores.
In this film, there is a lot of action. But, that's almost all. Poor acting, Hogan can only play with his eyes, even when he close them, and Shannon Tweed is never naked... Sigh... (For the aficionados, a little catfight between Tweed and an european nurse could be the best moment of this movie.) By the way, Shadow Warriors I is very much better, same team, same director, same action, but much more entertainment.
I saw this movie at the 2001 Toronto Film Festival, and enjoyed it quite a bit. It went over well with the entire crowd, actually (and the theater was completely filled). It is very different from the action films North American folks are used to seeing. The references given to loads of other action films may go over the heads of non-film-festival-type folks, but I still think action movie fans would enjoy seeing it.
I've seen this film at least a dozen times over the past half century and never tire of it. Fields is at his best, and the movie is hilarious. It ranks with You're Telling Me, It's A Gift, The Bank Dick, and My Little Chickadee. It seems incredible that this film gem has not appeared in either VHS or DVD. But such is the blockheadedness of the ruling powers in the media these days.
I can't believe anyone spent money to make this movie. It was really boring. The fight scenes were incredibly long as well as most of the other scenes. Camera work was practically none existent. There was a fifteen minute scene where Gary Daniels and another actor chatted while sitting on bench. Most of the time the camera was on a single shot. I can't believe I finished the movie; I was really bored :-)
The first thought was: "why would a successful doctor with the French wife decide to return to Stalin's Russia?" Nostalgia?. But then, when I was watching the movie, all events seemed so realistic. I'm truly believe that that's exactly what would have happened to them. No life, No escape, No future! The story is about sacrifice we all make for the people we love, but the price Marie and Alexei paid was too high.
This film is awful. What keeps it from being a 1 (1-10 scale) is the lack of a zero choice for such movies as Robot Monster, Best Defense and Fair Game. The editing is terrible, the script is worse and the acting is the very worst ("You don't wanna know me." -- Another stupid attempt at starting a catch-phrase). Gretchen Mol had the good sense not to have her name on this mess.
I was expecting a ho-hum story but instead I found myself pleasantly involved with the characters, especially Eric Stoltz, who wasn't a lawyer or a plumber, but a male nurse. This could have been very predictable but it wasn't, and I think that's why I enjoyed the story so much. It was great to see Maureen O'Hara, who I might add looks very pretty for her age. Overall this was a very touching movie.
This movie has to be one of the best teen movies ever made 1 day i was at the video store i came across this movie. so i hired it thinking it will be pretty bad, my god i was suprised, this movie is like one of those movies u always thinking of directing in ur head. not going to tell u much about the movie but just that it will surprise u
Girl Fever is a very funny film. It's not quite as funny as 'Eight Days A Week', but there are many great lines and hilarious scenes. One negative thing would be that it borrows from 'Eight Days A Week' a few times too many (our hero won't stop until he gets the girl, the sexoholic best friend, etc..). If you liked 'Eight Days A Week', there's no doubt you'll like this one too.
Not a bad show! Was part of a very popular Saturday Morning lineup that probably attributed to its success. Not as good as the rest of the lineup, but still funny. Included were many members of Taz's family including his valley girl sister, his laid back father, his action figure playing brother, and his mother, who was a typical mother! Hard to find on video, but if you can, I'd try and rent it.
I must say that it's the best danish picture I've ever seen, even if Festen also was a very good and interesting film. This is a romantic comedy which is as good as the best american and english once, for instance When Harry Met Sally... and Four Weddings And A Funeral. If you like that kind of movies and can accept the danish language =) you will like this movie, Den eneste Ene, too.
I saw it in 1969 and will never forget it. The cast was a fine cross section of the best Pommie comedy actors of the period. The sight of Marty Feldman in a nurses uniform with Crossed Bandoliers of syringes was surpassed only by Harry Secombes ode to the Pin Up. Would love to get it on Video - Does anyone know how we can get it onto CD, Video, whatever.
I'm a huge horror film fan, so I picked this one. Thank GOD I didn't have to pay money for this crap (I have a summer job at a video store). It lost me the second one of the character's said "Hello? We're a bunch of high school kids, and our car is broke down..." I would think that this movie should have just a little bit of creativity, but it didn't... negative 10
Eliminate the country, the brutal government, most real names, and what you have is a look into the inner sole of what it is to be human. Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu does a masterful job with this piece based on a massacre of people and shooting of a war photographer. These BMW Films have all been exceptional. This is true art... when your friends complain about Hollywood, tell them they are not looking hard enough.
Extraordinary documentary filmed in the late twenties of the last century in a remote region of the former Soviet Union, anticipates Buñuel´s Las hurdes in showing the poverty and hard lives of people with a mastery work of cinematography and edition. Mijail Kalatozov exhibits here very early why he could do I am Cuba more than thirty years later. Virtually unknown by young movie critics, it´s undoubtly a must for all movie critics fans.
This movie is one of the best of all time.First off the script is very good.Whitney houston is excellent with her Beautiful voice That i admire so much.i believe that This movie's Soundtrack is one of the best of all time. And of course it worthed the Oscar.Last but not least the end is not a typical movie happy end but a very good one.Thats why i think this movie has been so successful
Covers an area of espionage seldom seen in spy movies: cryptography and cryptoanalysis. The whole production is given a faint brush of the surreal and it works, especially with Dirk Bogarde's performance as the title character driven by obsessions (and often overwhelmed by them). That the film also manages to work on an occasional comedic level is an additional tribute to all concerned. Keep your eyes open for a pre-M*A*S*H appearance by Donald Sutherland.
I have watched this film over and over again, it makes my whole family laugh everytime. You have to know something of the way the Parisians live and be able to understand French pretty well to 'get' most of the jokes. The Americans tried to make a copy - Jungle to Jungle' and like so many other copies of French films it was terrible. Learn French - watch this movie - Laugh loudly.
The only thing I hate about this film is the idiotic cover which pretends to be a Rambo rip-off. The film itself shows the No Future life of a Vietnam-Vet in where he really gets pushed to the No Return stage so he has to rescue his family from their hopeless situation. If you watch this film based on the cover or the Troma-logo,don't bother, chances are that you feel rather drained after viewing.
This was a wonderful star-making vehicle for Diana Ross but the worst thing that could have happened to the legend of Billie Holiday. Billie was big, bold, gutsy and full of life. Diana Ross plays her as a sweet aenimic victim. The look is great and the music, not bad, considering. But it has zero to do with Billie Holiday and it takes a lot of nerve to try and improve on the original.
I've seen this movie probably over 200 times by now. I used to watch it every week when I was at school and even now it's as much fun as it always was. John Travolta and Olivia Newton John are perfectly cast and the excellent songs like "Grease", "Hopelessly Devoted to you" and "Summer Nights" are extremely well staged and performed. It's also fun to see again in the cinema since its 1998 re-issue.
...and is finished with the blood of men. Boorman's view of a tragic tale of lust and deception and magic and steel is presented without a message. The message is that which you see in the story. Stand Back, Be Silent, Be Still, and remember. For it is the doom of men that they forget. The merlin steals the movie and it doesn't get any better until the end.
Royal Hunt of the Sun has been called a cult classic. Maybe so, but for me it was an incredible movie with top notch actors. The film takes a different approach to Pizarro in Peru than one would expect. The mental conflict makes for a fascinating story line as well as a riveting performance by Robert Shaw and a jaw-dropping characterization of a Sun god by Christopher Plummer. It is truly a unique movie.
Sorry, I don't like this film. They tried to mix something of E.T., Free Willy and other child-animal films, but this time it did not work at all... The acting is very bad. Only Ernest Borgnine is OK as grandpa. The big turtle "Mel" is very, very fake. The face of this animal is copy of E.T.'s head. Did you ever see a turtle fly? Well, this one can... Bad film. Don't buy it.
I was excited to they're going to make a movie about heavy metal violence but I did not enjoy this movie at all, while it was slightly a bit enjoyable, overall I was highly dissapointed in it, I wish that they would focus more on the metal bands than the government. 1/10, the only reason why I give it a 1 instead of a 0 is cause it had some slightly enjoyable parts.
The only two reasons to watch this movie are on Phoebe Cates chest. This is better than the movie it copies "Blue Lagoon", but that is saying very little. The best way to watch this movie is to have your finger on fast forward. There is a lot of wasted time that will put you to sleep. Unless you are specifically interested in seeing the the reasons previously mentioned, don't bother with this mess.
What can I say about this movie?It's simply an utter garbage.The plot is completely idiotic(the killers roots on the loose)and the acting is lousy beyond belief.The special effects are laughable,the gore is non-existent.Very similar to "Seedpeople" but even worse.So if you are a fan of sheer stupidity rent this in pair with "Sorority Girls and the Creature From Hell".I am sure,that you'll laugh till it hurts with this turkey.Otherwise avoid it like a plague.
This cheap imitation of "The Night Of The Living Dead" is an earnest attempt to revive the "appeal" (and the chills) of the 1968 film, but while most of the appropriate ingredients seem to be in place, somehow they don't work. The film has no impact, no scariness. The desolate atmosphere - more a result of the setting itself, rather than of directorial competence - is about all it has going for it. (*)
Well, it's an interesting premise, but the director misses most of the opportunities it offers, managing only a handful of suspenseful moments. The film plays more like a whodunit than a horror film, but the "mystery" part is dreary, and the death scenes are silly and overwrought. What a cast as good as this one (including Sara Botsford, a real revelation) is doing in an unimportant little time-waster like this is anybody's guess. (*1/2)
The kind of film that you spend 30% of your life watching, because you can't help yourself... especially when you have nothing to do late at night except to channel surf and watch B movies... Good premise of a film, got me interested, forgave the cheesy acting, didn't mind the simple FX, but the script was real bad. I could have cried. If you have nothing better to do, go to sleep.
Substandard zombie flick offers little means of distinguishing itself other than an incestuous child played by a 26 year old midget. Some nice gory special effects in places, but the storyline, acting, dubbing, and zombie makeup are all either average or below average in comparison to other European zombie films of the time. Zombie film buffs may enjoy it, but for others, there are much better ways to spend an hour and a half.
Lousy is not enough to say how bad the script is. It doesn't really have a story and try to portrait this "surreal" environment on very slim intellectual background. It is a pure waste of time and money to watch it. Whoever are affiliated with this movie have made a terrible business and career mistake. Two thumbs down, way down. If the rating has -10, I will give it to this one.
This insult to the 'teen comedy genre' is both formulaic and predictable. This however is no surprize, as a movie like this is not, nor should be watched for its indivuality. However, my low expectations were still too high. It offers nothing to anybody with anything resembling a normal brain capacity. The only time I smiled was when the end credits starting to scroll up the TV screen - that was a happy moment.
You would think that a sequel to a half-decent horror flick starring Punky Brewster and Bill Clinton's little brother would be at least bearable, but this proves just how awful a movie can really be. The creature looks more fake than he did in the original, Lance Henriksen isn't in the cast this time and there isn't even any decent breast shots of Soleil Moon-Frye. A waste of time and (dare I say) talent.
This is as butchered as Shakespeare can get, if you for a moment forget about a insulting Romeo and Juliet with Leo Di Caprio and Claire Danes, or pitiful Titus with Anthony Hopkins. Movie, not just that it's very boring and pointless, but it's decapitation of Shakespeare's working. It's offensive to take his original setting of old Denmark, and put it into America. Movie is not worth watching and is a big mistake.
Strangely watchable, but not at one sitting!!!! Just look at the cast and story - NFL owner dies, leaves team to son-in-law (Kennedy)if he recreates travel of Chat Choo Choo to song (leaves Pennsylvnaia station at a quarter to four, etc) who is married to Hanley (Here Come the Brides, remember?), mistress is Eden, coach of team Namath, etc etc etc. Maybe if I could get a pan and scan edition of just Hanley?
The only reason to watch this movie is to see one of the greatest Japanese actors ever born (Mifune) in one of the dumbest "spaghetti-jidai-geki" ever made. The poor man must have got the script only after signing the contract. The story is truly imbecile, the direction and camera - very mediocre, and the movie looks like it's somebody's first try in cinema montage. How could anything like this ever get on the screen?
Strongly inspired by Tarantino's "Reservoir Dogs" and "From dusk till dawn" this movie has none of the qualities of the before mentioned. The acting is _very_ bad, the visual effects are less than average, the story is complete and utter nonsense (which you could forgive the movie if it was funny or action-packed) and characters appear and disappear in the story without explanation or reason. I am so sad I spent 4$ watching this!
Story of Renaldo Arenas' life, a Cuban writer life during the revolutionary period in Cuba. Subtitled in parts, it is somewhat lengthy, and depressing. Renaldo is gay as well, which I didn't know going in, so some male gay love scenes weren't exactly what I had hoped for. He makes it to America during the 1980 boatlift, but promptly dies of AIDS a few years later. I think the book would've been better. D+
There are so many flaws in this pathetic attempt at an action/airline movie I can't even begin to describe as I would be here all day! What is Tom Berenger doing in absolute crap like this??? I hope this was a huge loss for the film makers because it was a waste of 2 hours in my life I can never have back! ABSOLUTE RUBBISH! The script must of been written by a pre-schooler.
this movie looked interesting to me cuz i thought there would be a lot of gore. there wasn't. its about unit 731, who tortured a bunch of chinese people for experiments. its not that cool, the effects aren't that great. it has a cool story, and the plot is kinda nifty, but its slow. could have been a diamond in the ruff if they had made it better. mat "drumladdy" (the hot carls)
I let myself get talked into seeing this instead of The Last of The Mohicans.....I should have stood my ground. With free movies passes all the way around, we *way* overpaid. I'm surprised to see this listed under "Horror", but not "Comedy" - although it's neither funny, nor scary. It tries to be a spoof....but doesn't succeed. I didn't connect with any of the characters, and left bored. Don't waste your time.
This movie is filmed in ambient light with hand held cameras. It's got some pretty women in it, but you can hardly tell because it's lit so badly and the cameras jerk around so much. There's a little nudity but only in the context of degradation and violence, no sex. If you were looking for a sex comedy with dinosaurs, rent _Dinosaur Island_ (Fred Olen Ray and Jim Wynorski, '94) instead.
Oh how bad! My friend found this on video and he has a knack for finding the worst movies of all time. This may not be the worst he has found (see "Toxic Advenger" or "Night Patrol") but this one is real close. Poor Andrew McCarthy - I think he was better off lugging around dead bodies or those plastic things in department stores. Acting was bad but the storyline was worse. Enough said.
Not to make myself out to be conceited, but I think of myself as a Film Connoisseur. I am also a fan of Louis Gosset Jr. Anyhow I believe this script does not do him any justice. As far as Amy Locane goes. The only movie i found her remotely good in was airheads. I would only recommend this film to anyone who has those Summer Repeat blues and there is nothing else on.
This film is among the worst crap you can see on TV. Yes, I enjoy laughable b-action movies sometime but this is just torture. How in the world can you make up such a story and then collect North-Americas worst actors and make a film out of it???? I rather enjoy watching Dolph Lundgren making an ass of himself instead watch this movie again. DON'T SEE IT, and you will save some money. /NL
"Jawbreaker" is a very boring film. Don't be fooled by the premise, a cheerleader chokes on a jawbreaker or something. Instead, the first 10 minutes are pretty much the only thing the movie has to do with the girl. The rest is our lovely Hollywood stereotype teenage movie. You know, nerdy girl gets makeover and becomes homecoming queen, everyone listens to most popular tunes, etc. It is all like that. Don't waste your time.
I don't care for Harrison Ford, and I didn't care for this movie. The best thing about it is that the viewer is kept in the dark as to Ford's guilt or innocence of the murder of his former lover. Another plus is Raul Julia's fine performance as Ford's defense attorney. But these two elements cannot save this film. It lacks cohesiveness and lacks anything for us to really care about. 4/10
I really hate this movie but I like Jackie Chan movies in general, so what can I say? It tries to be some funny silly comedy but I didn't laugh one time, the jokes are so dumb, maybe if you are like 5 years and under you will find it funny, anyway I didn't watch the whole thing, after about 20 minutes I wanted to rip my head off it so terrible...YUCK... 1/10
How can two future Oscar winners star in a movie and have zero chemistry? Try a hackneyed plot, pedestrian direction with self-important pretentious, a grandiose score, and pointless dialogue. The cinematography is excellent, though, and the supporting cast, especially TV-veteran Edward Winter (best performance in film) is surprisingly robust, considering the material (EXCEPT Bo Derek, or course, whose notoriety from 10 is one of the reasons this was rushed to the big screen prematurely.
This is the worst movie I've seen in a long, long time. It's supposedly an action comedy, but the "humor" is less funny than puppies getting run over on the highway. The action scenes are funnier as Rodman tries to look like he knows martial arts, but you just wonder how come he isn't getting beaten senseless by people who are obviously thousands of times better than him. No action, no comedy, only pain.
Elizabeth Hurley is hopelessly lost in her role, trying to spice the devilish flavour with ridiculously idiotic walk - I had no idea that Dark One hopped around like (not even a Playboy) bunny. Brendan Fraser, although somewhat intense with early geekish Elliot Richards, enjoys being there more as the film grows. Watchable from a rather aesthetic point of view - dramatic changes of scenery make it fast and sometimes even fun.
I cannot think of one redeeming feature about this movie. The acting is wooden, the script unbelievably bad!! If there is a redeeming feature it is the scenery from many shots taken around New Zealand and the brief appearance of some rarely seen New Zealand artists. If you have a choice between a dentist appointment and watching this film, take the drill every time, even if it means a root canal!!!
I'm always looking for a good haunted house/ghost flick, and I have to say I haven't seen a good new one in years. Instead of something new, here we have a movie that borrows aspects and ideas from a bunch of other haunted house/horror flicks and combines them into one... making this very unoriginal and very dull. Watch The Shining, Poltergeist, The Changeling, Amityville Horror, and others instead of watching this rip off flick.
Could you make a worse tv movie? You could, but it wouldn't get on your nerves like this one. Holly Hunter plays possibly the most annoying character I've ever had the opportunity see. The only thing that makes this movie watchable is the very small appearance by Andy Richter from the Conan O'Brien show. Who cares if this is a true story, I feel cheated for the 2 hours I spent watching this film.
Jane Austen rolls in her grave every time this movie is played. The film adapts the story into a dark, sexualized drama meant to attract the attention of today's oversexed audience, but the success of previous Austen adaptations should have been an indication that this is not necessary. Mansfield Park adds in a least common denominator in order to appeal to a modern viewer, but this modern view just turned it off. Horrible!!
I was completely disgusted by this movie. It is just another example of how they butchered what used to be a great tv show. I loved the first movie, but this one is so horrible, you couldn't pay me to sit through it. The story line was dreadfully cheesy, the acting was worse than usual, and the "special effects" were definitely something to be laughed at. Take my advice, and don't waste your time.
If you are Italian and old enough to have lived there in the 70s/80s, then you will probably get the point of this movie: Moretti's conflictual relationship with the (then) Italian Communist Party. But that doesn't change the fact that the film is weird and delirious. If your clique is the intellectual/radical/snobbish kind, you'll have to say that the movie is superb. If none of the above applies, then pick another film.
Truly awful. This is a far departure from "No Cure For Cancer". The number one rule for comedians should be: NEVER talk about your kids or pets. Its just not funny. I could care less about how cute his kids are. I want serious comedy. Where's the edge? Where's the drugs, sex and rock n' roll? Let me put it this way, he used to bitch about cigarettes, now he complains about coffee.
I saw this movie on a flight to Florida...and I turned it off. There was nothing else to do...but I turned it off. It was awful! It really is a shame b/c the idea had great potential...the script was poorly written, poorly executed and just plain boring! It was like the Talented Mr Ripley...I kept waiting and waiting for it to get better...until the wait became excruciating!! LOL Take a pass on this one
I love all things Irish and was in hopes this would be a clever movie about an enduring Irish Legend. Instead I saw another version of "Cruella DeVille" acting out an improbable (even for a fantasy) story. The actor who played the leprechaun was good but the rest of the cast seemed to be along for the ride. When the film ended the only feeling you had was "why did I waste my time?"
I've been a fan of Kirsten for quite a while. Her acting is always excellent though the scripts are usually failing. Not this time. This movie is probably one of the better movies about the holocaust targetted at youths. The movie starts of weak, with a silly timetravel only to become so much more. I almost touched me as much as Schindler's list did. See it. I also must recommend the book. Very good indeed.
I'd have to say that this is easily my favorite movie of all time. it's a terrific parody of the inner workings of Hollywood, and it's backed up my absolutely amazing animation and special effects by Mr. Jittlov, who also does a wonderful job as the main character (himself), and the police dog. The producer does a good job acting as the producer (as he should!). Summary: See it! you'll like it! i promise.
I finally saw this sequel and it was better than what many people say. Murphy has some very hilarious moments and Reinhold and Ashton were just as good. Also, the action scene's were decent too, though the chase with the cement truck was'nt as good as the chase in the first with the transport truck. I did notice that the film lacked the freshness of the first one but still it was fun to watch.
Good show about a river boat plying it's way from town to town in the old south giving song and dance performances to the entertainment starved locals. Along the way a suave dude who makes his living as a card player meets the show boat owner's daughter and goes off the deep end. Things are great until his old life beckons and he becomes a wanderer again. Well worth seeing with a 2 hanky ending.
I've seen a lot of films but this is easily the one with the all-time worst dialogue. Also proof positive that Theresa Russell = horrendous film every time. It's not even possible to imagine how bad this film is -- it defies description. Ever worse -- I saw it at a film fest billed as one of the "Best of Erotic Shorts." If this was the best -- god help us, what was the worst?
I thoroughly enjoyed the entire movie and all of the characters. But I have to admit...I went back to see it two more times (so far) because of Terrence Dashon Howard. What can I say...those eyes and especially that smile! Oooooh, that smile! I saw the movie for the first time less than two weeks ago and saw it for the third time tonight. I'll be waiting for when it goes on sale. Please hurry!!
A pretty decent film, an amusing look at small-town Americans taking on the big city...and losing. This is vintage Jack Lemmon. A must-see for any fan of his. For anyone else, it's still a pretty good dark comedy of its time. Sandy Dennis is also quite good in her role. (I haven't seen the remake w/ Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn and so cannot comment on the relative virtues of the two films) Grade: B-
Touching and sad, this "comedy" is (intentionally, I think) more depressing than funny. It's one of those films that manages to make a serious statement about human nature purely by presenting believable (although zany) characters and behavior, never getting preachy. It manages to come across with a sort of anti-promiscuity message, while tittilating the (male) viewer with lots of footage of natalie wood prancing around in her underwear. And I have no problem with that.
This movie had an excellent story line. The actors were great and the choice of Matthew Lillard as Manic was genius. Lillard built upon his earlier "Scream" success playing a crazy. Saffron Burrows' portrayal of Angel was genuine and she sizzled as the Wing Commander! Special effects were very good. In my opinion, the movie was much better than I expected it to be. I recommend this movie to everyone, but especially Wing Commander fans.
I am not familiar with this type of preaching. Robert Duvall really makes his preacher believable, both in his faults and in his strengths. Certainly one of the best new movies that I have seen in a long time. The story will seem slow to those who demand violence every 5 minutes, but slowness is really necessary to give the full picture of the "Apostle" as he develops as circumstances change. A really outstanding movie.
The movie starts like a sort of mystery/thriller,when Janie pursues the truth about her past. Along the middle we find out what has happened to her and the movie changes into a human drama. I could really identify with Janie here, putting myself in her shoes. How she copes with the very sudden changes in her life really made me think about parents and family relations. Kellie Martin(Janie) gave a fine performance.Very much recommended.:)
I love this movie! It's the one for Christmas Time and contemplative hours. Wonderful music, snow, a charming Joseph Brooks! The romantic song: "If ever I See You Again", which Bob Morrison once wrote for his first love Jennifer,leads you through the whole film.( I wonder whether this lovely song is available on CD?) Sometimes you think, that the uncharitable Jennifer is not good enough for Bob! But, in any case, keep your handkerchief ready!
The original concept, the president sanctioning his own kidnapping to help his popularity, is always an intriguing one. Unfortunately, then finding out that the President didn't authorize anything and that it is the Cia and then not really the CIA and that Eric Roberts is some anti gravity, bullet dodging hero ends any integrity the movie started out with. Find something else to watch or watch the grass grow. It will provide more entertainment.
Even from the opening credits, I knew this movie would be enjoyable. Unlike most movies, the characters (no matter how minor) were entertaining, it was thought-provoking, and it had an actual PLOT. Despite all the violence, there were even some parts where I was laughing hysterically. The only thing I would advise is: if you don't like to watch movies with gratuitous sex, drugs, and (extremely) excessive violence, don't watch this movie. Otherwise, go ahead.
The Wraith is a fairly typical mid-1980s teen movie, with the twist of a revenge-seeking ghost. It's kinda neat seeing the bad guys get their due, and it has a nice happy ending. But who really cares about any of this...? The movie has Sherilyn Fenn in it - - 'nuff said. She's great (as usual), and Charlie Sheen is alright as well. Highly recommended, but mostly just for Fenn fans. Score: 7
I was so pleasantly surprised to see such creativity in a first-time movie. I was entertained throughout the entire 88 minutes of this film. The acting was excellent, the dialogue intelligent and witty, the location fitting for the story. When the movie was over I had a smile on my face and I am still thinking about the provocative theme of the story days later. This movie deserves to be seen by a wide audience.
This movie is stylish beyond belief. But what strikes me most is the way it manages to capture the reality of human emotions, how internal monologues are played out in the form of TV programs, how dreams are simulated by the magical movements of inanimate objects and talking photographs! It is a charismatic portrayal of inner existence and the most natural desire to pursue happiness, both in our life and that of others.
Entertaining film about a young girl whose parents are mute and depend upon her to communicate to the speaking world for them. Her aunt, a free-spirited musician, teaches her to play the clarinet, but the parents object. The young girl matures into a young woman whose musical abilities and desires become paramount. Her dependent parents attempt to keep her home and away from her chosen vocation. Well acted and a good drama. Large, yellow subtitles.
OK, the reason they called this movie "Hush", is so that you would be quiet in the theater while everyone was sleeping. What a dull film. It dragged on for the first hour, until Gwyneth was "ready" to have her baby, then you think the excitement might set in. yippee-ki-yi-yay. When the most invigorating thing in a thriller movie is a bitch-slap, you know something's wrong. Attractive leads do not mean a good movie... 2/10
People who find this film boring, clearly "don't get it!" It's not an action, sci-fi, mystery, or horror film. It's not "pop" film making to achieve "box office success". It's a piece about the "art" of filmaking, about style, and use of color and lighting. It's also about elements of personality and relationships that we don't find easy to look at or admit to. It's a brilliant film by one of our most brilliant filmakers!
If you love early sentimental Tom Waits, this is his peak. If you love the artificial look of Hollywood musicals of the fifties, you'll love the never-to-be-seen-again soundstage creations of the then newly formed Zoetrope Studios. If you love Teri Garr, this is the starring role of her career. If you want to see one of the last great visionary creations of the American 'new wave' that came out of the seventies, this is it.
Daniel Bernhardt is totally wasted in this lame attempt to duplicate the success of the HIGHLANDER series. It has the feel of a made-for-TV pilot and with some of the loopholes in the script it may be better to be viewed as such. It even tends to draw on some elements from JCVD's LIONHEART. Bernhardt obviously has true ability, but he is better suited for other films like BLOODSPORT 2 & 3 and TRUE VENGEANCE
I really enjoyed the film. I review 3 or 4 films per week and simply base my critiques, on the way they make me feel. I was recently at a film festival at the Palms in Vegas and watched 3 different films. I felt this film was probably somewhat based on a true story, and that the people behind the film put alot of heart into it. Great film and I recommend it for families.
As usual, Clint Eastwood gives an excellent performance as a detective in charge of finding a serial killer. This movie was made prior to the glamorization of "serial killers" in which the focus is on the weird, whacked-out antics of the deranged killer rather on normal people. Clint is also a single father of two young girls and the growing similarities between the haunts of the killer and the cop becomes a cause for concern.
Almost didn't see this, based on reviews here. Glad I did, it was a very entertaining film, with many genuine laughs. The only way I can explain the ton of bad reviews here is that I think the movie industry tries to hype every movie as if it was the absolute best ever made. It raises our expectations too high. This isn't a "great" movie, or a "blockbuster," but is was solidly entertaining throughout.
I watched this movie under the title "Primitif" with Holland subtitles. It was not interesting at all, the plot (if any) was obvious and the gore effects was not very good. Need I say that the acting was ham? The only positive thing is the intro soundtrack which was "We are the robots" by Kraftwerk, accompanied by some "stylish" jungle-footage. Bah! Unless you're a REAL jungle-exploitation/cannibal-movie fan, this is not worth the 90 minutes.
I won't waste any more time on this, but don't think that it has any sort of artsy freaky weird '67 trippy horror vibe... it sure don't. They actually fill/waste so much footage in the thing: there's a 6-minute montage (complete with bad lo-fi jazz) of the circus guys taking down and setting up in the next town. SIX MINUTES!!! Totally stupid. Awful writing, thinner-than-cardboard characters, UGLY photography/editing, no plot, painful acting, STUPID.
I believe that Karan Johar has amazing capacity to make people laugh or cry. In this melodramatic movie he has put very nice and humorous patches of comedy. But I strongly believe that the movie is with plenty unforgivable loopholes. I cant understand how a person with such a serious heart trouble can run like Carl Louis, dance like Michael Jackson and sing like Enrique. Please make some realistic hindi movie like Satya.
This movie is by far the most gripping movie of all time! I am a great fan of Mr. Ford and his acting in the movie is spectacular! The graphics alone will shock you and the music by Jerry Goldsmith is very delightful. Anybody who knows Jerry Goldsmith's work will note a Star Trek feel to the music! To sum it up this is a total movie and very watchable over and over again! 10/10
This avant garde piece miraculously comes off without being cliché or dismissible (as is so common with artsy avant garde film). Peggy Lynch (I'm assuming is his daughter) goes through a sequence of harrowing events that had some connection with the alphabet. I particularly liked the bed-wetting and the dirt. The person I watched this with said the dirt looked very "inviting." I strangely agreed. Only Lynch could make dirt inviting. Very interesting work. 8/10
A good effort from Republic,with exciting effects including a horse to train transfer by Yakima Canutt, concerns Noah Berry's efforts to take over a railroad and John Carrols[as Zorro] heroic efforts to stop him. Good location photography,and supporting acting adds to the excitement. Whitney and English direct in fine style.The primitive musical score [used in earlier serials],detracts. Though not the same caliber as Zorros Fighting Legion, this is still a top notch serial,well worth viewing.
This movie does not even try to capture to mood of the drive-in. It is just a place where people go to get killed. With a character actor like flowers, you would expect some attempt at characterizations, but his own talents are not reflected in the script. It is really hard to believe that people thought the "Plan 9 from outer space" was worse than this. That movie is a masterpiece compare to this one.
This is an excellent mystery thriller. It's probably the best remake of a Hitchcock film to date. The many plot twists, turns and surprises kept me riveted to the screen. Michael Douglas is excellent as always, Gwyneth Paltrow vulnerable and gorgeous as the wife and newcomer Viggo Mortensen is suitably oily and cunning as the third member of the triangle. Its not Hitchcock but I'm sure that he wouldn't object to this film. Highly recommended.
I laughed and almost cried about this movie. Its a typically Dutch made movie for which one needs a bit of knowledge about dutch culture. A Film you most see. As a member of a etnic minority I saw a lot of simularity in settling and about intergration and its difficulty. I read a comment about this movie being Dull,´Well´, then Dutch culture has its dull sides, are you willing to see beyond!
This is the best caper film since "Topkapi". It's smart as a whip, has a great cast, and never takes itself too seriously. I had a great time watching great actors like Redford, Poitier, Ben Kingsley, etc., just enjoying being in a great popcorn movie. There's deeper meanings in it, if you want them, or you can just sit back and let "Sneakers" take you for a great ride. It's a really, really good movie.
Daniel Haller directs this adaption of a H.P. Lovecraft story. A young warlock(Dean Stockwell)steals a one-of-a-kind book of spells and is determined to conjure up a way to bring back a society of witches and warlocks to earth. A strange and sometimes boring story to follow. The background score by Les Baxter is haunting and keeps the movie drudging along. Also in the cast are Sandra Dee, Sam Jaffe and Ed Begley. I expected more.
This game is a fine example of how one is supposed to use the new media. The story really grabs you tight and the only thing you want is more. Mankind is fighting a losing war for survival in a galactic war against the evil catlike race Kilrathi. The game begins at the carrier "Tiger's Claw" and evolves quickly to an engrossing story about humanity's finest hour. I surely can recommend this game!
Ooohhh...for crying out loud ... If this isn't your cup of tea then WHY do you watch it AND feel necessary to rate it poorly ? If you're in sf and/or horror get this on a friday night, make sure you're in the right mood (ie a few bottles of beer wouldn't hurt )and you'll have riot... Just watch those 'multi-million dollar special effects'... I'm looking for it on DVD but so far no hope..
who thinks that this movie was completely lame? the only reason i watched the whole movie was because i expected a good ending at least. but even the ending is just so crappy and lame that i can't help thinking that i wasted my time on this boring movie. watch it if you are a raechel leigh cook fan, but even her performance didn't move me at all. rating - 4 out of 10 stars.
One of the smartest movies to come along in a great while, it's also very funny. Beatty's transformation from a suicidal senator on a campaign trail he no longer cares about to the life loving man who embraces urban hip-hop culture to the hilt is great. The best comedic moments are when Beatty is in his "rapper" mode, speaking in rhymes at campaign functions and tv interviews. A really great movie, you won't be disappointed.
Before i watched this movie i did not think it was going to be very funny,but when i did see i laughed almost all the way through. Adam Sandler's chracter really loves his girlfriend in the movie and tries really hard to get her back. John Turturro is also funny in this movie. Bobby Knight and John McEnroe have cameos in this movie. And Woody Harrelson and Heather Graham have small parts in this movie.
This short, nominated for an Academy Award, (I'm surprised it lost, though I've never seen the winner, as far as I know) is a funny, sad, sweet look at life through the eyes of a child growing up in Canada. An excellent adaptation (by the author) of a story by Mordecai Richter and yet another feather in the NFBC's cap. Caroline Leaf is a marvelous director and this is one of her best. Most recommended.
I watched this movie with my boyfriend, whom thought this movie was ridiculously stupid. I thought it was pretty good. I hate spiders naturally, and I was scared in the movie for the people the spider was going after. There are many moments, the flick seems totally unrealistic. Overall, I thought it was pretty good. It kept me interested, I didn't fall asleep, and the suspense kept me watching. Not bad, give it a chance!
This movie was not a mediocre remake. Though I haven't seen the original I thought the acting was done well, and the characters all had some heart put into them. Sly did a heck of a job portraying a character who if brought back to any degree of real life would have been better. If you had been put into this movie, I doubt you would have done better! Good Work,Sly!
This film is funny and very good in general for light cinema. Some shots are clever as well as for Ewa Aulin's acting... as an innocent blonde sexy girl through the whole film...some acting scenes are hilarious. Too bad she never had the chance to become known for her work. In all i rate this movie a 7...not more because the ending is a little odd for me...go watch it for good entertainment.
I just watched the DVD of this movie and loved it. A doesn't-take-itself-to-seriously romp of a true story about basketball point shaving in the early 90's. Krumholtz is fantastic (as usual). Ernest Dickerson does a great job. And the script is sharp. Big props to FX these days for doing some colorful stuff. If your interested in seeing a made for cable movie that attempts, and often succeeds, at doing something special... check this one
Ah, the 80s, when Full Moon/Empire/Whatever movies still had a budget and were actually watchable. This one does it's best to remind the viewer that he has seen this story countless times. However, "Shadowzone" is competently made and directed, the cast is o.k. and the special effects are EXCELLENT for what they must have cost. It delivers the gory goods, too (nice exploding head...). Monster movie fans will surely get a kick out of this...
In a sordid setting, the plot unfolds with a Contemporary feeling of British realism. Failure of relationships and family emerge in an Inner City environment. Suddenly the characters relate in a humanistic fashion. Though slightly contrived, we begin to accept to the message of the film. Brilliance of movement and color are stated and warmth and understanding are born. With a tear, we face sensitive and tentative feelings with the intent of the film, "Wonderland."
This movie is pure horror! The plot is simple : A group of teens have to repair an old house, but when one of them hits a grave in the backyard, and old lady awakens from death, and one by one, these teens get killed by the old lady. Well, you have to watch the movie to understand it. This movie has plenty of gore, and some scares. Any horror fan should watch it.
This movie is totally awesome,when i saw this movie first time back in 1995, i thought it was great funny and somewhat strange. I now own the movie on Paramount DVD and it is still awesome not that it should be in the top 200 but a maximum of 7.1. This movie rules and it is along with Wayne's World and Wayne's World 2, the most awesome movies from Paramount of the 1990's.
As an avid watcher of the Real World... I was totally disappointed in the storyline and well, its characters... it was badly played out and possibly the only good part of the tv-movie... was Adam, the frat boy's face... otherwise the characters were very bland. Roland, what kind of name is that, who planned the Real World 'Challenge' was a terrible character. Bunim and Murray... that was a low blow to your Real World Wonder.
First half had me laughing out of my seat. Being a Canadian-born confused desi I could relate to all of the humour. The second half of the film was a bit of a letdown as the writer tried to resolve the issues in a quick fashion. I would liken this movie to "Soul Man" where there was great potential but only a "good" movie as a result. Thoroughly enjoyable but could have been a classic!
This movie had a good idea, that is, how a colony of vampires might live, what they do to survive, etc. However, it just didn't work out right. The pacing and performances were not up to snuff, and any movie in which you have characters standing in a barn full of Holstein cattle, and explaining that "Jersey cows make richer milk", obviously had problems in the design phase. Just a bad film...
This is one of the rare films that are so bad that it's actually good! When I watched this with my brother we were laughing so much that our stomach were in agony for days... I just watched Cohen's The Stuff and there were similarities like Moriarty's wooden acting and really campy settings and lousy special effects. If you like bad movies this The Stuff is a must-see! Can't wait to own this on DVD...
Sometimes this gave me and my friend Andrea a real scare (it 's VERY suspenseful), it's always pitch black outside and you never know when someone might pop out at you! There are many puzzles and they're pretty tough but so I found the built in hints VERY useful! I fully recommend the Pandora Directive, but don't think that it's something quick and easy! It has 6 CD's for a good reason... It's long! :)
I have to say that after watching this movie the first time, I totally enjoyed it. Second viewing was somewhat bored but still liked it. By the third viewing, I noticed it was too long, some scenes were boring and pointless and I"m sick of the male lead being 30 years older than the female lead. Nonetheless:good acting, good dialouge(for the most part), good direction, but after repeat viewing the movie doesnt hold its strength.
Sol Svanetij (Salt for Svanetia) was made in 1929 about a remote Ukraine primitive Northern isolated area of the Ukraine where the people are poor, preyed upon and severely lack salt (animals lick blood, urine to find the precious commodity). Religion is one of the people's curses ... they donate their few coins to the Church that doesn't do much to relieve the populace suffering. Wonderful photography in the highly edited Russian style. Highly recommended
Why isn't Gary Daniels a big star yet? This movie should have been released in theaters. It sure beats anything Van Damme or Seagal have done lately. It has car chases, shootouts, and fighting galore! The car stunts were amazing! Gary Daniels fighting skills are fantastic. If Hollywood producers were smart, they would stop wasting their time on has beens like Seagal and try to make Gary Daniels the next big thing in action movies.
This is a VERY bad movie, but that's half the fun of it. It starts out as a typical chicks in prison movie then when they get bored of that it becomes a 'buddy movie'. Copious amounts of nudity and unneccesary shower scenes, incredibly bad acting and one of the worst scripts imaginable make this an entertaining exploitation flick. Oh yeah, and the character 'slash' (the REALLY bad actress) used to be a porn star.
I happened upon this movie just channel surfing and was just floored. Great movie from start to finish. Elias Koteas gives an awesome performance that just shows once again how he is one of the most overlooked actors in Hollywood. But what really caught me was the story and dialogue. This movie was wonderfully written. I would've never guessed Hogan had it in him. Enjoyable movie and I strongly recommend it. Two enthusiastic thumbs up!
I love Arthuiran Ledgends, and this movie does a great job of translating the best of the Arthurian ledgends. I'm pround to call this one of my favorite movies. Now, if you consider yourself a buff on legend then see this movie, and never see 'First Knight' which was just terrible. I enjoy mostly p***ing on people who claim 'First Knight' is remotely a good movie. Make yourself happy and watch Excalibur, have some dignity.
This has to be the worst horror film ever, pathetic storyline, and the film looks like it's been cut by the uk censors. The film is 76 mins of rubbish, the thing in the cellar looks like it belongs in a 50's sci-fi film and is nothing like the cover for the film. An italian dubbed film with horrible acting and and cheesey script. The worst thing about it is now i own it!
"More Dogs Than Bones" is a comedy about some crooked cash which gets so doggone lost that no one can find it. Supposed to be a comedy, this dog stumbles clumsily along with a monotonous storyline punctuated with some comic relief which is so bad the only relief is when the film ends. How so many good actors could end up in such an awful film is beyond all reason. Pass on this puppy. (D+)
Okay, first off I noticed this movie is insanely high, it's in the top 250 (I forget where) and I really did not like this movie. The acting was good, the premise was good, but the plot was utterly predictable and the dialogue was just awful. and this whole "secret ending/twist?" I think that anyone who saw the Sixth Sense could see it coming. This movie is overly hyped, and ranked way too high. 3/10
I saw this movie on TV without much expectations, but it turned out to be worst than I could have imagined. In fact, S.F.W. is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. Both the plot and the characters are completely cliched to the point where it's almost painful to watch. It seems like this movie was made just for Stephen Dorff to act self-important in and appeal to the not-so-bright kids of the grunge generation.
For somebody who has seen the French original with Pierre Richard and Gerard Depardieu, this is the worst remake of a movie for all times. Martin Short might be a good comedian and Danny Glover is a good actor, but as a team they are not even close to be as funny as the original team. I don't know, why American filmmakers always try to make remakes of French movies and fail on the attempt.
American Psycho 2 makes the predecessor, American Psycho look like an Academy Award winning film. I hated this movie. Mila Kunis should immediately fire her agent for getting her casted in this piece of trash. I found many of the murders in this "film" hard to believe. William Shatner's appearance didn't help. If Kunis wants a career after "That 70's Show" is off the air, I suggest she be more selective with her film roles.
Powder follows a well-established formula: outcast develops special powers, finds love, gets vengeance on his tormentors. Many good movies have been made on this theme. Powder is not one of them - after a promising beginning, it turns into one of the worst films I have ever seen. The film wallows in its victim mentality, and one emerges not with a sense of victory but of depression. Rating: skip this one, see Phenomenon instead.
I have been a fan of Randolph Scott westerns since childhood and enjoy most of his work, but this movie plods along so slowly that you wish that everyone would shoot each other early and end the misery. The good guys & gals are too noble and self-righteous and the villains are obviously rotten, evil and stupid. The best thing about the film is the color scenery. 1 * out of 5.
I don't know why Gibson's work does not translate well to the screen, but this is another example of a bad medium translation. In the short story, there is tension through the entire work. The film seems to center on the voyeuristic side of the sex scenes being played out on screen. These scenes have little or nothing to do with the plot. The main characters wasted their considerable talent in this very forgettable movie.
A rehash of "Love story" - the opening monologue is a verbatim translation - this film is a prime candidate for "cruel and unusal punishment". To say that the actors have the acting range of wooden puppets is actually insulting to said puppets. The lead actor should be disbarred from acting ever again. To sum up, given the choice between a root-canal and watching the movie, i would exhort you to choose the former.
This one is maybe the worst movie ever made about the eternal legend of Camelot and the King Arthur. Bad direction, a cast who seems lost and trying to live a distant experience. The main lines of the legend are equally mistreat here and the relationship between Queen Guinevere and Lancelot goes against the common version. A great waste of time. Anyway, Donald Pleasance is always a delight to see. I give this a 3(three).
Do not see this film. There is no plot, no story, and unattractive people. The whole film consists of a woman cutting at parts of her body. I had to look away at many of the bloody scenes. I would have walked out, except I wanted to see how it ended. The ending was ???? Who knows? The small group of people who attended this showing were grumbling on the way out. What a waste!
A young virginal bride, an old haunted castle, and a twisted sexual curse! Sounds good? Don't bet on it. There are a few scares in this ponderous adaptation of the novel FENGRIFFEN, but they are very few and far between. By the time the family secret was revealed I had lost all interest. One more thing.What does the title 'And Now the Screaming Starts' have to do with the movie? You've got me.
I have numerous complaints about this film but most importantly I did not like the characters and did not understand their feelings, motivations or actions. The was no advancement of the plot or resolution of any issues. My interest in the film was only slightly raised by the interaction between Ribisi and the father. I am treating the 90 minutes I spent watching this as a "what not to do" primer for my own screenplay.
This movie could have been pretty funny and unique but two things really bothered me. Why oh why did they cast a woman for the character Perry? It's so obvious! And the second thing that bothers me even more is that at least 10 (!) times the micro is visible, which is not very professional and yet not hard to avoid... But still, there are some good laughs if you're not expecting an intelligent movie.
I watched Bitter Blood to its bitten end, three grueling hours! You might ask why I watched to the end. Well, after sitting through the indescibably awful first two hours, I needed to see how this mess ended. Let me just say that when I shut my TV off at 11pm I was less than happy. Out of the 1602 movies I've voted on, one of the three I've given a rating of 1. Horrible.
Dreary and very slow. Almost pointless. There maybe something here, but that would be a real stretch. A game between the socio-economic classes: the have's and have-not's. Pseudo-psychological? Is it possible that Nastassja falls for a male bimbo? It is no wonder that this film will probably never see the light of day in a DVD format. The darkish, grim European dock/waterfront slightly lightened up a bit by a red convertible car, driven by Nastassja.
To retell the stories of the Bible is too difficult to do on a low budget. The series "Anno Domini" shows this perfectly. In addition is is filled with presumptions that are not historically correct: Like for instance, that Peter went to Rome. It is a historical fact that Peters grave was discovered merely forty years ago in Jerusalem, by catholic archaeologists, but that the Vatican tried to cover it up. They didn't make it.
This movie has everything: Inane writing; heavy-handed direction; call-in acting; a voice-over that attempts to tie a series of pointless scenes into a plot line. Someone lacked the courage to say no, no, no. Anything that might have been edited out would have doubtless been better than what was edited in. Student films are better. What's Up Tiger Lily was better. A Woody Woodpecker cartoon is better. A George Burns/Bea Arthur porno would be better.
Saw a sneak preview of Starsky and Hutch Saturday night. With the talent involved - this should've been a whole lot funnier. Even the parts that are obviously meant to be the memorable comic moments mostly fall flat. How can you have a movie with Vince Vaughn as the main villain and it not be very funny? This makes Zoolander look like a comic classic, which it certainly is not. An opportunity wasted. 4/10
The original concept, the president sanctioning his own kidnapping to help his popularity, is always an intriguing one. Unfortunately, then finding out that the President didn't authorize anything and that it is the Cia and then not really the CIA and that Eric Roberts is some anti gravity, bullet dodging hero ends any integrity the movie started out with. Find something else to watch or watch the grass grow. It will provide more entertainment.
this is the movie that killed the ninja turtle francise. The turtle costumes and splinter looked horrible as compared to the other films and the jokes are old and tired, for example - "Im a turtle and i can't get up". Thats so overused its annoying. The one bright point was Casey Jones returning, but he only makes a cameo in the film and is totally wasted. A sad end to the ninja turtle series.
Inspector Cool Head (not my translation), an honest cop who suspects a frame on someone accused of murder. It's the kind of movie you keep telling yourself, I'm just going to watch it for another 5 minutes.....next thing you know the movie is over. At times the DVD picture was clean, but more often than not it seemed I was watching a tape in extended play. I would recommend a rental instead of a purchase.
When I was 9 years old someone brought over this movie and we watched it. I sat through the entire thing. At the end the credits rolled up and in my innocent 9-year old voice, I proclaimed that this was the 'Worst Movie Ever Made!' I am now 17 I have never seen the movie again I stand by that assessment. Stupid, poorly acted, poorly directed, destroyed a reasonable book Highly unrecommended
This is a very average film. The acting is pedestrian at best, the characters are extremely one dimensional & the storyline is incredibly un-original. This film had no point other than to show the supremacy of the original film. Even by "made for cable" standards this film is totally unsatisfying. If you are a fan of the original - do not see this film - you will want those 90 minutes of your life back.
It's amazing to me how such a talented cast could be involved with such a ridiculously bad movie. Yes, guns are bad, but this film almost made me want to go out and buy one just to fire it at my television. The only thing this film made me think seriously about was whether or not I could go back to the video store and return it in time to get something else for free.
Well, I bought myself this movie as it seemed to have an interesting content.But how I was disappointed, poor acting, a very poor story (sometimes getting real grotesque too) and even the making of the film looks sad.My advice for the director: Much shouting and beating doesn´t make a second ROMPER STOMPER, which is, a classic of modern films..at least that´s my opinion.So maybe more concentration on the story and better actors will do it.
I went to the film with high hopes, being an Albert Brooks fan and truly enjoying his humour. I was sorely disappointed though in the production values and the performance of the terrible Sharon Stone. There were so many glaring continuity errors and technical glitches that what ever humour remained in the production was quickly lost. Here's hoping for a better effort from Brooks the next time. Jeff Bridges is totally wasted in the movie!!
This is probably by far the worst movie I have ever seen. I'm not even going to pretend that I enjoyed watching this piece of trash. This is quite possibly the worst movie ever made, and I would suggest to you to rent this movie to witness for yourself. It will be a difficult one to find, but if you ever get your hands on this make sure you rent it. 1 out of 10
Here we have another so-called horror flick made only for tasteless teenagers or fans of modern teen flicks like "Urban Legend" or "Scream".No violence,no real thrills,only a lot of predictable cliches.Oh,and there's also incredibly dumb sequence when one girl is scared to death by strange masked figure(Ha!Ha!).I hate those completely commercial 90's slasher films.If you want good eerie horror movie rent "Texas Chain Saw Massacre","Wolfen" or my favourite "Scarecrows",but stay away from this crap.My rating:3/10.
Here's the immediate problem I have with this movie: Ah-nold trying to be a spy. Sure, he can handle the tough-stuff, but I highly doubt he could sneak around that well. As for the rest, rehashing of James Bond stuff with a annoying Tom Arnold on back-up and a totally taste-less strip scene that makes the movie even longer. Bond movies get to the point in normally two hours. That's all that should be required.
This movie lacks anything worthwhile. The story is rehash and the cinematics get annoying within the first ten minutes. Constant closeups and slow motion get too aggravating that this movie looses its entertainment value very quickly. Although whenever one watches a movie, a bit of "suspension of reality" is to be expected. But with this movie, it becomes laughable and lame. I had flashbacks of watching "The Core" with some of the cheesier moments.
I didn't know it was possible to make a picture this terrible. Not only is the movie not scary in the slightest sense, but also the bad parts of it that are often so funny in other horror movies are completely dull in this one. If you read the movie title and thought it sounded lame, you've basically gotten all the emotion this one can muster and shouldn't waste your time actually watching this flop.
The Monster Musical has been a failed genre since the brave creation of "The Incredibly Strange Creatures..." Like almost every monster musical before and since it has the distinctive characteristic of being truly awful. The best and by far one of the most painful scenes is when Vincent Price gives us a little lesson in monster genealogy. If you ever wondered the family history of the Weregoo or the Hudoo, this is your flick.
It might very well be a rare find - and the video copy I tracked down was of pretty poor quality - it is first and foremost dreadfully boring. Since apparently there was no money for a set sound recordist the whole film is 'explained' in voice-over...and still it doesn't make any sense whatsoever. Literally everything about it is bad, and not even funny-bad or entertaining-bad, just plain boring bad. A complete waste of time.
This was one of biggest wastes of 2 hours. I felt the film was poorly acted. My biggest problem was some of the inaccuracy of some of the games that were featured the wrong teams. I realize that I am big football fan, but how hard is it for the writers to do a little research on the games and particular teams involved that were played in the history of Monday Night Football?
This film is about the minutiae of office work as experienced by four female office workers. It is a film without a single redeeming feature. It was so bad and so boring, that it was fascinating. For all those that believe office work and office life is largely pointless and the ultimate in tedium and boredom, this film will confirm it. Why was it made, and how did its makers ever raise the funds?
The idea of making a film about the secrets and wonders of inside the Earth sounds like good idea for a movie but this movie just can't seem to deliver.The actors are bareable(well sort of)except for the main charecter who is just as way to smug.As far as special effects and set the crew did a okay job.And the plot would be better if there were more creatures and stuff and less of a boring,tedious buildup.
The idea of making a film about the secrets and wonders of inside the Earth sounds like good idea for a movie but this movie just can't seem to deliver.The actors are bareable(well sort of)except for the main charecter who is just as way to smug.As far as special effects and set the crew did a okay job.And the plot would be better if there were more creatures and stuff and less of a boring,tedious buildup.
This enactment of Tom Clancy's book is pretty accurate to content of book aside from a little over dramatization of the "Bill Gates" character and his evil empire/web browser. It's still not as dramatic as reading the book. I wish the pretty assassin had played a more prominent roll as well as... but, I don't want to ruin the story line for anyone. Read the book first and you will enjoy the movie more.
I remember watching this movie. It was like 10 years ago. I was only 13 and I still remember it. Because of all the excitement and nice working. I really think that this is one of the real classics of movies! What gets me even more is that the story doesn't end "good". The main character dies and that is a rather suprise ending. All in all a real classic of a movie. In my opinion
Starring Lorenzo Lamas, Brenda Strong(Seinfeld's braless wonder) and Frank Vincent, Undercurrent is an intense, sun-splashed, psycho-sexual thriller filled with intrigue and an array of cagey characters. The film has plenty of twists and unexpected scenes. Great locations and cinematogopry capture the fascinating urban locations of historic old San Juan, elegant hotels, palatian homes, picturesque seascapes, and even the cockfight colleseum. This is a change of pace film for Lamas and he carries the role very well.
Nobody should have to sit through this. Who are the jokers that gave this a 10? Stupid premise, unsatisfying conclusion. The only thing this has going for it is the gorgeous breasts. Minor spoiler: My favorite part: when the ship course is changed, and the people on the bridge get thrown all over by the abrupt directional/speed variation while the characters all over the rest of the ship are completely unaware anything had happened.
'The Eel' proved how the director Shohei Imamura is good at describing life-sized characterization and mental state. The main character's suspicion, madness, kindness and love, are closely related to what we have inside. Which made me sympathetic and devoted to the character. Shohei Imamura described the main character's complication by using the character's delusion. And, the usage of psychological and fantastic images strongly helped to express the human mind. 'The Eel' is a unique human drama.
Final Fantasy VIII is quite unlike any other computer game. The narrative and careful attention to plot resembles that of a film, as opposed to that of some 'childish' video game. Unlike Final VII the protagonists are actually shaped like humans allowing the player to identify with the relationships that develop. With over 100 hours of gameplay through beautifully crafted levels this game fails to strike boredom, even after completion. A truly great game 10/10.
This is the perfect movie to cheer you up when you're feeling blue. Almost everyone I have shown it to ends up smiling. There are so many things to notice that you can watch it again and again. (I also recommend Jittlov's many short movies, such as Animato, Good Grief and the original short version of the WoSaT. Grab any copy you can find-- they're not in stores and I had to beg to get mine.)
This movie is one of the greatest ever! I like it very, very much. It's a great start for Dreamworks. Unlike some other people, I think it was a good idea to make an animated movie about the Bible story and Moses. Animation is great, music also and it's good they made some characters funny. I think it would be a shame to miss a great movie like this one is. So go and see it!!!
This is an animation classic in Denmark! Unfortunately, it has been a while since it was shown in national television, but everybody my age (22) know it and love it. Just whistle the first few notes of the tune and people above twenty whistle along. This is a must see in Scandinavia. In Denmark a radioshow ran a campaign a couple of years ago so this movie could be shown in national tv.
anyone who played the wing commander series from start to finish will recognise the characters in the film, especially wing commander:prophecy. The plot itself is simple yet easy to follow. Matthew Lillard is up to his usual standard, and is perfectly cast as "maniac". Anyone who watches bbc's Holby city may recognise a few members of the crew also. all in all it could have been better, but then it could have been a lot worse.
The Apostle is, by far, the greatest movie of 1997. BETTER than Titanic. It's really a shame that Robert Duvall had to invest almost all of his own money to finance this film. People that he counted on to be there turned their backs on him. But that didn't stop Duvall from making this remarkable, powerful movie. If you're not moved by this movie, you must be either: 1) Stone Cold, 2) Satan, or 3) Dead.
I've been dragged to this movie by my friends and i must say that i hated every minute of this movie! it was like PLEEEASE MAKE IT STOP! Just the idea of making a movie out of a story like that puts me off. The english cinema has great movies, but this one is not one of them 4 sure! Highly overrated! And i wish the european cinema in general would get rid of this "realism"...
The best thing about this film is that there is no humor in it, unlike some westerns like the searchers. The plot has Joel McCrea in charge since all the officers have been killed and the men don't trust McCrea since he has such a deep hatred of the Indians, who killed his wife and kid. This is a lot like The Lost Patrol when which not too many are going to make it out alive.
An intriguing portrait of a young man drifting away from reality. And since that young man was a famous hacker with an unhealthy interest in conspiracies, the movie has got to be about conspiracies, right? Wrong. But that's exactly what the ads would like you to think. Very bad marketing for a very good movie. And beware: it can bring you to tears!! (Just thinking about that PDP in the rain makes me weep ... *sniff*)
This is one of the worst films made by many of the cast! Oscar nominee Liam Neeson as a hillbilly brother of Patrick Swayze! Hah! Bill Paxton and Oscar winner Helen Hunt went on to much greater success in 'Twister', but seem to just be paying their dues here. Ben Stiller looks miserable. Unfortunately, Patrick Swayze has made too many films like this one; he actually seems to belong here. Truly laughable from start to finish!
When it comes to bad "B" movies, Doug is the King! Some movies are just plain bad (i.e. "The Grifters") while others are exquisitely bad ("Warlords of Atlantis"). I will say this, "The Land That Time Forgot" is much "badder"! Don't get me wrong on this--I love all Doug McClure movies for the simple reason that they are so wonderfully bad. And I cried when I heard he had passed away--long live Doug on the screen!
Comic book movie adaptations have a terrible record overall, and Marvel comics has the worst record of all. This movie should be banned by the Geneva convention. The movie really seems to try to do credit to Peter Parker's comic book origins, but the budget, and effects limitations ensure that the movie looks cheesy and corny. For decent comic book adaptations look to X-Men, the first Batman movie, and (to a lesser extent), the Superman movies.
i was very surprised that this film was as good as it was. it had some amazing effects like a guy getting his leg cut off and charlie (who was a very very cool guy) gets shot in the belly with a shotgun a couple of times and you see a massive hole in him. the final sewer scenes were great as was the bit with charlie in the market place. very good film. 7/10
This show was so much fun. I suppose it could get on your nerves but it was never meant to be taken overly seriously. I was a kid when it first came out and I've seen every episode. That is probably the reason I like it so much. And I love Soliel Moon Frye, she is still pretty cool. THis is just a fun little show from the 80's that is just meant to be enjoyed.
Dick Powell , in this film, is the unlikely, subject of a would-be love triangle with Gale Page and Ann Sheridan. Unlikely because he resembles David Byrne from the Talking Heads and isn't exactly the type of guy you'd think Page and Sheridan would fight over. That being said, the real reason to watch this movie is Ann Sheridan, who is beautiful, but gorgeous. All in all Naughty But Nice is good, but ok.
Okay, I saw probably about 300 commercials on the Disney Channel for the movie DOUBLE TEAMED. I waited and waited, until I couldn't stand it anymore. I think it was the best Disney movie ever, Disney channel, or on a big screen at a theatre. This movie definetely deserved to be a real movie. The plot was great, the characterzations well developed, and everything else i forgot to mention was fabulous. ***** out of *****
The silly, uninteresting story (a computer that has the mind of a mother with a fixation on her son?) and the annoying overacting of some of the players are the two most important - but not the only - problems with this very, very minor sci-fi flick. However, the effects are good for what they probably cost, and Catherine Mary Stewart shows indications of being a strong female lead - she deserves a better movie. (*1/2)
Martin (Hache) is one of the best films because the plot is about feelings, about the relationship between humans. Real people listening, learning and talking with real people. Excellent characters with a lot to tell, to listen. A plot that we may live every day and we didn't notice, a plot that shakes to the point to think why you really are alive... If you miss this, you will lose two hours of reflection.
This movie rocks. The acting is superb,the plot is compelling; all in all its a great watch. I'd definately recommend it. If you can, you shoud get the DVD because It has director commentary along with the two lead actors, Maura Tierney (who is amazing) and Adrian Brody (also amazing). The director and writer, Richard Shepard, is way cool as well and does a great job, especially considering the film's small budget. Very suspenseful, compelling movie.
This film so NOT funny - such a waste of great stars, who seem to be caught up so in their own stardom that they forget. Only shining moments belong to John Cleese as the hotel manager who likes to dress up - you almost fall out of your chair with helpless laughter when he dances to Donna Summer's "Bad Girls" while wearing high heels, a mink coat and a dainty hat. The rest: FORGET IT!
Oh my God! This film was incredibly touching. I think i lost a litre of cry water during the whole film. Penn was incredible. I think he really would have deserved an oscar for this. Michelle Pfiffer was great as usual. But the young girl, Dakota Fanning, was the one who stole my attention most of all. So young and yet such a performance, and with such ease it seems! This film is one to watch!
This was one of most touching movie I have ever seen. I was so close to cry when I saw it. Sean Penn did an excellent performance - maybe his best performance ever? I got so touched when I watched this movie...A beautiful and a lovely movie. I rate this a 9 and not 10 because there was some little errors that could have been fixed..but it didn't bother me so much. ~C
This movie is truly an excellent example of how computer animation is supposed to be done, realistic look is unbelievable and the feeling of movie is unforget-able and need to see again like experience. extraordinarily well done expressions were so humanlike and had this thing called SOUL in them. Awesome accomplishment from animator/s! So many good things in it that if I try to write them all down I'll never leave this computer in this life.
This movie is the best independent film I have seen. I have 9 hours of college credit in psychology, and this movie hit on so many emotional levels - fear, guilt, betrayal, angst, and terror...it truly is a thriller! It should be compared to the independent greats such as: Blood Simple, Pi, Halloween, etc... not recommended for young adults, it is undoubtably an adult thriller! If you love Hitchcock, you will love "The Man Next Door".
Yvette Mimieux is a tough, terrific actress, and she cuts an assertive, sexy presence on the screen(especially in these, her later post-"Time Machine" years)but "Jackson County Jail" is just a slapdash effort that managed to catch on with cable audiences in the 1980's. Woman is unjustly jailed while driving cross-country, escapes prison with the help of convict Tommy Lee Jones. Tailor made for drive-ins, ending on a silly, pretentious note. Lock it up! * from ****
Charles Bronson stars as Paul Kersey a mild mannered businessman who turns vigilante after a brutal attack on his wife and daughter in this thought provoking, well made and humorous box office smash. Death Wish is indeed a pioneer in the genre for which it spawned, and overall it holds up well today as it did in the 70's. Charles Bronson's most note worthy date, and certainly one of his best. Followed by 4 weak sequels
"Crumb" is a documentary, and an emotional glimpse into the life of Robert Crumb. He is a frail, awkward man. A brilliant artist, and goofy personality. His art is rich in bizarre imagery, often sexually related. He is sensitive and passionate. As we meet his family, the story continues to unfold into weird and heartbreaking stories. Art is what allows Crumb to deal with his surroundings. It is about the power of art. A wonderful film.
This is one of the great bad movies of all time. The thought that someone even made this movie makes me laugh. I love it. Don't look for any greatness here just dumb dumb fun. A movie to laugh at not with. This movie had such a cult following that although it's not listed here, and I have yet to see it, there was a Captain American 2. I really must get my hands on that.
I ordered the movie and thought I'd ordered a DVD but received a VHS tape. I now see that it is not available on DVD, so a tape is OK. This is one cool movie that I can watch over and over and see new stuff. Great family movie too. We really lost a great new movie star when we lost River Phoenix. WHEN IS THIS MOVIE GOING TO BE ON DVD???
I say with great certainty that this was the greatest musical event of my lifetime. Yet there seem to be no video or audio copy that is available. This Live Aid album would have brought in Millions of Dollars in relief aid. Think about the cassette, album, CD, & DVD money we would have all paid? I am lucky enough to have a scratchy cassette recording off of the radio from that day. Long live Freddy!!!!
I envy anyone seeing this for the first time; I was young when I first saw it and was quite entertained, but couldn't get the most out of it. Now I've watched it many times and realize the masterful integration of plot, setting, characters, sound, scene, pace, etc. that make it a great flick. The Criterion DVD is very nice (should be, at that price), especially the original Graham Greene story and his comments.
I didnt laugh at all. there are some funny scenes, but they already put those scenes into trailer. if you saw the trailer, you can assume that you saw the film. absolutely pointless... not even funny. same jokes over and over again.. mazhar alanson has an awful performance which ruins the film most. cem yilmaz only plays his real character, he didn't act actually. only person who deserves respect in this film is Selim Nasit Ozcan.
Tyrone Power forsakes his "handsome man" image to star in this film, skillfully made (on a limited budget, I'm sure). The b&w photography is among the best I've ever seen. Supporting characters are slightly over-the-top, but solidly entertaining. The one drawback is when the drama shifts abruptly into documentary-style at the very end. So two points off for the sudden and unwarranted mood change. Could easily have had a sequel -- glad it didn't. An 8!
Not only will this movie touch your heart and bring tears, it will inspire you to be a better teacher to others and to follow your dreams no matter what the boundaries may be. It is truly poetry on the screen... a great story and a touching social commentary on humanity and life's greatest challenges. If you haven't seen it yet, rent it now. It has taken my love of poetry to an entirely new level!
"Children of The Revolution" is one of those well-executed dark comedies, that the Australian Film Industry excels at. If one enjoys dark comedy with a heady twinge of surrealism, you're really going to enjoy this movie. Our best scene (without spoiling it) is when the three start dancing and handing out flowers, with Louis Armstrong crooning Cole Porter's "You're The Top" in the background. My friends almost fell off the couch with laughter. It's a gem!
This is a feeble and desperate attempt to tap into what is left of the underground comic book audience. Film makers have made other attempts like this and they always seem to go wrong. "Fritz the Cat", "Heavy Metal" ... they just don't seem to work. But this is hardly even an honest attempt. It is a dodge that claims to succeed if they just get your attention. They got mine, don't let them get yours.
A very good movie. Not terribly well-known or important but good nonetheless. It doesn't measure up to "Schindler's List" or "Uprising" but it's still a relatively good piece of work. Julie Delpy is really a very good actress and I have new respect for her after seeing this--I thought she would be forever typecast as the blonde nymphet. If you can manage to get your hands on a copy of "Warszawa", I would recommend watching it.
I am a huge fan of James Glickenhaus, and when I saw this film for sale I snagged it, and let me tell you, from the cover it looked like a second rate tele movie, but it is stylish and intelligent. Scott Glenn is superb, as is the director's son. This film is scary and chilling, and I think it has more class than most famous ritual killing films. Brilliant, Glickenhaus you should keep making films!
I can't stand movies that have no realism. The main character would never make it into Harvard, he's not smart enough... not to mention he never went to class or studied. And if you want to talk about the basketball quality, I've seen horrible high school team that are way better than the losers they had in this movie. Is it really that hard to grab some guys who can actually play to shoot these scenes?
Like several previous commentators I'd love this little gem to get an airing on TV. I saw it as a "supporting feature". In 1974 we were in the dying days of "double features" in the UK. I think the "main" feature that day was "Electra Glide in Blue". Anyway, I fondly recall this as a very effective thriller. It certainly conveyed claustrophobia and menace. It would be great to have an opportunity to re-appraise this film.
In this age of consumerism and multimedia, this movie makes you wish you were born in the thirties, a time of naivety, fantasy and wonderful "tunes" as well. Woody Allen here remembers his childhood, and his narration is involving, funny and moving at the same time, making you say "past times were better", even though you've never been there. A delicious Mia Farrow and an awesome photography by Carlo Di Palma complete this perfect little jewel.
What a waste of time! With a cast like Stallone, John C. McGinley, Alan Cumming and Michael Caine, it seemed a shoe-in to be a great movie. Instead, it's slow and pretentious, while at the same time directed as if it were Charlies Angels or The Matrix, with clip-and-snip editing and messy camera work. Everything about this movie is garbage. In fact, I have wasted enough time watching, I shall not waste anymore writing about it.
Not recommended for diabetics or anybody over the age of four. This sickly-sweet, cloying piece of tripe has all the depth and feeling of a third-rate greeting card. If your kid insists on seeing it (I presume at a friend's house, since you will have better taste than to bring this into your home), there's no harm in it. There's just nothing to gain but smarmy platitudes the kid should be learning from you anyway.
Oh my what to say. It is just another horror movie. Not because it was supposed to be scary but because it gave me nightmares of bad acting. I almost fell asleep while watching this poor excuse for a movie. I just think that sometimes people don't think about what will sell and what won't. Whoever thought this was a seller had to be drinking the night before and came to work with a hang over.
This movie is most certainly in my top three of all time movies. I can surely understand why people wouldn't appreciate it but you have to watch it with some understanding and you have to realize its dramatic touch. Winterbottom, did a fantastic job with this movie and it's outstanding soundtrack. Honestly, you have to say that this ost. is absolutely amazing and touching Please go on making more movies which are unique in its kind
I saw this movie (with my parents) when it first came out. The whole family agreed that it was a stinker. It was boring. The acting - if you could call it that - was horrible. Do not waste your time by watching this movie. It definitely belongs on the IMDB worst 100 list. After all these years, it instantly comes to mind any time someone asks me what the worst movie I've ever seen is.
"Shutup...you!!" Fun.. modern, 'fantasy western'........with a great score..breathtaking scenery.....and wonderful sense of adventure. As an afterthought........the studio added a pointless narration by an uncredited Wilford Brimley.......arguably the most irritating..annoying..unnecessary voice over I've ever heard......this is called the Theatrical audio on the disc...& should be avoided like a week old plate of beans. Before you play it..go to the 'Languages' section on the DVD..choose the Director's audio version...& enjoy this improbable little gem of a film.
I Loved the movie! I was hysterical laughing during the popcorn scene and bittersweet during the Snoop-Dog scene (wonderful!) because its contents were so funny but its context of the prison so sad. The Cabrini scene was a tour de force of direction and the final fantasy in the cornfields as well as other situations where Flip expresses or demonstrates his view of racism makes this movie so unique for its daring to voice the subject.
This film does have a good message. Racism sucks. Overall, I did not like this movie. The only character (of the main 3) that didn't act like a total jerk at some point is Trevor, played by Mark Webber. I feel he is too good for this movie. Go see his other movies, you won't regret it. I also feel that Trevor was the only character of the main 3 that showed a shred of morality.
I'm not a person who will usually step out on a limb and call something the "best" or "worst" ever, but it's simply impossible for any movie to be worse than this one. The effects were horrible, the plot was a silly attempt at exploitation that never worked out, the acting couldn't have been worse and the ultimate playoff was a major hoax. Grade A trash!! Rent this movie for an incredibly amusing evening!
This documentary shows you Bruce Lee's life, how he went to be as good in Martial Arts as he was. There are also a great look at the original version of the "Game of Death" fighting in the Tower scenes. These scenes are just great, very different from the 78 version. And they are never been showed before. So take a look here, and see how Bruce Lee takes his one inch punch and much more....
A really touching character driven roadmovie, with excellent performances by the two main characters (especially the youngest one). I can honestly say that this is one of my top five favourite movies. Too bad I only got the chance to see it once. If you get the chance, don't miss it! This movie will stay with you for days after seeing it. Nevermind all the meaningless hollywood flicks, THIS is what movies are all about.
A wonderful movie that shows the saga of heroes that began the construction of the history of western space conquest in parallel with aces that never went to space in despite of their skills, like Chuck Yeager. It also deals with the problem of crew's management and the role of the government in the space exploration. All movie is well done, with brilliant actors (attention on Ed Harris as John Glenn) and a long sleepless story.
The subject line I gave basically sums this flick up. There's this girl named Emmanuelle who lives with this older guy and he allows her to do the freaky with other people. She falls in love with another woman and eventually share a passionate night together. Make sure to watch for other wholesome lil' tidbits in between such as, naked women swimming together, a seventh grader who loves to masterbate and horny guys in a jungle.
It's smutty and rude but very funny :) The best way to see if this is for you - do you like American Pie, Road Trip, Dumb & Dummer as a bit of no brained fun? If so you will like this - although it would also help to have seen the original LOTR film. If you think its for you don't watch it in a place where you can't laugh out loud. You might pop!
I can't recall when I have ever been so moved by a film. Everyone in the theatre sat frozen in their chairs long after the lights came on after the movie. We were all bawling or just frozen and stunned. The emotional impact of the movie was all at once stunning, horrible, beautiful, and overwhelming. Anyone should be able to relate to this film. Anyone who misses it will be missing one of life's genuine miracles.
2 trouble-making girls get sent off to boarding school in Greece. Just another typical 80's movie, with no substance or acting ability, just rebel kids getting into wacky situations. Not really as bad as many movies, but really boring. At least this one has some attractive girls (Tricia Leigh Fisher) to look at instead of just a bunch of nerds. And what is it about dumb 80s movies that they have these great theme songs? Weird.
I enjoyed Disney's Christmas release last year so I thought that I'd pick up this movie as well. I regret it! It's a complete waste of whatever you spend on it. The movie is a poor compilation of only a handful of Disney Christmas shorts. The best part of it is the obviously edited version of Disney's Christmas Carol and even at that it's not worth it. This movie is a disgrace, don't waste your time.
talk about STUPID movies, this one sure as heck is, it is SO dumb.. too bad "Audrey 2" didnt eat the whole cast !! i still dont know why i rented this silly movie.. Steve Martian was so weird in this one.. as was Bill Murray... what were these people thinking when they made this movie??? Pleaseeee give me a Break !! My advice.. DONT rent this dumb movie.. it belongs in a land fill !!!
This movie was unbelievably boring! Talk, talk, talk, and the most action involved vomiting into other people's mouths. The only redeeming factor was Alice Cooper as a street schizo. Unfortunately, his screen time added up to about 3 minutes. The rest of this film should get used to collecting dust on video store shelves across the country. John Carpenter must have been going through some kind of bad patch to have done a film this insipid.
I wasn't thrilled by this movie, or even vaguely moved. I was restless and listless and found myself looking at the scenery and the camera movement, a sure sign that it is not working on any level. As Emanuel Levy says in his book Cinema of Outsiders, this film has a "senseless narrative and flaunts an arrogant style, but like The Usual Suspects, it's hollow at the center." I agree. .
Opposite to the more recent films of La Bruce, this one is simply boring. Most moves can be anticipated, acting is far too "professional", the story is nonsense, even if I will admit, that it may suggest that sex has to do with violence. But that is knowledge from the last century or even older. So what? I strongly recommend not to view "Skin Flick", especially if someone is usually a fan of Bruce La Bruce.
CHUD only good point is the idea behind the plot. Monsters in the subway is a somewhat underplayed B-movie idea that could use some more cinematic tries. -- The movie drags a bit, and is somewhat mundane in its approach and execution, but is worth watching none the less. I only gave it a "4" though, maybe because the middle of the movie dragged, and I was expecting better special effects than the movie could deliver.
This film version of one of the Arthurian legends is badly done, with cheesy special affects, stagey acting and a green knight with an enormous green-tinted wig and false beard that must be seen to be believed. All I can say is that the members of Monty Python MUST have seen this before they sat down to write The Holy Grail (Gawain was released in England 2 years prior), and decided to make fun of it.
Sometimes numbingly mediocre movie about a bunch of guys and a gal in the jungle, punctuated by giant wasps who attack the actors. It looks like the only reason they dressed the hero in that ridiculous white dandy suit was so he would match the guy in the stock footage, which looks like it was lifted from some silent jungle adventure movie. Really a lot of laughs with a crowd. But, also a really bad movie.
Scarcely worthy of comment, except to say that "Eyes Wide Shut" would have been much better if Tom Cruise's character had a similar fate to Mr. Cleves (to the tune of the high piano note playing over and over). Although I was enjoying it at first, I began to suspect that something was awfully awry during the drawing room scene where 'the accident' was revealed in the news. It was all downhill from there
The show is quite nice except for the actress should learn to act a bit more natural rather than trying to so call act cute. I have seen lot of her show and her acting really have lots more to brush up. Too fake. I also don't understand why she was choose to be the lead actress of this show. Maybe budget was low. If she can learn to act less fake, it would be nicer.
This is a straight-to-video adventure flick, made in Russia, probably with the same crew Corman paid to do the Playmate remake of his Pam Grier potboiler THE ARENA. Strictly for those whose guilty pleasures include the DEATHSTALKER and BARBARIAN QUEEN series. Mike 0'Hearn provides the ample beefcake, but in decidedly off-kilter GQ style. B-movie villain Martin Kove is thrown in for good measure as the only other pronounceable cast member. Forgive the histrionics while they flex!
A schmaltzy, violent, slow moving action flick following a young girl who witnesses her family's massacre and returns 14 years later to seek vengeance. The soap opera's hamminess and relationships lend it some interest, as do a couple of camera shots. The sound recording is pretty bad as is the acting and much of the story line. The direction drips with cliches such as the vixen shot of stockinged legs getting out of a car.
This film is wacky and zany but just isn't funny. I yawned and cringed my way through it. It truly is the worst film that I have ever seen. I went to see it at the cinema on the strength of the trailer and persuaded my cousin that it looked better than "Dead Poets Society" which was also showing. That was my crime, it was also my punishment. My cousin still complains about it today.
Dario Argento tries to use the camera inventively and playfully, but even all the gimmicks in the world couldn't have saved this excruciatingly dull thriller. The uninteresting plot moves slowly and gets increasingly ridiculous, reaching a real low point when the murdered is revealed and explains his/her motives (they are just as unconvincing as their delivery). The film has a stunning final sequence, but until it gets there you may have already lost your patience. (*1/2)
It wasn't quite as bad as "2001 a Space Travesty", but almost. If it was supposed to be a black comedy, it failed. If it was supposed to be a serious drama, it failed. I didn't even know that they meant it to be a comedy until I watched the theatrical trailer on the DVD after the film. It wasn't funny, it wasn't touching, it wasn't much. It was a waste of 2 hours.
Terrible movie, with goofy music and the kind of wacked out scenes you'd expect to see in a bad dream. I thought the movie sounded good when I heard it had something to do with vampires and such. It turned out to be a long, boring movie that wrecked the rest of my evening, if you know what I mean. Don't watch this movie. Expecially when there is so much more better things out there.
Ninja Scroll is the best anime and it seems to me that Ninja Resurrection tries to live in the fame of it's ancestor but has no real ties to Ninja Scroll besides Jubei the vagabond. The art direction is of a totally different style then Ninja Scroll and Resurrection is only an hour long, if that. It ends all too suddenly and there are plenty of questions still left unanswered by the end. Not worth seeing.
This film could have been good : Michelle Yeoh, Ben Chaplin, Richard Roxburgh (the funny duke in Moulin Rouge!) and Basil Poledouris (soundtrack). Instead of a good action/fantasy movie, we have this... thing. The story is so stupid, the special effects are very terrible. Oh, yes, you can see many good looking Asian hunks (Karl's group), but these good looking guys were not supposed to be the only interesting thing in The Touch. Poor Michelle Yeoh...
This has to be one of the lamest movies ever produced, despite the promise of a winning cast (Cindy Williams, Leslie Neilsen). However, if you can stick it out to about the middle of the film, you will find the cream filling inside the stale cupcake - a memorable song by a forgettable alien. I can still get my husband to throw things at me when I sing the first bar of that song...
Tobor, a fifty-gallon drum with legs, must rescue young Billy Chapin, the grandson of it's creator, from the evil commie bad guys (BOO!! HISS!!!) who want to use poor Tobor for their own evil purposes. A movie that was way behind its time-even for 1954. If you want a real classic boy-and-his-robot-friend story, check out IRON GIANT, BICENTENNIAL MAN, or even MYSTERY SCIENCE THEATER 3000, for that matter. Rating: * out of *****
This movie is slow and dull. The fact that you know how it ends makes it even worse: it seems like they're trying to build up the tension and let you think that maybe Nick'll see the error of his ways. But then you remember what really happened. The soundtrack made the movie even worse, if that's possible. Nothing exciting ever happens. I can't see any reason why anyone would ever want to watch this movie.
Considering this more of a drama than a horror movie it's quite a nice ending (or beginning) of this trilogy. At the end I actually felt for Sadako as where in part I & II I found her pretty scary. The cruelty of the people is what shocked me in this one and makes it hard to watch. The ending is pretty strong and quite surprising. See it, even if you don't like drama and prefer horror!
To be honest; this is one of those movies that you can miss. It's entertaining, not bad acting. Highly on the marketing though. "A tough movie needs to have violence, sex and lots of situations where the bad guy is a good guy?" Is that true? This movie gives you an interesting cast, a nice theme but leaves you with a non-content feeling. It's ok, but there is something about it that makes it quite unnecessary ...
Chronologically situated between The World in his Arms and Blackbeard the Pirate, and a year after the fine adventure Distant Drums (1951), this is a Raoul Walsh minor but right western, play by soft Rock Hudson and beautiful Julie Adams. Correct, ascetic, vivacious -like the majority of Walsh movies- it tell us the lawless John W. Hardin story based on his autobiography. A entertaining film with no problems or pomp. Nimble. It has got efficacious supporting actors.
My father and I were in Disneyland 1 week prior to the "Grand Opening" of this ride at Disneyland back in 1987. Needless to say it is still on our list to catch when at the Disney parks. Considering the technology at the time it came out, it is still the foundation by which other "sim" rides attempt to duplicate. It was a lot of fun and regardless of the dialogue, it is just a good time...
While this documentary lost its focus toward the end (when the son--filmmaker Chris Roe--became a bit whiny), I found it insightful, touching, and often funny. The interactions between fathers and sons in different countries was very interesting, and surprisingly entertaining. While many of the interviews did border on maudlin, there were several fathers and sons whose cultures dictated a colder or more macho relationship. Well done, and should hit home with both Boomers and their Gen-X offspring.
I enjoyed watching this movie. It is well made with an interesting script and good acting performances. Kiera Knightly, especially, is wonderful to watch. Scriptwise it is fairly formulaic. Basic themes are: teenage coming of age, taking responsibility and the danger of the misuse of power. The thing that really grated was the scriptwriters wilful lack of knowledge of the powers of English kings. Watch it, it's amusing entertainment but of little enduring value.
This Was probably the one of the best movies i've ever seen. It is a bit of everything eerie,scary,Psychological, and shocking. When i first saw the tcm i was on the edge of my seat. None of it's sequels can compare to the First tcm and, i heard there making a remake it will be nothing like the original.This was a very good movie and, i recommend it to anyone who's in for a real scare. 10/10
This is by far the best small budget picture this year, if not ever. This movie will win awards, the players will receive nominations. I cannot possibly say enough about this picture. Redgrave was perfect. Margot Kidder, unbelievable... what a casting job. She alone is worth the 12 dollars. James Earl Jones wrestling nothing, falling on the floor...even his Jamaican accent was believable. What dialogue! What a script. From start to finish this one is a masterpiece.
I can't say anything bad about the film. It has so many good people that were connected in making the film. That it overshadows any bad thoughts that I could have about it. I really wish that a sequel could be made. I plan to go and visit some of the cast and crew members this summer. To the remaining cast and crew that are still around if you see this comment. I really appreciate your work.
This movie was a big disappointment. It went from having potential to becoming and absurd piece of Hollywood crap. The acting was mediocre at best (with the exception of Travolta)- I counted a half dozen times where Robin Wright's accent changed during the course of the film. What makes this movie so uncomfortable to watch is that all of the leads are considered fine actors, but they are hopelessly trapped in a boring, ridiculous, confounding movie.
None of this films impact has been lost since I viewed it as a 10 yr old child. Thanks to the member who told us where to get this long lost tv movie. I cried like a baby seeing it for the first time since 1969/70 The price is steep at $54.00 post paid,(VHS)no DVD available. But if you love this film its cheap at the price. Get it and have a good cry....TB.
This is an excellent movie. I had to hunt it down while visiting LA, but Judy Berlin is definitely worth catching. Eddie Falco, Barbara Barrie, and Madeline Kahn are excellent leading ladies. Kahn especially makes an impact as a worrisome and somewhat philosophical housewife who goes on a long walk during the eclipse. Beautifully shot in black and white, Judy Berlin is wonderful, definitely one of my favorite movies. Too bad it didn't get a wider release.
Rework a Dashiell Hammett short story for the screen, get Samuel L. Jackson to play Bogart and Milla Jojovich to play Bacall, and you've got one heck of an entertaining little movie. I seriously liked all the performances, but I was especially taken by Milla Jojovich. You know she's bad but she's also irresistible. She pulls that off, too, and not many actresses could. They don't make many movies like this anymore and that's a shame. Delightful!
This show is the funniest thing I have seen in ages and I do not say that lightly (lol). Its got all these crappy low budget sci-fi shows down to a T. I've only seen the first two episodes and I'm already totally obsessed with it, this show is just sheer genius, it's hard to explain why it's so funny but you just have to watch it to understand the brilliance of this show. 10 / 10
This film from first time writer/director Jonathan Teplitzky is an ambitious venture and one that succeeds very well. It follows the trials and tribulations of a "one night stand" that goes that little bit further. Supurb acting from lead actors David Wenham and Susie Porter as well as a slick and funny script from Teplitzky make this a brilliant film. It leaves the audience in no doubt as to what is, indeed, Better Than Sex.
I´m a big fan of the innovative and daring Danish film scene and "the Dogma" has of course a big part of its success. "Mifune" follows in the right tracks but unlike previous dogma history I was delighted to encounter a happy ending for a change. Iben Hjejle and Anders W Berthelsen are perfect as the fumbelers that finally find each other and of course a Danish film, any film really, is not full without Paprika Steen.
The rude nature of the South West of France alongside the plot of the movie where three well known french actors give the best of themselves in a story that is taken of reality of those years of the 70's. Sublime shots and dialogues, good acting work, a movie that has no need to any Hollywood action and big budgets in order to entertain. If you like France and its mentality, then this movie is for you.
This is my favorite of all the John Waters movies. The script alone is priceless. It is really amazing to hear David Lochary, Mink Stole and Divine spout out lines of harsh, cutting dialogue...but to appreciate it, you really need to see the other wonderful movies he has done, especially Pink Flamingos, Female Trouble...well, just about anything! I highly recommend it to anyone with a sharp sense of humor. If you don't, you will not appreciate it.
This one is a true disaster. Thank god I didn't watch it till the end, cause who knows I might be in an emergency room trying to calm down. I would rank this in my personal TOP 10 of the worst movies I've ever seen. How is it possible that they made a movie like this. And by playing in this movie Sandra really screwed her carriere pretty much. I give 0,0001 from 10 to this disaster.
Although the movie's subject was the corruption of a cigarette-manufactory and the way a honest man and a journalist work together to bring it out, the mainstream was the courage of a man nearly paralyzed by fear yet determined to do what has to be done. Never before I saw an actor "breathing" fear and determination so intensely during the whole length of a movie as Crowe did here. He should have won his OSCAR-nomination that year.
Bob Hoskins, Helen Mirren, 80's London !. What more do we want, along with Get Carter, this is one of the finest Gangster movies ever made. His gritty performance as his empire crumbles shows what a great actor Bob Hoskins is. With other great supporting acts this is a film to watch again and again. One scene among all shows his power in the movie : All his enemies hooked up like trussed chickens ! A masterpiece.
I didn't start watching this gem until late, and I kept forgetting it was on. But, this is one of my favorite shows of all time, and I cried when they showed the last episode. It was just perfect. It had humor, drama, awesome characters, good music, and It was just perfect. I will miss this show deeply, and hope they will show re-runs on USA or some other network. 100000 out of 10
The movie takes place during the Al Capone gangster era. Elliot Ness (Kevin Costner) and his untouchables wage war against Capone who ran prohibition and other various illegal activities in Chicago. This is a very well made and exciting movie. Connery, Costner, and Garcia deliver excellent performances as The Untouchables. One of the best things is that all the characters stay true to form and are easy to like throughout the whole movie. Definetely worth watching!
At first blush I thought "Stardom" had the appearance of a film worth watching with sufficient talent on its roster to ensure some kind of entertainment. Wrong! A pointless film which attempts to tell a tongue-in-cheek story of a model's struggle in fashion and off-target haute couture satire, "Stardom" is little more than a confused mess of vignettes, interviews, talk show appearances, etc. Pass on this uninspired loser which is too kinetic to even make good soporific.
i liked this movie, it was something different, something new and i totally loved Thora Birch( one of the coolest actresses around) as the protaganist. The only thing that was lacking was the ending, i found it too symbolic, because it was saying that enids life had not yet begun and her getting on the bus was the start of her life- meh. Besides that i gave the film a seven. Scarlett Johanssen also is pretty cool.
I had the privilege of seeing the restoration of the film "The General" in Munich in the 60's. Buster Keaton came to the the premier. He didn't go into the theater, but he was rewarded by the sound of the audience. Recently, I viewed a video tape of the movie, and was disappointed that it was not from the restored version which had excellent picture and sound quality. One should take care in choosing among available copies.
The "true account" of the tribal wars of ancient England. In minuscule budget. King Arthur fights saxons, picts and whatnot in this watchable little flick. Lots of effort has been put into sets, mainly in pouring shedloads of mud on the ground. It's not the great adventure you'd expect, but as it delivers it's peaceful message towards the end at least I wanted to believe it. Released on video in Finland in the early eighties.
This is a great show. I always somehow manage to laugh my bag off whenever it was on. It's from Matt Groening man! It's got to be hilarious. I may sound a little one sided here, but I find this show to be better than "The Simpsons" in some ways. While Simpsons humor is starting to dry up, Futurama manages to stay fresh and new. I just wish they would keep it on the air. Great show!
It took me a number of years to see it. Always knew the music, but never took the time to watch it..for some reason or another. Few years ago saw it on a Classic Cable movie channel. I have not stopped watching it since. About a year ago, I BOUGHT THE DVD SPECIAL EDITION..I always find a reason to see it again. And I keep finding more things in it..to make it more rewarding each time. syl.
Just about my favorite black and white movie. And a fine mystery at that. Cotton, Wells, Valli and the rest of the cast all fit their roles. Hyde-White as Crabbin injects that bit of surprise into the movie. Valli gives you that hopeless feeling that many people felt after the war. I cant think of anyone else that could have done the roles better. The chase scenes are legend. You just cant find movies like this anymore.
Along with Airplane!, The In-Laws, The Producers, and Duck Soup, this is one of the funniest movies ever made. The idea of changing the gender of one of the reporters in The Front Page works beautifully, and Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell are perfect as the feuding would-be couple. Hawks keeps the pace frantic. If you're watching this on video, you'll probably have to rewind several times to catch the jokes you missed while you were laughing.
Identity is a very thrilling and spooky film! The all star cast performed very well especially Ray Liotta, John C. McGinley, Amanda Peet, Jake Busey, Pruitt Taylor Vince, and John Cusak! The music by Alan Silvestri was good. The film is a little hard to understand so it not predictable! If you want to watch a horror, a mystery, a action, and a murder film then see Identity today because it has all of that in it!
Poor sound quality really had me pulling my hair out, and the accents of the actors was trying my nerves, but I didn't turn it off. I cared about what happened to Derek Longstreet and I watched until the end. I hope they fix all the technical problems for the obvious sequel and get some well spoken actors next time. The strong point of this film was the fights, nothing fancy, but good energy.
this film surpassed my expectations, that's for sure. most of the lead characters act with the right amount of straightness very reminiscent of frank drebin of police squad. and the actual plot line is great. you might expect it to be handled completely silly and ridiculously, but really, it isn't! it is a movie you can submerge yourself into and forget about the outside world for a while. which is why it is a troma classic.
Bette was magnificent in "The Rose", in my opinion the best movie she's made. In a totally different personna she plays Dixie equally wonderfully. "For The Boys" is, for a reason I cannot discern, one of my all time favorite movies. I love the movie and Bette is as always, the best. If you adore Bette, and if you've never "For The Boys", rent it or buy it and you'll see what I'm talking about.
Rework a Dashiell Hammett short story for the screen, get Samuel L. Jackson to play Bogart and Milla Jojovich to play Bacall, and you've got one heck of an entertaining little movie. I seriously liked all the performances, but I was especially taken by Milla Jojovich. You know she's bad but she's also irresistible. She pulls that off, too, and not many actresses could. They don't make many movies like this anymore and that's a shame. Delightful!
Jack and Adam have to be one of the better pairings in film in years. Jack is the one allowed to go over the edge throughout most of the film and Adam plays the more restrained straight man. It has enough of a twist in the plot so that it is not predictable. It is an enterataining comedy that makes you think (well at least pay attention somewhat). It is worth your time to catch this flick.
Having read a fair amount about the Holocaust and having visited the memorial in DC, as well as seeing other films depicting this time period, I wasn't sure what to expect. However, I thought this movie was extremely well-done. Robin Williams was perfect in his role as Jakob, a latkah vendor, who pretends to have a radio and distribute good news to other Jews in the ghetto. Both sad and funny, this movie is well worth seeing.
I'm a real big fan of those animal grows big and kills teenagers movies. What just love the causes why those animals become monster and in this movie, it was one of the most ridiculous I've ever seen. My girlfriend was snoring in my arms after 5 minutes but I laughed a lot that night. Some good SFX adds a point up to 2 from 10 points. This movie really is bad, but as always, great entertainment.
Even though there are no vampires. It was based on the TRUE story of Vlad the Impailor. I really enjoyed this documentary. And it was pretty funny seeing Rudolf playing Dracula again after his famous apperence on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" as Dracula as well. If you enjoy Dracula movies, I'm not sure if you would get into this. But if you are interested in learning about how Bram got his ideas, then watch it. 7/10
Anna Sten deserved and Oscar for her portrayal, not to be made fun of and practically run out of town. Which just proves my theory that most critics tastes are in their mouth. I invited anyone who enjoys a movie of old, when it was about entertainment rather than depraved education to make the attempt to find a copy, sit back and enjoy. Goldwyn COULD pick them. Anna Sten and Cooper were something great in this movie.
I am ashamed to say I have seen this movie. And more than once. Why? I guess I'm just a sucker for pain. But really, Nick Jolly? Where did they find this guy? For that matter, where did they find any of these people? I'd say "Asylum of Satan" should be burned, but it's just too much fun to make fun of a la MST3K (who, by the way, would have a field day with this stink-burger!).
I looked at this movie on the shelf for months before I took a chance and rented it....I figured that it would either be hilarious or suck fiercely. It turned out to be one of the best I've seen this year. It was funny as hell and (I was VERY surprised...)had a great message. The final scenes had way more depth than I was expecting. I can't believe how low the average rating is for this film.
The promise Jeremy Podeswa gave with his first film "Eclipse" is really fulfilled now in his second "Five Senses". Authentic atmosphere and the various aspects of a little bit neurotic life-feeling of metropolitain people is again in his new film. Podeswa has an astonishing hand for showing the daily tragedies with credibility and he really cares about his protagonists. Intelligent dialogues and good actors complete the very good first impression. A director with a great future !
Carpenter does it again in this futuristic movie about New York being a maximum security prison. A great supporting cast is present, as is Kurt Russell in the movie that made him a star. For its time the F/X are good, but seem dated now. The story is great and moves at a good pace. The best thing about the movie is its bleak ending. See the movie, you'll have fun... RATING = 8 of 10
As Quintin Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" shows, a story can be told in severals points of view. Each person in the story sees it in a particular way and acts accordingly. Salma Hayek looks great and proves to be more than a pretty face. You can't say what makes this movie so great. Maybe the story, maybe the actors, maybe the director, maybe all of above. Any attempt to summarize this picture is useless. You must watch it.
An unscrupulous reporter takes advantage of a small town girl's supposed imminent death in order to manipulate the public and gain more sales. Lombard however is not that imminent to death and she turns the tables and takes advantage of the situation. Plays as well today as more than sixty years later which proves that while the people may have changed the media stays the same. A good biting satire. on a scale of one to ten..8
I was taken to see this for the first time when I was too young to get most of the humor. It improved as I aged. It really is one of the best. Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis did a remake (called "Living It Up", though I somehow remember the title as "Homer Flagg") and I remember at the time thinking that that version was MUCH better, but what did I know? I was only nine.
Watched about an hr of this dull tripe . My date and I got up and went bowling which was a much better time . If you want to catch up on your sleep , go waste a few bucks and rent this movie . We only watched about an hour and we walked out and got our money back . More like age of boredom. Joanne Woodwards narration is akin to sominex .. avoid this garbage
A light story about cryptographers... not an easy sell as a script, but afforded a platform for the talents of John Gielgud, Dirk Bogarde, Lilli Palmer, the spunky Susannah York and others. The tiny message about being careful when working for a classified department is more and more relevant, as Microsoft just discovered when their source code was stolen via the hijacking of an employee's computer on the air from home. When in doubt, lengthen the password...
"Frühling auf dem Eis" shows a large number of well known Austrian actors and the ensemble of the Vienna Ice Revue, world-famous at a time when I was young. I know well all the skaters from their appearances in the fifties, especially Eva Pawlik, starring in "Frühling auf dem Eis". I can well remember that she was not only a wonderful sportswoman and actress but also a doctor of philosophy. All Europe loved her in the fifties.
"Frühling auf dem Eis" shows a large number of well known Austrian actors and the ensemble of the Vienna Ice Revue, world-famous at a time when I was young. I know well all the skaters from their appearances in the fifties, especially Eva Pawlik, starring in "Frühling auf dem Eis". I can well remember that she was not only a wonderful sportswoman and actress but also a doctor of philosophy. All Europe loved her in the fifties.
I actually prefer this version of the "Home restoration from Hell" concept to the more famous "Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House", despite the presence of the ubiquitous Cary Grant in the latter. Perhaps it's because I saw this one first, or because it came first. Whatever the reason, I found Jack Benny to be quite humorous in this starring turn, although the old caretaker nearly stole the show from under him. 8 out of 10.
The Palestinian situation is fertile and as-yet largely fallow soil for film-making. 'Divine Intervention' tries hard, and gives us an insightful peek into the almost surreal life of those caught up in the troubles, but the film amounts to little more than a handful of (admittedly lovely) visual jokes thrown onto celluloid, while the links between them become increasingly obscure as the film progresses. A missed opportunity to say something more coherent about a very topical issue.
I consider this a mediocre horror flick. The picture quality was not good due to the directors penchant for poorly lit scenes. The director also used other amateurish tricks like facial closeups and excessive blood all over the place. I can't tell you how many times my 14 year old asked questions like 'What is that?' or 'Why did they do that?' This was due to many holes in the plot. Two thumbs down from this house.
Absolutely the worst acting I have ever seen, camerawork the kind of which you would expect of a six year old with a camcorder and downright awful sound such as the background music which gave the impression of having been taken from the menu screen of a really bad low budget computer game and was just all over the place. Truly horrible in every way to see and hear, which, frankly, doesn't make for a good movie.
This is - in my opinion - one of the worst pictures produced - EVER! The plot is terribly stupid, the whole purpose of the movie is that of a poor frame for childish "special effects". The whole thing is so terribly embarassing, that I think it is a "must-see". Almost every aspect of filmmaking (script, casting, photography, special effects, and.. and..) is so horribly bad! I really wonder why this one never got the turkey.
I don't know what the hell is wrong with you people. This movie sucked. They said that Zenon would save the world. Did she? No. She just saved some aliens that were trapped. Sure, the aliens saved the space station, BUT THAT'S NOT SAVING THE WORLD!!!! There's absolutely no villain. Maggie's father isn't the villain. This movie is a major letdown from the first movie. Zenon's new parent actors don't help. STOP MAKING SUCH CRAPPY MOVIES, DISNEY!
This movie is an inferior remake of "His Girl Friday".I found it to be unfunny and laced with profanity.Where is Cary Grant when you need him? I like Jack Lemmon (see "The Apartment")but not in this movie.I also like Carol Burnett,but she misses the mark this time.The sex of the characters that Jack Lemmon and Susan Sarandon portray are flipped in this movie.I think the characters were funnier and ahead of their time in "His Girl Friday".
The subplot about the low budget theatre would have made a great comedy. There were some very funny moments especially with the theatre manager and the actor who wanted Buck for a neighbor. Unfortunately the main story line was not especially funny or frightening. Chuck's wife seemed nice but boring; and Chuck and Buck were just boring. And the movie was so unpleasant to look at that it was difficult to endure.
I saw this as "Alien Chaser," but it is still pretty bad. Some interesting direction and good African locations are negated by an amateur cast that must SAY EVERY WORD LIKE IT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT INFORMATION IN THE FILM. The scene where the lead actress talks to herself after her truck gets a flat should go down in B-film history as one of the most ridiculous episodes ever. Space Maggot spews forth a 1 on this.
This Sci-Fi flick is a mystery. Some well known stars, acting as if in a High School play. The B grade F/X are tolerable; but the story line is where this film falls apart. Trying to use too much symbolism makes it very hard to understand. It is good enough to watch as a late, late show. Cast members of note: David Keith, Shannon Lee, Ryan O'Neal, James Avery and Craig Wasson. This may leave you stranded.
I got the Hook up is not what I would even call a movie, as it is really just merchandise for Master P to get his hands on money. This film has a weak plot if one at all, no one can act what so ever, and the script is not the best. If you like Master P, you might enjoy this movie. Personally I believe Master P has again failed at an another field of entertainment.
A wretched, wretched film that I recommend NOT seeing. I hated it. Bill Murray is capable of much funnier stuff! I'm not sure how this script was ever approved by movie execs, but someone must have been feeling drunk that day. I'm also not sure how they got Richard Dreyfuss or Bill Murray to star in the film. Maybe they had some really good blackmail on the two of them, or they just needed some beer money?
I can't believe nobody's seen this movie. Not even 5 votes registered. This is a real cult classic, guys. Dinosaurs, women running around in fur bikinis, catfights; it has it all. Not a whole lot of talent, mind you, but that's not what we're looking for in exploitation, is it? The plot? Who cares. It's simple enough to follow with the sound off. Just sit back, put some heavy tunes on, and enjoy the action.
One of the worst remakes I've ever seen. The original PBS movie is the one you want to see - a true classic. This version ignored most of the important plot lines of the original book, and left me angry and frustrated. I watched the original movie (made in 1980 for a fraction of the cost) just to wash the bad taste out of my mouth. Please - don't waste your time or money on this travesty.
Melanie Griffith is horribly miscast and would fool not one Hacedic Jew in Crown Heights with her undercover role. Tracy Pollan deserves a special Golden Turkey for the single worst supporting performance in a pivotal role in a drama. She single-handedly ruins any credibility the film might have ever had. The "oh-now-I'm really-beginning -to-appreciate-the-beauty-of-the Hacedic-culture scenes" are forced and contrived, especially the big family meal. John Pankow delivers the movie's most interesting performance in a thankless role.
A boring and disappointing TV film. True, after 9/11 it is hard to watch a disaster movie happening in New York as reality unfortunately exceeded everything fiction script writers ever imagined. However, this is still a bad TV movie. Cheap melodrama, flat and bombastic characters, ridicule script lines a real person would never say, and everything is so predictible - you can always guess what happens or what will be said next. 4/10 on my personal scale.
This may very well be the worst movie I've ever seen. Watching this was comparable to running my male generative organs through a meat grinder. Low budget early 90s grungy sci-fi with a limp plot and horrible acting. The only reason I sat through the whole thing is because I was hypnotized by how much it sucked. This movie may in fact give "Plan 9 from Outer Space" a run for the title of "worst movie EVER!"
I'm a big Michael Jordan fan. That's a fan of Michael Jordan, the basketball player, not the actor. He's good in one-minute commercials, but he's bad, very bad in this movie. This movie was nothing more than a large advertisement for Michael Jordan and the product he endorses. I love sports, and have a few favorite sports movies. But most sports-related movies are terrible and this one falls is one of the worst of the worse.
This movie is build up to be a romantic fun little comedy but it turns out to be one of the most depressing movies ever made! Sure Drew Barrymore was perfect for the role but all through out the movie the thought was nothing worse could happen to her and believe it or not- IT DID! However, it was very remarkable how Drew Barrymore character kept strong and got through them but like I said- very depressing.
I believe this was the worst movie I had ever seen in my life. Freddie Prinze, what were you thinking!?!?!? I wont reommend this to anyone. I almost cried because I had to sit through it in the theaters. On top of it all the two characters, aren't believeble lovers. There was no chemisttry whatsoever. WARNING! Do Not See This Movie. I gave it a 1 b/c there is no 0. It doesn't even deserve a 0!
I didn't actually intend to watch this. It was one of those movies of the week with incredibly low production values and a script weaker than aged parchment. I don't actually need to get into details here. The film is predictable enough that anybody watching it should have it figured out within about ten minutes. However, to give you a brief clue, yes, it's exactly what you think. Worst film I've seen in a while.
This movie has no story, no character development, no reasonable dialogue and no intelligence. The plot is a weak and empty bus that serves no purpose other than to drive the movie from one fight scene to the next. What this movie does have: a blond-haired, blue eyed girl that wears this totally cool motorcycle suit and, like, totally kills 200 people, single-handedly, with one sword, Awesome!!!!! Doesn't take much to impress at the box office anymore.
Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just terrible. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.
Unfortunately this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. The script was awful. This movie felt like it had been completely recut at some point, because it didn't even make any sense. Two many characters, too many tragedies, not enough connection with the characters. I felt bad for the good actors trapped in this bad movie. Except for the male lead who was a very, very bad actor, though extremely cute.
A diverse crew of clueless space explorers go through lots of bad cheesy effects, slimey goo, cheap tank robot runs on Duracell, an understanding of alien species in only a day, and more lunacy in this nothing is happening taut thriller on why time was wasted watching this self loathing boring movie. Also, lots of people wearing letters like A's & M's. That's about all I could remember before I checked myself into the local looney bin.
Basically,this is a variation on the Patty Hearst story set in England.It even opens with a shot of a castle where the rich girl lives with her rich father.After around 20 minutes,the rich girl gets kidnapped by three bizarros in strange costumes,and is subjected to all kinds of mental and sexual torture in order to brainwash her.There's also an operatic score to liven things up.In my opinion,this is one of the stupidest movies Oliver Reed ever made.
If it hadn't got caught up in the political rhetoric of the time. The propaganda of Russia - bad - and "freedom" - good - is so caricaturized, it is reminiscent of the awfully silly musical movie the main characters are producing in the film. Sometimes the music and dancing can save such a movie, but this one contains mostly snoozers and losers. The cast does a good deal for the picture, but they can't save it.
If you are the kind of person who likes happy endings, with themes of comedy and romance throughout, then this is a film for you. It was definately not a boring film, as i was engaged throughout, with the unusual storyline. I would recommend watching this film because I know that at certain parts, you will laugh your ass off. ***POSSIBLE SPOILER***(the funeral and the blow up dolls), people who have seen it, you know what i mean.
A unique view for a Holocast movie and a good introduction for children, many who probably have read the book at school ---- they probably will not mind watching it if Kirsten Dunst and Brittney Murphy are in it. Good location work, excellent acting and no glossing over what happened in the camps --- a bit scary for the younger set but a good introduction to films of a more mature theme such as Schindlers List et al.
The opening sequence alone is worth buying a "Dolphins" DVD. This movie is one extended moment of intense beauty, more like a modern dance performance than a theatrical production. There is no dialog, so don't worry about having to deal with sub-titles inherent foreign films. The movie unveils itself in such a way as to reach any person in any modern culture. The story is small and the plot simplistic, but you won't care. I promise.
This film is slow to start, and only picks up a little bit near the end. There is no real suspense during the movie until the last 25 minutes or so when we are hoping to find out what happened to Saskia. The whole dream of the golden eggs could be pulled out entirely and wouldn't change the movie any. Overall, I gave the movie a 4 for being slow, with not much suspense and little plot development.
Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey both give us a solid performance in this comedy/romance movie. This is probably best viewed with a date, rather than with just the guys. It's not too high on the chick flick scale, yet it's still high enough to be watched with that special someone. Good acting by the two main leads, McConaughey and Hudson make this film enjoyable and a must see. It's also very funny at times. My rating: 8/10
When you hear Spanish films, Aldomovar is always brought up. Unfortunately, films like Dia De La Bestia suffer. This film is a treat to people who like their comedy dark and have a weird sense of humour. The Apocalypse never looked more interesting than in this film. Visually the film is darkly lit and the appearance of Satan changes the whole mood of the film. Next time you see this film in a film festival, DON'T MISS IT!!!
Believe is actually a film that more or less is "straight to video" or "tv movie" type. But in a strange way, it is a pretty good family friendly film. But all through out the movie I went on rolling my eyes waiting for them to kiss. Pretty dumb, but it's so obvious that the "young lovers" will soon have an enchanting moment. Ah yes, definitely a film for all. Nothing scary, or anything like that :D
First of the movie's action scence were worrible, and the intelligance of the special military units that fights them are rediculously stupied. everyone knows about zombies, i mean seriously its not that hard to figure out that is plastering it in the chest with bullits does not stop it shot it in the bloody brain. THAT WORKS OFR ANYTHING, in the head and its dead. and for the ending my GOD could they have made it any worse?
I really liked "Lola rennt", but I loved "23". The plot is fascinating, the music is great, the cast is gorgeous. While telling the story, the movie takes you back into the 80s. August Diehl as Karl Koch does an outstanding performance. After watching "23", you'll ask yourself if there is really an international conspiracy going on. Nearly every time you hear or see this number, you'll think "What if it was true?". A must see. 10 points.
I only saw this movie once, 30 years ago, when it was first broadcast as a TV-movie. This is an excellent movie. It portrays a very poor family, and a little boy (J.T.) secretly adopts a cat. He doesn't want his mother to know he's been using their grocery money to feed the cat. It has a tear-jerker near the end, but then a happy ending with a small surprise. Great movie, I'd love to see it again.
It really happened. it was October 1970. Wartime law was voted in Canada. Not Bosnia, not Congo, not Cosovo, not Albania. Canada. At dawn, 400 individuals were arrested in Montréal and held in jail for weeks without charges nor explanation. This masterpiece by Michel Brault tells about it. Wether you see it to understand current canadian news or to reflect on freedom or to see an excellent thriller, I doubt you'll regret it. A must for communication students.
One of the worst I've seen... I'm trying to figure out which audience this was made for: a lot of nudity, a dumb story, bad acting, characters you don't care about, bad premise, bad direction, etc. I'm beginning to think they were trying to target people with low IQs, because they basically show you the beginning of the movie all over again at the end, SHOWING you what you didn't figure out... Stay away from it, it's trash.
This film doesnt make the mistake of taking itself too seriously. The dialogue alone kept me interested throughout the picture so I never found myself suffering through a section of the movie to get to "the good part" Given the genre and the title of this film Im not expecting material deserving of an Academy Award. It does exactly what it sets out to do and in doing so earns a 9 out of 10 rating from me.
I´ve seen "The Unsaid" recently on the Fantasyfilmfest in Stuttgart. This film leaves me breathless. The actors were magnificant, Andy Garcia in his best role yet and Vincent Kartheisser, oh my God, he gave me the creeps, I think it was his first major role. The story is good, but not excellent, what makes this film so wonderful is the directing and the performances. Watch out for the guy who plays Andy Garcias son. Cute and talented.
Simply a great movie. Michael J. Fox trained with one of the greats, Johnny Petraglia for months in preparation for this movie. Fox went from a hack casual bowler to a respectable 175 average. Not good enough to actually throw the shots he was supposed to throw in the movie, though. The makers of Kingpin and Big Lebowski should have seen this one before making a mockery of the game. Any bowling lover should not miss this one.
This movie was without a doubt, very predictable. There have been a hundred other movies made with basically a similar plotline. But I still enjoyed it, simply because I enjoy this type of movie. Jessica Lange gave a great performance as the deranged mother in law. It's fun to watch, even though you know how it's probably going to turn out in the end. I think everyone should at least give this movie a chance. It's worth watching.
This is a film that may have been groundbreaking in its time, but as the years go by, it's increasingly dated. The animation ranges from fairly sleek to scribbly; the stories range from gritty to juvenile. Although the use of sex, drugs and violence in animation was something new and controversial in '81, the thrill is gone. The viewer is left with the film's faults and what can serve best as a time capsule of violent Amazon spank-art.
Picked this up at Hollywood Video for four obvious reasons: Aykroyd, Tomlin, Lemmon, and the always lovely Bonnie Hunt. But holy cow, what a waste of talent. Lemmon is given nothing to do, Hunt's role is superfluous, and Tomlin's role isn't funny. Aykroyd is in virtually every scene, but since the writers didn't bother coming up with anything funny for him, he becomes tiresome after about fifteen minutes. I have no idea why this movie was made.
Yeomen of the Guard is especially fine because Joel Grey is such a superb actor who conveys the sadness and folly of loving someone who fails to return your love. It is a melancholy but realistic story of love unrequited. The entire cast is superb. The set is excellent. This is one of the finest Gilbert and Sullivan movies brought to TV. Give it a try. You will also enjoy this story and its wonderful music.
Boy, does this movie suck. The plot was confusing. Apparently George Patton was assassinated and there was a conspiracy to cover up the fact. George Kennedy plays Patton as a rabid, foaming at the mouth moron. Sophia Loren has trouble with the English language. Robert Vaughn is an officer and he's involved somehow. This has some of the worst lines ever. It's as if Ed Wood doctored the script. Absolutely pass on this unless you're a masochist.
The lines of time are very blurry. Past, present and the future are merged into one another in a very fascinating manner. So are the lines of conventional philosophies. What is life? What is death? Where does one end and the other begin? What is in between? According to Gulzar's Lekin, in between is this eternal search for moksha, in between is this struggle against the ghosts of life, where time stands still, till the spirit is free.
Do not pass this off simply as a children's movie. Few notice looking at the movie poster that "Bicentennial Man" was actually written by Isaac Asimov, biochemist, Columbia graduate, and noted science fiction author. The film is actually much deeper in meaning than trailers suggested, posing the question of what it truly means to be human. This notion is tied in with a heartwarming story and the perfect cast of actors, making the movie accessible to all audiences.
This movie leaves you speechless, and takes you to a new emotional level. I feel this movie will not reach people like it should though... People and Middle America will pass it off and just play it up as Hollywood hype and just really not want to acknowledge what is happening in the real world... This movie is a 10 and I just hope it can bring light to subject matters that just get pushed under the carpet.
I was shocked to be watching such an awful rip off of puppetmasters. Dolls that obey and kill. yeah hate to tell you but its been done before and much better. This movie was awful and i am glad that i didn't watch the end of it. The man with a little head was too much, really don't think that was real since his body never moved from a frontal shot. At least it has it comical value.
This cheap poverty-row movie would be forgotten today if not for the pathetic performance of Rondo Hatton, suffering from the bone-deforming disease of acromegaly. The producers of this movie were basically too cheap to create a monster so they decided to use a real one, except that it could not act. It's amazing that not only this film but also HOUSE OF HORRORS tried to make a horror star out of this stiff. Strictly for freak-film aficionados only.
The cast turned up just to collect a paycheck, which is a shame, because it is a fine collection of actors. However this movie is representative of tired scripting and even worse, tired and uninspired directing. Alan Ladd looks almost embarrassed on occasions to be associated with this turkey. This film is only worthwhile to make you appreciate when you see a quality movie of the genre. BEVARE (sorry Bela) watch this stinker at your own risk.
In this movie (unlike the sequels), Paul actually seems somewhat remorseful, where in the other ones, it seems like a mission. After his daughter is raped and wife murdered (by a young Jeff Goldblum), he takes to the streets, fighting back and showing that he's not going to put up with it anymore. The very last image of the film shows that Paul Kersey will probably not stop murdering muggers, he has just begun, hence the horrid sequels.......
I had the opportunity to see this deeply moving film at the Denver International Film Festival this fall. I recommend the extremely thought provoking THE GREY ZONE to every student of history, which should include us all. What's more, the film included incredible Oscar caliber performances by David Arquette and Mira Sorvino. I urge everyone to seek out THE GREY ZONE in his or her community, and experience the emotions that are provoked from this historically important film.
Burt Lancaster turns in a fine performance as a US military advisor who has doubts about the wisdom of the war America is about to embark upon. GO TELL THE SPARTANS looks at Vietnam in 1964, before the conflict there was thoroughly Americanized. It is not your typical glossy, overproduced Hollywood action extravaganza. Nor is it overly laden with patriotic sentimentality. It is, rather, a compelling exploration of the hubris and naivete that shaped the American war effort.
My dad first told about this movie a while ago. Back then I thought it sucked, but a couple a months ago I was strolling through my video store when I decided to give it another try. Well, was I surprised! Despite its low budget, its actually pretty scary, and the violence is enough to please any gore hound. Get it if you can find it seeing as how its distributor "Lightning Video" has gone out of business.
So it wasn't perfect. With all the polls being thrown at me constantly, telling me how popular the "state of things" are with the public today, I really needed to hear IN A BIG WAY that not everyone is buying it. I don't. I agree with Bulworth 100% and it was an extremely satisfying release to see it on the big screen. I gave it a 10 for that. If Warren Beatty has a fan club, I'm joining.
I didn't know what to expect from this film being a fan of all Sandler films. It was funny on a different level than films like "Billy Madison" and "Happy Gilmor". It's great that he goes for a more mature sense of humour in this film than most of his other ones. After Mr. Deeds, I thought Adam had hit a wall as far as making good movies, but I enjoyed this one. And hey, Jack was great.
Ah, yet another short instructional film that doesn't stand up to the test of time. Back in the prehistoric 1950's, divorce was a big no-no. When you married someone, you were more or less stuck with that person for life. This short is a warning against rushing headlong into a marriage that may be sweet and nice in the beginning, but later on will make the lockhorns look good. These days, however, it's marry now - divorce later.
Almost nobody's seen this movie, but it's secretly a great film. Funny all the way through. One of Jason Priestly's early films and he's great as in everything he does. (No not all of his films are good, but he's good in all of them). It's a movie you don't think you'll want to watch and 15 minutes in, you want to watch the whole thing. Enjoyable, very quotable, and about what every man dreams of-meeting Marilyn Monroe.
This has to be one of the best movies that alot of people havent heard of. I love the 80s movies by far the best movies came out in the 80s and this is one of them. This movie is full of laughs,hot women and college kids doing what they do best drinking and having a good time.I seriously recomend if havent seen this movie u run out and rent it.Cant wait till it comes out on dvd.
Its a lot of fun watching the really fake shark that isn't scary at all,you will crack up when you see the shark coming out of the water with his head. There is also alot of documentary stuff used for this movie, that are maybe the most bad parts of the movie, the storyline is alot like "jaws". The acting is OK (not more then that) i give it 3/10, BUT IT IS FUN WATCHING THE SHARK !!!
Its a lot of fun watching the really fake shark that isn't scary at all,you will crack up when you see the shark coming out of the water with his head. There is also alot of documentary stuff used for this movie, that are maybe the most bad parts of the movie, the storyline is alot like "jaws". The acting is OK (not more then that) i give it 3/10, BUT IT IS FUN WATCHING THE SHARK !!!
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. For one thing they drag it out too long it makes the movie boring and there is also no good plot it has been way over dune in the past. What I mean by dragging it out is that they spend too much time one a single part. They also spent way too much time talking. Gary Daniels could have dune better. That is just my thoughts.
I watched this movie one night on cable. I am happy to say that this movie was much better than I thought and as usual, Demi Moore is just awesome. Bruce Willis is also in this film but he playes her best friends abusive, drunk husband. The plot thickens when he is found dead. There is even a crazier twist at the end. Harvey Keitel was great as the detective investigating the murder. Overall I give this 8/10.
Although some of the acting is bland, the movie honestly tells of the struggle of a great musician to be "heard". Postcard cinematography and a good stereo sound add to the ambiance, and the music is so GOOD that one can forgive the lyrics writers for giving words to it, but these are the same people that gave words to the music of Borodin in "Kismet" and we MUST admit that "Stranger in Paradise" HAS become a staple!
Just like Norm McDonald's last comedy, don't expect anything complex or high-brow. But expect tons of laughs! I was laughing from beginning to end! And Norm is assisted by Dave Chapelle, another one who's talented at his craft. There's no artistic merit to thoroughly discuss. All I have to say is it was funny, and I don't want to give away why it was funny. Just go see it! You won't get "screwed" like some smart-alecky people claim.
The first 1/2 hour poses an interesting premise. However, by the time I passed the second hour, I had had enough. It slows to a halt, and never gets moving again. I decided to give Sherman's March a second try, and made it all the way through. This was a mistake. If you want to see a good premise badly executed, this is the paradigm. If you want a good movie, march away and choose something else.
A hilarious comedy that pulls no punches and is miles away from being politically correct. Not for the easily offended - the girls talk about everything from abortion to suicide - but packed with laughs from beginning to end. You'll be giggling the entire film. The 'girls' are all great, but Jack Plotnick's portrayal of Evie in the 1970-ish B-movie "Asteroid" is priceless. I still can't keep a straight face when imagining him trying to say "as-tro-phy-si-cist."
Barbra Streisand and George Segal combine there comedic talents to make one of the finest comedies of all time. This film is a combination of good acting, good directing, and is an all-around good movie. It is very much Simonesque (to invent a term) in its aptitude and subtle comedy. The way to tell a superb comedy, is if after the the film, you are left with a feeling of nostalgia. This is definitely one of those films.
The demented and hilarious re-working of what appears to be originally a dreary Filipino wrestling movie/crime drama, the Troma team does what Woody Allen did in "What's Up, Tiger Lily?" but with less restraint. The humor ranges from mildly absurd to outright raunchy, but it made me and a roommate laugh until we had to stop the tape. Not for everyone, but those who enjoy "Mystery Science 3000" and similar entertainment should find this right up their alley.
i think South Park is the funniest cartoon ever made. it may be rude but thats the best part of it. simply Trey Parker has done an excellent job! the tv show, movie, songs and everything else are great and i must add Cartman is the funniest cartoon charecter of all time and his voice is so cute! People who stay away from South Park should at least try watching it once and see what they were missing...
Although 'Le trou Normand' lives on as Brigitte Bardot's film-debut, I think this view an injustice to the great French actor Bourvil. It's him, in the principal role of Hyppolite, who greatly carries this rather enjoyable movie to its end. Seventeen year old Brigitte plays a role she admittedly does not like: a not-too-sincere girl with a conceited state of mind. In spite of all that, the shape of things to come is clearly visible.
A classic in its genre. I remember seeing the "Emmanuelle" films (in the days before video or cable TV) at the infamous midnight movies. I just watched it from the DVD in French w/English subtitles. I recommend this format whenever possible on foreign-language films. You can at least hear the actors own voices and the inflections that are often lost with poor dubbing. The acting seemed pretty decent, much better than this sort of film today. Grade: B
Group of guys grow up together, go different ways...couple go bad, couple buy a truck. Act like it's the greatest thing in the world until the end when one decides he needs a new start. The big conflict was when they scratched the truck...I just didn't get it. Other than the fact that the director went on to do Battle Royale I can't think of any reason to see this. Ending made no sense to me at all.
The worst movie ever,Even Howard the Duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter. Ed Anders and anyone associated with this piece,should goto every video store and buy all the copies so there is no trace they worked on it. Ed,you should of put the director as Alan Smitty.You must be ashamed,i am for you,and we have never met. This has the production value of a well budgeted porno,and acting to match. I want my life back!!!
Group of unexcited Catholic school girls, forced to board in for Easter Break decide it would be tons of fun to play with fire when they re-enact ancient voodoo/witchcraft curses. Poor (not to mention obvious) rip-off of THE CRAFT is lame pretty much the whole way through until the surprise climax ending and resolution. But, just because the last 2 minutes before credits is great, I wouldn't say that justifies BLOCKBUSTER rental prices. The movie is still lame.
Stay away from this piece of garbage! The book, co-authored by Holiday and William Duffy(1956), was one of the most honest, brutal and human autobiographies ever written. Ross' depiction of Holiday is horrendously erroneous on every level. She doesn't look, sound or act like her. This movie is only for Ross fans. Billie Holiday fans will learn just as much about her by watching old reruns of The Jetsons. I'm Johnny Roulette and this movie was absolutely horrible!
Although this film wasn't a career high for either of these great performers it did demonstrate that there was majic between them. If you check Kerr's biography, this film isn't list on her film chronology. In fact, it is hardly mention on any other site other than IMDb's. I think it was because she appeared nude. She was 48 when this film was released. I think she is one of the greatest beauties that ever graced the screen.
Grease has to be the best musical off all the time. The wonderful actors and actress' give there characters all they've got and bring out a wonderful performance all the way through the movie especially John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Stockard Channing and Didi Conn. And, who can forget the music. Absolutely amazing. It's no wonder that the Grease soundtrack in the best selling musical soundrack ever. (It sure is brilliant.) Grease really is the word. It's fantastic. 10/10
D.A.R.Y.L. blows the big one, if you know what I mean! This movie attempted at what Spielberg's Artificial Intelligence achieved. You can chalk this one up as an absolute cheeseball. I almost gave up on it after the nauseating Ballgame scenes, but I became a little more interested when the plot picked up after Daryl is taken away by the government scientists. Stick around for a pretty decent cop chase but I doubt you'll make it that far!
It started on the road and probably shouldn't have gone farther. Psycho delivery driver gets fired due to poor driving. Stalks woman who reported him, and her family. I would tell you the ending but technically that would be a spoiler - though nothing could really spoil this cookie cutter predictable attempt. A very UN-thrilling thriller. May attract a few young males hoping to see Yasmine Bleethe in Baywatch attire - but, sorry guys - no bikini today.
The idea that a buried behemoth sparked all life on Earth and has been gradually altering the DNA of man ever since sounded promising, but ridiculous logic, conclusions reached without any logical explanation and a flat, cop-out of an ending really kept this one firmly in the "watchable but fairly drab" category. Epoch teases the viewer with the feeling that something really interesting is just around the corner. Sadly that something never really comes.
I've watched this movie in my country. It's uttermostly stupid movie. The story is bad, going on without reason. Some scene was copied from Ju-On. And the ghost capture by photo camera idea came from a game. There are some bad 3-D scenes but it's just a cheap and cannot-frighten-you 3-D. It's not worth watching. Try some movie else. I give this movie an F grade. PS. This is just my humble opinion. Thanks!
This is a film based on the "wonder" Helen Keller as an adult (20). It's a good example on how a good story can go wrong, so wrong. The actors tries so much, too much, and when you do that you always stumble and fall. And in this movie they fall over and over again. There is no surprises in this movie. After watching it for 15-20 minutes i knew the movie without knowing the Helen Keller story.
"Takedown" is a dire film. Poor direction, poor acting and an embarrassingly bad script make this a film to avoid at all costs. The story of Kevin Mitnik is a fascinating one but "Takedown" misses the mark by miles. If you want to watch a well-made and fun film about hacking, then watch "Wargames". If you want to know the truth about what happened to Kevin Mitnuk then watch "Freedom Downtime". There's simply no reason to watch "Takedown".
Casper Van Dien is one of the worst actors I've seen in movies today, but he is particular bad in this terrible shark movie which is completely devoid of good action, horror, and fun. If you are looking for a shark movie without much of a plot but with fun moments, check out DEEP BLUE SEA (7/10), the more expensive and superior shark movie that came out the same year, but do not watch SHARK ATTACK. 3/10
I've heard about how awful Pauly Shore's humour is. This film easily and quickly confirmed that. This film is a horrible parody of a great film, "12 Angry Men". It disgusted me to see such a great film treated so. You are better off steering clear of this film. If you are interested in a quality drama, just watch "12 Angry Men"; if you want a good laugh, make sure Pauly Shore is not in it.
The funny thing about this movie is how dumb it is. It's stupid plot line is what makes it funny. You have to see this when you get drunk though, because it will be a whole night full of laughs. The deal with the credits rolling at the end with the voice over is enough to make you laugh for weeks. Not only that, just how dumb "Sam" or "Uncle Sam" really is when it comes to killing.
I expected this movie to be something similar to The thing with Kurt Russel, which was a pretty good movie. Unfortunately the Ice station was degrading exponentially as it approached the end. Two sons of Satan meeting in the Antartics and playing around some pentagram altar is a bit below my taste of a good screenplay. It was a complete waste of money and time to see this movie, so I advise everyone to spend them somewhere else.
Starts OK. But... Then all goes downhill. Reminds me too much of the Swedish TV series (3 parts) 'Dödspolare'. I do not want to spoil the plot, far from! But if you like films where bad turns to worse only to end at... The movie hits rock bottom, and starts to dig. The only positive I can post is; Jack performs excellently! As always! If you like this kind of movie, you must see 'Dödspolare'!
What to say about Pod People... besides IT STINKS! Well most of the MST3K crew's classic lines have already been summarized. This is definitely one of the worst movies to be shown on MST, but the classic riffing of Joel and the bots makes it pretty painless. The sketches with the keyboards and Joel and the bots rendition of "Hear the Engines Roll Now" are classic. "Hear the engines roll now... Idiot control now... Hideous control now!"
This movie is a typical example of something I see a lot in anime; a succession of fights strung together by some vague story. Some of the fights are pretty entertaining, what with the various characters interesting powers, but I saw it two days ago and I can barely even remember what happened, because the plot was so dull. No indication of any sort of intelligence or depth behind the really silly story, but more or less watchable.
Harlan County Kentucky is a beautiful place not Vancouver in Canada were the movie was filmed. The people of Harlan County Kentucky do not talk like Granny of the Beverly Hillbillies as Holly Hunter did. Why were the people of Harlan County Kentucky left out of this movie. The coalminers strike in Harlan County Kentucky was alot more than what this movie portrayed. I was embarrassed for the maker of this movie.
A decent plot ruined by a bad script and lousy acting: That's basically what you have with this S&S turd. Was this thing made to cause Leonardo di Vinci to roll over in his grave? Because that's what he would do if he saw the mama's boy portrayal of him in this piece of crap. I gave this a 2 only because of the one guy who keeps yelling 'I'm Comiiiiiinnnnng!' Now that is laugh out loud funny!
Aside from a few good jokes here and there this one was rather dull. No wonder it won an award for most boring comedy of the year in 1995. I chuckled a couple of times, but for the most part I just wanted it to be over. Mel Brooks was most definitely not at his best for this one as at times you forget it is supposed to be a comedy and it takes it self to seriously.
Tea Leoni is quite possibly the worst actress on the planet. She must be one heck of a person, because David Duchovny certainly didn't marry her for her potential as a mega-star. Her death was the high point of the film, we can only wish it had happened somewhere in the opening credits. May the good Lord rescue Morgan Freeman from ever having to act with such poor co-stars again, the man deserves MUCH better than this.
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, for poor acting and unbelievable plot. A lot of the acting is like watching a bad TV show, and gets extremely hokey at times. The film starts out OK and gets progressively worse, with the climax being the last scene in the movie. It might be a good movie to watch if you were extremely intoxicated for sheer comedy value (although the movie isn't supposed to be comedy).
I've watched this movie in my country. It's uttermostly stupid movie. The story is bad, going on without reason. Some scene was copied from Ju-On. And the ghost capture by photo camera idea came from a game. There are some bad 3-D scenes but it's just a cheap and cannot-frighten-you 3-D. It's not worth watching. Try some movie else. I give this movie an F grade. PS. This is just my humble opinion. Thanks!
This movie could very well have the best original score I've ever heard, which is saying a lot because I pay close attention to such things. So, Koichi Sugiyama, thank you for your excellent work. That is the main reason why I voted a 10 on this movie. The film is quite a bit silly at times, but otherwise flawless. I just wish more people had seen it. Friendship, sacrifice, loyalty, destiny, fate, and love... Like I said, "Wow."
My children and I truly enjoyed this delightful movie. Even though the story line is a little predictable, the actors made it fun to watch. This is a "kid" movie. They loved the slapstick, and the predictability. The scene with Joey on the porch talking to his "dad" was my favorite. It brought tears to my eyes. That boy was very natural and sincere. My children and I thought it was cute,and a lot of fun for family entertainment.
I found the blend of action and humor in this film to be very entertaining. Michelle Yeoh does some incredible stunts, including imaginative use of rope in one sequence. Richard Ng does some pretty slick moves too. Also the actress who plays Chin-Chin does some impressive fighting. If you like Michelle Yeoh films, or even Jackie Chan films, this really should be right up your alley. Incredible stunts, and very funny dialog, this was a real treat to watch.
Always a winner in sophisticated roles, Crawford had a huge hit with Cheyney. Far superior to the Shearer film (Norma only had 3 expressions), Crawford gives a heavy dose of credibility and leaves one wishing she had made My Man Godfrey, not Carole Lombard. It is her ability to take the most banal lines and give real meaning to them that enabled her to achieve greatness in roles that were not always very great. This being one of them.
A moderately effective thriller featuring a capable performance by Leelee Sobieski as a teenage girl who, along with her younger brother, is taken in by a couple of old family friends after the mysterious deaths of her parents. The story is fairly predictable as thrillers go, but Sobieski delivers a performance that has enough spark to keep the audience interested and the production design and the look of the `glass house' that they live in are impressive. GRADE: B
Put aside all of the talk about technique and animation achievements (although these are done excellently) and enjoy the story for its triumph and splendor of the delivery of God's people. One comment about the animation needs to be said: The emotions of the characters are depicted splendidly, especially by the use of great breathing detail (watch for deep sighs and heaving chests). The sound track is worth having on its own merit. Excellent work by the composer.
This 3-part production is the most perfect thing I've ever seen on television - the writing, acting, direction, locations, costumes, etc are faultless. Episode two, where Lady Slane learns that Mr Fitzgeorge fell in love with her when they were young, but never revealed his love, is a triumph, and reduces me to tears every time I watch it. Why this series isn't available on commercial release is a mystery, because they just don't get any better than this.
Obviously, someone at the writer's den couldn't think of any more ideas so they decided to steal Executive Decision. It's the same story and same EXACT plot. Plane gets hijacked, there's a bomb, a team goes in by via plane hook-up, some made it, gotta disarm bomb, and whee!! All the heroes make it. They even copied the salute in the end when the hero and soldiers saluted. Whoo, boy. Someone ought to smack the writers around for copying.
I recently got interested in viewing "classic" films, and according to the reviews I'd read of this movie, it was supposed to be quite an unpredictable thriller that keeps you guessing until the very end. Perhaps I'm a little jaded or something, but I was so disappointed with this film I was sure I'd rented the wrong one. There was no suspense, the ending was predictable, and I was left feeling very let down. So much for a "classic".
This is a serial that has it all! The leads,Herman Brix[Bruce Bennett],Charles Quigley,and David Sharpe are top notch.Carole Landis is fine as the herione,and Charles Middleton does his usual fne work as the master villian.Sharpe shows that he can act as well as perform those great stunts!Location filming adds to the scenic values,good story line,music score,and special effects from the Lydecker brothers. It all adds up to 12 chapters of non-stop action.One of my top ten serials from Republic.
Excellent war drama and realistic account of a courageous U.S. infantry unit trying to gain control of high ground held by snipers and flame throwers in Korea on the edge of Armistice in 1953. All-star cast that features Gregory Peck, Rip Torn, George Peppard, Woody Strode, Harry Guardino and Bob Steele. Also look for Robert Blake, Martin Landau and Gavin MacLeod in this grim and desperate military action. Peck is rock solid and in command. Directed by Lewis Milestone.
To watch this film and enjoy it you either have to enjoy the skating shows put on, the disco music, or fancy one of the cast. I watched this film and enjoyed it. I suppose I fancied Linda Blair in it, but other than that the only reason I liked it was because it was simple fun, not to be taken seriously. It's easy on the eyes, and easy on the eyes. Eye candy, if you will. :-)
I've always supported this movie all my life as the most faithful production. The Brits really are the best when it comes to "cinematic reproductions of literary masterpieces",(as I like to call them). If you're looking for this movie I suggest either ordering it through amazon.com or check out your local library. I've owned this movie ever since I was a little girl. It was the first movie I ever owned and so I am greatly attached to it.
In the beginning, while watching this film, I was alternately disgusted and infuriated. I was looking at the characters thinking things like "get a job", "say something" or "take a bath!". Needless to say, I ended up being humbled and deeply moved. We glimpse each character's inner world, revealing their pain, faults and strength. And it literally turned the tables on me and got me to examine myself--my capacity for understanding and love. This is truly a great film.
Great movie with a pretty s****y ending I must say. During all the movie you´ve been looking forward til the end when the devil will appear and it´ll be a hell of a fight. And what do you get, 1 shot and over !? That was very lame... But all the other things was super cool, that´s for sure. Could be a 10 if it lasted all the way, too bad it didn´t. But it gets 8.5 anyway.
While super-critical cineasts might find fault with this debut offering of Eric Mendelsohn, I was delighted and moved by it. A poetic tone, a profound humanism, graceful and splendid perfomances by sadly neglected actors and an innovativeness that a more splashy, slick film like "American Beauty" lacked. Suburbia and its inhabitants aching for real communion, mostly unable to give or receive it...how well this movie expressed it! Bravo and may there soon be more from Mendelsohn and his like!
There were quite a few low budget musicals made during the '50s that were mostly insignificant but very watchable because they made no pretense at being "great." "The Girl Most Likely" is one of the more likable. There's some wonderfully exuberant choreography by Gower Champion and the score contains a few songs that any musical would be proud to own. This was a musical remake (as so many of this type were) of Garson Kanin's "Tom, Dick and Harry."
I was channel hoping when I caught the start of this film but it was one of those gems that really had me hooked. Everything was superb, from the performances, script, editing etc. It lets you into the lives of the people concerned in a most enlightening, thought provoking way. I believe the true measure of a film is how it leaves you and how it remains with you. Again this is a gem, catch it if you can.
I wonder if Zemeckis was attempting to preach to us about tampering with nature or for that matter, your outer body. Perhaps he was warning Hollywood about the danger in beauty plastic surgery that is getting out of hand. Maybe we should just blame the script writers for being very unfunny. The only advantage in watching this on broadcast TV is that the commercials were more interesting. But I liked the end party scene with Elvis and James Dean.
Dreams can come true but they don't occur the way you thought they would. That sums this movie up for me. I recently saw this movie "The Road Home," in Vegas and I really enjoyed it. There was a couple of slow scenes but I still will tell my friends to go see it. If you love baseball you have to see this film. My girlfriend cried a couple of times, she got wrapped up in the love story.
I rate this DVD a perfect 10/10. No other artist has ever come close to acheiving what Madonna has in any field of music, but especially music videos. She has garnered 65 MTV video award nominations - SIXTY FIVE. This compilation features my two favorite music videos of all time - Ray of Light, and The Power of Goodbye. If you are a Madonna fan, run, don't walk to the nearest retailer and get this ASAP.
I think that this movie can´t be taken to seriously. If you read other comments you will find a lots of complains. I say: Don´t pay to much attention to those. Although this movie is childish and predictable, its content is funny as hell and the actors are perfect for their rolls. Don´t crap it down people because it was a long time ago that i had such fun at the cinema! Go Fares!! 10/10 for the comedy!
This film has absolutely nothing to recommend it. Bad acting, an even worse script, poor cinematography ... you name it, it all flops. Many of the extras were not even aware they were taking part in a film as is evidenced by their staring curiously at the cameras. Unlike even PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, which is so bad it's at least worth some good laughs, this bomb doesn't even rate a good chuckle. An utter waste of celluloid.
When I rented this film I had heard a lot of good things about it. I also heard that it was a comedy. It was in the comedy section. It was promoted as a comedy. IT WAS NOT A COMEDY! This is a very serious film that is sometimes very difficult to watch. Moreover, the ending is very depressing. Eckhart plays the biggest jerk in the history of film. A good movie that you will probably not enjoy watching.
This movie was so dumb and slow was it ever slow. The only good part of the film was the girl in the tight shinny gold pants. There was no gore whatsover and what is a 80's horror movie without a little gore. Plus the killer wasn't at all scary nor were the murders. But if you like to watch the world's worst horror movie then this is for you. Don't waste your time like I did watching this.
I really enjoyed the movie. Sometimes you want to watch something that is fun and lighthearted with a happy ending. Not every film is a great epic. People tend to be hard on films like these when writing a review because they think every film must be deep and intellectual. This movie can be enjoyed by the whole family, has a lot of funny moments, and won't give you nightmares. Not a waste of time if you like fun!
I have heard that the so-called 'christian' right has had something to do with this first-class film biography of one of the world's greatest scientists not being made available to the public. If this is so, why do contributors, like myself, continue to support Public Television if the directors of WGBH, WNET, and the other PBS stations that are constantly begging us for money refuse to have this marvellous six-part series issued as a DVD or VHS?
Kingpin is a great mini series. Most parts are very intense and it's full of family love. The only bad part is that there seems to be two different story going on at the same time. There doesn't seem to be any connection between the two (I miss the first episode, so I don't know if they have mentioned the connection, but from the 2nd episode to the 6th, there is nothing mentioning the connection between the 2 "story")
Denys Arcand's new film STARDOM is a very funny satire of the celebrity obsessed times we live in. Jessica Pare plays Tina Menzhal, a girl from Cornwall, Ontario who becomes a supermodel. Along the way we see how the media reacts to her and her relationships. The film is funny throughout with wonderful supporting work from Dan Aykroyd, Frank Langhella and Thomas Gibson. Although Arcand goes too far sometimes, the film is overall and excellent satire of modern life.
I am not pleased to say this, but so far, this is the first movie ever that I was completely unable to finish. I could not finish this film. I rented it, sat down and watched it, and then, three quarters through, I just turned it off, ejected it, and returned it. It was just insulting that a character this great should be abused in such a crazy film. Perhaps in Japan it was more popular, I dont know.
I saw Kill By Inches at the Brussels International Fantasy Film Festival 2000 (last year) and I can say it was the most unique and stunningly original film there. Great cast of strange characters. I was truly struck by the studied, chilling atmosphere and dark mood in this story of a young tailor (played by Emmanuel Salinger) who goes insane, inch by inch by inch, by degrees. Very singular, unique film, very rare to see these days.
Good story, but the film is marred by "pretentious child actor" overload. Children really do not speak this way. ALL of the children in this film suffer from an overwritten script. The lead child actor, Joseph Cross, spends the entire film (with the exception of one scene) with a depressed scowl on his face. True, he is a sad little boy, but it becomes very annoying nonetheless. The film comes off very heavy handed and preachy at the end.
Great acting, great cast, great effects, great plot. This movie has it all...suspense, twists, and a little action. Even a small bit of romance. I've watched the movie a zillion times, every time picking something new out of it. Lately I've found a few mistakes in it, the latest being a scene where a headlight burns out in one camera angle scene and not in another... but that's another story. If you like adventure movies, this one's for you!
This is a feel good movie. Full of action, comedy and suspense. We need to have Part 2 to watch. I have already worn out my first vhs tape and bought another one. Whenever I feel like a pick me up, I put in this tape and it always brings a smile to my face. I have some very good idea for the sequel. If I feel this way, then you know , other's must feel this way also.
Disappointing follow-up to the phenomenal Scream Greats Vol 1 eschews the planned focus on esteemed contemporary horror film figures, instead embracing sensationalist examination of and commentary on, you guessed it, satanism and witchcraft. Of little interest to rational Fangoria or Starlog readers, it consequently killed the series dead. Originally, bearded filmmaker Tobe Hooper was to be the focus of this installment. What went wrong? Recommended for superstitious adolescents and gullible adults, only. Otherwise, don't bother.
Mucha Lucha is a really good and difrent series made by Lili Mort and Eddie Chin. It's not everyday that the wrestling style of Lucha Libre is showcase like the way it is in the show. The fact that anyplace at anytime a ring would pop up and the wrestlers do slick, unreal moves. Other than that The Flea and Snow Pea make this series a hit. I hope Kids WB' keeps this show on for quite a while.
Besides, the story told is very sensitive and real. It reflects the situation that a man faces when he comes back to his homeland after living abroad many years. All the characters, the photography of this beautiful city, the Real Sporting, and the story, make this movie a real pleasure to watch. I am not surprised that it was awarded the Oscar to the Best Foreign Film in 1982 from the National Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
This is without a doubt the worst film i have ever seen. It is so pants. The story makes no sense. The characters have no emotion. The acting is the worst i have ever ever seen. The main character is a muppet. Why does he constantly have to have a bloody shirt on? What the dickens is that muskeeter lizard thing. I hate this film i hate it HATE HATE HATE. give this film a well desrved 1/10
SERIAL MOM. Kathleen Turner plays Beverly, the seemingly perfect, cheerful housewife and Mom (who also happens to be a foul-mouthed serial killer on the side), in John Waters's consistently sharp, amusing satire "Serial Mom." As far as plot structure goes, "Serial Mom" isn't all that impressive, but Turner's sheer comic energy as she kills typical suburban people for stealing parking spaces and not rewinding their rented videos carries this one quite a ways. Rated R. ***1/2 out of ****
When I heard that Road to Wellville was made into a movie, starring Hopkins and Broderick, I was very eager to see it. All those weird, idiosyncratic things that are my home town's heritage would be charmingly explained on the silver screen. Alas, it was not to be. The book was well written, the movie was disappointing. The director seemed focused on enemas and did not relate all the other wonderful, bizarre and interesting treatments. My advice...read the book.
It is appalling that such a cheap movie got a rating of 6.0. The budget for the movie couldn't have been more than $150 (and the producers more than likely took the cast out for dinner with the surplus). The sad thing is, if I saw it in the movie store, I'd probably rent it again, just to have a good time. Look for this one to be some sort of demented underground cult classic in the near future.
Made during the `Glory Days' of the ABC Movie of the Week, when they were putting out some real quality TV-Movies (The Night Stalker; Dr. Cook's Garden; A Brand New Life; Congratulations, It's a Boy; Five Desperate Women), this one ranks with the best of them. Chandler-esque detective yarn, great atmosphere, clever dialogue, and perfectly cast (particularly Michael Dunn, probably the greatest Little Person actor in Hollywood history). Catch it if you can. A true gem.
I can't believe that I am spending additional time, other than the time it took to actually watch the film, thinking about this movie. Maybe it is the good samaritan in me that is compelling me to warn others about this movie. This is a horrible movie. The movie consists of one long series of arguments. The attempts at humor are not funny and the characters are not believable. Do not rent this movie. There, I feel better now.
Jim Carrey is awesome. Ace Ventura is such a well made movie. The script is great, the acting is great, but Jim Carrey is the best. He just has this way of knowing exactly what to do to make you laugh. What gets me the most is the little stuff in the movie that you might not see the first time. Somebody'll be talking and Jim will be behind them just being himself and it's hilarious. Great, great movie.
Lawrence Tibbett's penultimate film. Oscar-nominated star of early talkies and 30s films is almost forgotten now. Good little film with terrific cast. Virginia Bruce, Alice Brady, Cesar Romero, Jane Darwell, Jessie Ralph, George Marion, Luis Alberni, Walter Brennan, Thurston Hall, Etienne Girardot, Mary Gordon are all familiar faces. Tibbett plays struggling singer who breaks free from dominating star, Brady. Several good arias and some nice cinematography. And it's not often you hear anyone referred to as "monkey wrench girl!"
The book was great. I realize that rarely does a movie cover a book well, but this was absolutely ridiculous! Half the scenes in the movie were completely fabricated from the screenwriter's imagination, and bore no resemblance to the events portrayed in the book. Furthermore, the casting was awful. Willem DaFoe as Clark? Give me a break! DaFoe is a great actor, but horribly miscast here. All in all, it was disgraceful. Even as a stand-alone movie, it stunk.
Angus is a beautiful movie. Although it sounds like an overused storyline, (outcast who is not accepted by peers), this movie does a lot with it. Charlie Talbert is genuinely believable and Kathy Bates and George C. Scott are fine in their roles. James Van Der Beek is great in his role as the villain. The movie has some good plot turns as well. If you go see this movie, you will truly enjoy it. **** out of ****.
It is such a shame that very few films like this exist. It is a poignant coming of age film that does not revolve around sex. Angus Bethune's transition into his teenage years is about fitting in, and being comfortable with yourself, NOT about getting laid. Perhaps it's just me, but this seems more reflective of the concerns I had growing up than other cheap laugh Hollywood films. Great movie. I laughed, I cried, I had a good time.
Or maybe it is the best. Characters are 100% convincing, shooting on location is terrific and the story itself is absolutely thrilling. It is another exploration of human obsession undertaken by Herzog with brilliant (as usual) results. Of course, one may question the technical side of the two solo climbs but here we can completely rely on the expertise of Reinhold Meissner. Unfortunately, it is not likely that this film will be ever appreciated by the mainstream American audience.
I consider myself to be more cynical, jaded, and negative than most people, but this movie will not allow it! This is an honest, feel-good movie with likeable characters and a story anyone can relate to. It is very well-written and well-acted as well. It also has a really good ending, which is very important. This is one of those movies I took a chance on in the rental store, and boy am I glad that I did! Enjoy!
A group of explorers find themselves stranded on a plateau where prehistoric beasts still live, cut off from the rest of the planet's evolution. This is still the best adaptation of Conan Doyle's gripping novel. It may be silent but the characters are exactly how they were envisaged in the book, the dinosaurs are well-made and there is barely a dull moment. The first film of this genre to really attract attention is still one of the highlights.
i found this movie incredibly entertaining! this is probably the best Adam Sandler film i've ever watched. but huge fans of Sandler would probably be disappointed because there is no gross or wild comedy in here. clean fun! and 10 brownie points for the music. eighties music never looked so good! this is a very good movie with sweet comedic scenes. and yes, Adam Sandler singing his lungs out. i absolutely recommend watching it for a good time!
This movie was an atrocity. The whole movie based on Flip Dog's dream of going to Chicago, and you waited for him to leave Iowa the whole movie. Finally he went and just came right back to Iowa. Then it ended. Not that the beginning and middle were anything interesting, except Iowa locals doing what you would think it's like to hang out in Iowa. Except there life was ridiculous. Three ridiculous individuals. Flip Dog is pretty cool though.
I'm one of those who actually liked this film and after reading the reviews here I'm glad most rated this film above average. Some say the characters are stupid and they will frustrate you but I don't remember this, all I remember is that it was a pretty suspenseful "what if the russians nuke the us" film. Compare it to "Deep Impact" without the effects but better. I hope it gets released on DVD soon. I love the ending.
Too bad this little gem was not seen by many in the theatres for it is truly a work of art. A man gets a call from a telephone booth saying the world is going to have a nuclear war in 90 min. Is it true? Anthony Edwards, Mare Winningham and Denise Crosby all do a good job. And the excellent soundtrack by Tangerine Dream makes it even better. The ending will haunt you for days. Rent this movie!
Most of the action takes place on land, and nothing of substance happens there. The film is lowbrow to the extreme (every single female character is an airhead that's ready to go to bed with a stranger THE MINUTE she meets him - the ultimate male fantasy, perhaps?), but at least you get to look at some beautiful landscapes, and of course there is also a lot of nudity to keep you going between the all-too-infrequent shark attacks. (*1/2)
This is definitely a thriller. And one of the reasons why is Richard Jordan who plays the psychopath, Alan Delour. He is so convincing he is absolutely frightening. Especially his last scenes, he gives me shivers every time I watch him. He was definitely one of the finest actors that ever was and when he passed away, we lost a great talent. Kurt Russell also did a find job as Malcolm Anderson and the two worked really well together.
After reading the book The Winds of War and watching the first mini series in 1983, I waited for War and Remembrance to premier in 1989. I own the tape sets and re-watch them every one in a while! Herman Wouk's novel was GREAT and Dan Curtis was outstanding in both mini series. The ABC television network should re-run both mini series for sweeps week. I bet it would be a hit 2nd time around in the 21st century!
It's amazing what movies people will make these days. When I heard this was made in 1995, I was at first surprised and then understanding. This movie is a women in prison movie, and as such makes use for gratiutous nudity (thank you!) plenty of violence and a REALLY cheesy plot line. This movie is so cheesy I think more mice watch it than humans. A definite must for a bachelor party, a definite must not for anything else!
Spoilers ahead (if you can call them that). There is no reason to watch this worthless slasher. A killer with a twitchy eye awakes. Mario Lopez from "Saved by the Bell" leads a bunch of nobodies into the forest-they all die (EVERYBODY!) and rather bloodlessly at that!!!!!! The twitchy eyed killer goes back to sleep.....THE END.....So many unintentionally laughable moments....No fun whatsoever.....Gary Busey's roll is stupid and about 1 minute long. Should be called "A Cr.p in the Floor".
...but awfully close to it. you know what other "dark" and "controversial" movies have that this one didn't? a point. ...oh! and good acting. though i guess i wouldn't have minded the teleprompter-ish quality to the dialogue if what was on the teleprompters weren't so retarded. also it might have helped if the sound were actually synchronized to the image, but maybe that's just me being picky. wow, this movie was bad. -f
A colossal mess. Badly acted, poorly written, sorely misdirected. The "3 Ninjas" series never needed a sequel, much less the uncountable number it has spawned. The infamous 3 Ninjas go to a theme park in this sequel and use Hulk Hogan to fight off a bunch of terrorists (?). Miserable, putrid stuff. The acting is in league with "Pod People" (1983). Do NOT watch this movie! I feel stupiderererer already. 0/5 stars. - John Ulmer
Worst Henry VIII as he looks nothing like him Costumes, excellent, Sets,excellent . Many historical errors. We are "Tudor" fans and would prefer more accuracy over the blatant pornography. I know you do not like criticism, but someone has to face reality in writing We were hoping for a real good historical story with good writing , and accuracy. That whole episode about the sisters of Henry VIII , Margaret & Mary was pitiful
A couple of whiny boomer guys p*** and moan about how horrible it is to have money and a great family, chuck it all for sex and drugs in some 3rd world hell hole, then wonder why it's not satisfying. Throw in some Philosophy 101 and a dash of Penthouse Forum and you get this mess of a movie. Yet, somehow, some way, it held my attention all the way through. So for that alone, it gets a 3.
This is my short review of Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle. This movie blows big time! I'm a big fan of the R&B cartoon, but sitting through this live action update was like the most painful torture imaginable. Watching this took away precious time from my life that I'll never regain. The only part I enjoyed was the last minute, where Rocky and Bullwinkle are finally back in their cartoon form. Let's pray they never leave that form again.
This was one of the most predictable films I have ever seen. It was obvious from the start that everything would turn out as it did. You could tell the lead character was not going to get far with baseball for whatever reason, but he was going to do well at something. Gosselaar was poor and tried to build his role up beyond it's limits and Kirstie Alley should have fired her agent! I would expect better than this.
Yet another nazi-prison movie, that followed after Ilses success. This one has the usual stuff;lesbian warden, sadistic guards, forced co-workers and lotsa young women in shower/softcore sex scenes. The only highlight in this movie, is when the hero has his testicles removed, so the Kommandant can have them implanted (he lost them on the front, to a russian girl). Rather predictable and the torture scenes are kindda boring - for anyone who have seen this type of movie before.
What possesses someone to make such a f**ked up piece of crap? I LOVE bad movies, but I have truly seen hell on film & this is it. This gets my worst rating. Tormenting blind people & babies, beating up little kids, breaking into women's homes & raping them, oh that's real entertainment! Even worse than the fact the film was made is that Something Wierd just put it out on a double feature DVD. I don't get it.
This is another one of those rambling, pointless mid-1980's comedies that keep going on and on, without having anything to say, and without caring if the viewer is still amused or interested. The teaming of Matthau and Williams may appear promising, but it doesn't pay off, and the film is scarcely funny. Halfway through, the thin script has run completely out of steam, and there is nothing for the viewer to expect...apart from the redeeming "THE END", of course.
This movie has got to be the worse movie i have ever seen. I only watched about a half an hour and i just shut it off. The cars in this movie look like two geo metro's front ends smashed together. This movie isn't even good for laughs. The only time i laughed was when Dante kept saying in funny voice, "Nobody can beat Dante, Muhwa hwaa." I said holy god and shut it off. Bad, Bad movie. 2/10
I usually like Mike Meyers and have enjoyed his Austin Power movies. I knew this was supposed to be a silly comedy so I did not expect real 'value' by the movie experience other than entertainment. I was thoroughly disappointed. I don't remember laughing once. I was annoyed at the stupidity. The acting was over the top. Gwyneth does not have acting skills - I still wonder how she got that Oscar! Don't waste your money on this one.
In a movie with all these phenomenal stars, the audience should be able to expect a riot of comedy and charm. Unfortunately, the talents of Howard Keel and Kathryn Grayson tend to burn rather than smolder as the plot develops. Some scenes between the two main characters become absolutely tedious. That aside, Marge and Gower Champion are superb in this film, and Red Skelton with some help from Zsa Zsa Gabor adds several funny sketches to the overall production.
This movie is bad even by Matt Helm standards. It's as incomprehensible as the previous movie, "Murderers' Row", but lacks the ambiance of a French locale or the flamboyant villain that saved that one. The action sequences are totally lacking any credibility whatsoever. It's a shame that this one chased away so many movie goers that they decided not to turn out for the splendid (by Matt Helm standards) "The Wrecking Crew", the last and best of the series.
why, oh why I wonder is HL II this bad for me (and a great deal of others)? I asked myself this question many times, and I believe I found the right answer: it's an 80's action b-movie with very lousy bad guys, that was expected to live up to the Highlander myths. Having the immortals come from an alien planet is kind of making "Scent of a Woman 2" with the main character a vampire. just not right.
This one sits on the shelf besides Double Impact and gathers dust. Its a toss up for which film is worst, but I give it to Death Warrant. A few exciting fight scenes. He never would have made it out alive, but its a movie. Reminds me of Tango and Cash, and I did not like that one either. Don't even rent this one, but my dad seems to like this one when he watch it late one night.
Pretty bad as compared to Top Gun and Flight of the Intruder. Stock crap and only one flight director..... Yeah right People don't age in 10 years ????? I like the scenes at the Air force base , where they steal the F117, with all the private planes all around... uh huh. The Navy officer in a Naval Uniform being addressed as Colonel ???? Ice T is supposed to be acting ????? Wasted performance by William Sandler.
I watched this film because it was highly recommended. Needless to say I found it to be nothing more than an directionless version of Threesome right down to using New Order's - Bizarre Love Triangle in the movie. I thought it was biased towards men and felt it barely scraped the surface of any semblance of human emotion. Obviously this was directed by Gregg Araki... If this film bespeaks the future of relationships, I think I'll go for celibacy.
Lil Bow Wow does a good acting job, but Crispin Glover steals the show. Crispin Glover plays himself to perfection. He doesn't talk very much, only when it serves his own purposes. Morris Chestnut is also very good as he is one of my favorite actors. Jonathan Lipnicki's character is annoying and should be kidnapped instead of adopted. I'm glad they didn't have Bow Wow dunking too much, because it does look fake. A good family film. 4/10 Fair
Dolph Lundgren stars as Jason Price a NSA agent who after losing a witness in his protection agency investigates the leak and finds out that there's more then what meets the eye in this mediocre thriller which is definitely a nice looking feature but the plot is just too hard to follow making this for Dolph Lundgren fans who will ignore the plot and just enjoy the action. Still it remains one of Lundgren's better movies in quite awhile.
"Speedway Junky" is all about a disenfranchised young man who blows into Vegas where he encounters silly caricatures of the kind of street people we're used to seeing in movies about disaffected and rebellious youths. There's no speedway racing in this crappy film which flops on all levels as it staggers around sin city bumping into gay men on the make, girls on the prowl, druggies, thieves, etc. A better title for this flick would be "Way Junky". (D)
yes, worse than anaconda. consists of mostly pointless and usually very violent animations. revels in pointless grossouts -- not grossouts that have a point and humor, but for the sake of the grossout. same for the ubiquitous violence -- no point, no reason, no humor, just because animation can do it. i went with high hopes of good entertainment, but I didn't laugh once -- and I held out for almost an hour hoping. don't do it.
The overly familiar "Friday The 13TH"-type premise (with an extra Sci-Fi note thrown in) is better executed here, but the movie still amounts to a complete waste of time after it's over. The characters are engaging enough to keep it strangely watchable (when they die, you may not be moved, but you aren't glad, either), but there are too many dumb inconsistencies in the action scenes (especially in the level of damage that the robots' weapons can induce). (*1/2)
The only thing interesting about this movie was the Jane's Addiction poster in the main character's bedroom. Godmoney not only copies from other GOOD movies, but also includes some very mediocre acting. The main character, Nathan, does a decent job most of the time but the rest of the cast was weak. I had a hard time sitting through the whole movie. I expected a lot and got zip. Any other movie in this genre would likely be better.
This is not a good film. The acting is remarkably stiff and unconvincing.The film doesn't seem to know whether it is going for a real horror approach or to go down the camp and kitsch route. I never saw the first film but this one doesn't stand up on its own merits, there are several unconvincing plot twists and the viewer is never made aware of the importance of the lead female vampire. Not worth the effort of watching
They're trying to kill the president (again!) and this time they're using dolphins. No kidding. Whoever thought that getting Buck Henry and Mike Nichols together to make an action film hopefully lost their job, as The Day of the Dolphin is silly and boring, to boot. Dolphins were all the rage in the seventies (they're really intelligent, they can read minds, they can talk) and now that most of those theories have been debunked we're left with this curio.
in that dying minute of the action part of the movie, that seems to last an hour, the conflicts between the aspiration of the scriptwriter and the inspiration of the filming crew is revieled. from an A to a F in just 1 mínute, huh? however what is more worrying, is that this recipe has been used to cook up that world famous jack 24 hour bauer story, that makes you wanna move to the country or beyond!
Overall, this movie was a disappointment. I'm a huge film noir fan but the plot wasn't enjoyable or interesting enough to make up for its complexity. I found myself not caring as things were revealed. None of the characters made an impression on me. There were a few good visual tricks (the question-mark shadow in a doorway, bullets through a doorway in a dark room) but nevertheless a weak effort by Lang. Distinct feeling of having wasted my time.
The previous commentators have succinctly and excellently commented on this film. As a Lieutenant in the USN aboard ships which often went to the West Indies the movie has a nostalgic charm to it aided by the strictures of the Hayes Code and the mandatory happy ending. The only "errors" were the stationary and never moving beer bottles sitting [or glued]on an I-beam despite the fact that the ship is literally falling apart and sinking at the bow.
Watched this one dreary Saturday. Jack Palance turns in an interesting if somewhat wooden performance, but he is one of the only two high points. The other one is seeing the delightful Romina Powers topless ... according to the her birthdate information on the IMDB, she couldn't have been more than 17, maybe younger. But heck, if seeing a pretty girl topless and watching a mediocre Palance are the only good things you can remember from a movie...
If Tarantino is a genius, then I was a genius at age twelve. With dialog like `silly rabbit, trix are for kids,' I don't understand why people fawn over this juvenile imbecile. His `homages' are just blatant rip offs of movies that we've already seen . Some of which, are so dumb that only Tarantino could be impressed by them. Kill Bill is just an idiotic excuse for teenage mentality violence. How dare they call this excellent film making.
An action-packed comedy that's neither very thrilling nor funny. This sophomoric romp follows hitman Mark Whalberg through a kidnapping scheme that gets him into big trouble. I guess the moral is plain and simple: killing is better than abduction. There are a few genuine laughs, but not enough to balance out the moments of utter frustration as testosterone-fueled characters strut about uttering self-important bull. Antonio Sobato Jrs' (very underused) body is worth the price of admission.
This film could easily be a comedy, unless someone is 15 years old or younger. Rourke shows up only once and for about 5 min. The man obviously doesn't take his job seriously, not anymore... The whole concept of this movie is a joke! We 've seen it again hundreds of times. And the final scene! What an idea! Thousands of programmed mutant-robot-(god knows what else)-cockroaches come together to form a giant monster cockroach!!! GIVE US PEOPLE A BREAK!
This movie was awful, although I have seen some worse movies before. The Imp is the most annoying character even though he is supposed to be the most lovable. The witch is fairly attractive and the rest of the characters are really annoying. For example, the madman whom continuously points out that he's mad. And the knight in shining armor whom fights like a sissy and trusts everyone right away. But like I said, there have been worse movies.
If you're looking for a creepy, faux-documentary, rent "The Blair Witch Project". Yes, "Last Project" was made first, but there's a reason it's not as well known. The acting is on the community-college level. The script is film school tripe - plodding, self congratulatory, stupid, without any sense of pacing or urgency. The ending is completely ridiculous, and was painfully embarrassing to watch. The filmmakers did attempt to make a different kind of film, unfortunately their efforts fell flat.
I saw this a couple of times in the late seventies. My parents had just subscribed to this new service called Cable TV, and low and behold we had a movie channel called Showtime. I watched it every day it was on. It gives new meaning to the word "Putz". I really wish it would be released on video/DVD. I don't understand why it hasn't been. It is sad that another generation hasn't had the opportunity to share the laughs.
What can one say, a MasterPiece down to the details. 6 ppl is acting out a story that is just mindblowing. You have this set of totally different persons trying to live and co-exist, and trying not to conflict. I don't want to spoil the movie for you by telling you something from it, so I'm just gonna give you this advice. See it, and act it out with the movie, and you will have a movie experience to remember!
Tuned into this movie late one night as I occasionally like to watch 'B' movies (no pun intended!) just for fun. However I was wonderfully suprised at the quality of acting I found. This movie had all the suspense and drama of jaws, except with bees. And yes the bees were badly rendered, and looked very 2 dimensional, but GET OVER IT, else you'll miss the guts of the movie. Above par acting by most, especially the kids...........
I just watched the movie again and would like to restate how good it is! It's suspenseful! It's adventurous! Survival! The little "Justin" boy is the comic relief of the movie. But there also are some weaker parts of the movie, but it is still strong and great for the whole family! "Two Scoops!"-Daniel Busheikin, Part of Justin. David Charvet puts on an amazing preformance! The plot is about a plane crash! That's all I can say without ruining it!
I saw this a few years ago, and remember little except my poor reaction to it. It struck me as very childish, with one-dimensional characters, and an unoriginal idea. 'Save the crystals, save the world' was already getting old in the video game series by this point, and it felt like an attempt to milk something popular. You'll probably like this a lot more if you are younger, and Final Fantasy-obsessed, but it really wasn't worth the rental for me.
I saw this film at a New York film festival and was pleasantly surprised. "101 Ways" is what "Reality Bites" should have been. An interesting, tightly-knit, witty comedy from a female point-of-view. Just when you think it is headed for a cliche, the film takes a turn and surprises the audience. Very impressive debut. BTW, this film deserves theatrical distribution but even if it doesn't get it, I'm sure it will build quite a cult following on video and cable.
I thought this was a very well done movie even though it had one of those disjointed plots that are so common with European flicks,(the ending had me totally confused). I thought that the dubbing was well done and the movie was quite nice to look at. There was also a death scene that came right out of nowhere and kind of reminded me of something out of a Dario Argento film. I would give this movie 3 stars. ***
One of the best comedies of the late 90s. It is a satirical look at the gangsters of Poland and some teens who get into a mess with them. The humour is black, sometimes vulgar, and always hilarious. There are some "inside jokes" here that are not so simple to understand outside of Poland, however most of the humour is universal. Most of the actors belong to the new generation of Polish actors, and all of them are very talented.
Sonatine is a great illustration of the contrast between American and Japanese films. Though the onscreen violence is graphic and sudden, it is rare and always purposed. The film is often quiet and still, with very subtle humor. Beat Takeshi has created an anti-action flick, free of a huge soundtrack and consistent one-liners, whose grace is muddled only by awkwardly translated subtitling. Sonatine is the not the movie the re-release advertising makes it out to be. Not what you'd expect.
An interesting saga of trials and tribulations, passions and ambitions set in Hawaii around the time of the infamous attack on Pear Harbor on Dec 7, 1941. An all star cast provides the drama of relationships growing and waning in between some decent scenes of Japanese planes dropping bombs on the ships in the harbor. Notable cast members: Angie Dickinson, Robert Wagner, Brian Dennehy, Gregg Henry, Dennis Weaver, Tiana Alexandra, Richard Anderson and Lesley Ann Warren. Well worth your time.
For a movie titled so provocatively it sure had very little sex or nudity in it. The plot is your typical 90's lame pop culture brain rot. The writer/director is an ignorant and dishonest sell-out. I gave this nugget of nastiness a 1. I suppose one can mention a single good thing about this waste of time: Mariel Hemingway did it during a spell in which she was minus her usual breast implants. Her lack of talent was routine however.
I searched the several dictionaries I have available to me at my office and came up with at least 40 adjectives that would have "added and reinforced" my one line statement above. But I felt adding, "and that's a gross understatement" would give you a clear and brief picture of my thoughts on this 1980 TV disaster...! I apologize if I have offended any of you who felt the TV rendition was even worse then what I indicated above...!
This is a very hard-to-find 'old house film'....but SEE IT if you get a chance! The plot synopsis was given earlier, but i'd like to give my personal comments on it. At first, the "Andrews Sisters clones" get on your nerves, but you grow to like 'em after a bit! Anne Gwynn is lovely, as always.... It's kind of a mish-mosh of musical, mystery, drama, but it WORKS! See it if u can! MOST enjoyable!
Kasten is a first timer. It shows. He has no handle on how to pace a story nor how to create sympathy with characters. Things happen in this film for no reason other than to further the plot. Characters themselves never rise above the one dimensional and the acting is wooden. A brief 30 seconds of Alice Cooper is the only redeeming feature. Having seen an advance screening at a film festival the words 'Straight to video' spring to mind.
I thought this movie was very funny. The 2003 black/white culture conflict comedy mini-genre (BRINGIN' DOWN THE HOUSE, HEAD OF STATE, etc.) gets a big lift with MALIBU'S. Taye Diggs is hilarious as a Julliard-trained commercial actor hired to play a thuggish gangsta kidnapper. Jamie Kennedy and the rest of the cast are solid as well. I especially liked the little bald campaign advisor in Ryan O'Neal's camp. I've seen him in a bunch of stuff and he's always great.
As a Prince Valiant collector and as editor of the Prince Valiant--an American Epic series, I naturally have mixed feelings about this movie. Parts of it are really bad, I know. Hal Foster sent many pages of corrections after he read the script. Naturally, they were ignored. On the other hand, James Mason makes a great villain, and if you kind of squint your eyes during the middle part, the rest of the movie is quite enjoyable. Rick Norwood www.io.com/~norwoodr
Genius and all-round hero Buscemi shows his legions of fans his true brilliance with this, his own feature in every sense, in which he shines as the central Tommy, drinker and all-round slacker whose trials and tribulations are played out with such gentleness and subtlety you just can't help loving him. Lots of great quirky characters and fun goings on, a nice mellow mood and a solid cast make Buscemi's film a really pleasant experience guaranteed to lift the spirits.
I understand that some viewers expected this movie would be a comedy. I didn't expect anything and I liked it very much. Acting isn't great, the script is ok, but certainly not great, but I really liked the characters. But what I liked most about the movie is the soundtrack, the actors are all great singers! Despite the not so good end scene, this movie leaves you with a feeling of great joy when you leave the theater. 7/10
This movie just gave me a good feeling. The chemestry between Hawn, Grodin, and Chase was great. Chevy Chase like always has some very funny slapstick moments. The movie kind of got unfairly thrown into the Chevy Chase's pile of flops(Under The Rainbow, Modern Problems, Deal Of The Century, ect.), this is som much better than all of those, I even thought it was better than Foul Play. If you like Chevy Chase or Goldie Hawn, watch this movie.
I will be frank: if Susan Sarandon had not been in this movie, I would not have watched. I will happily watch almost anything she appears in. James Spader's acting ability is marginal at best, but here, he does a very effective and surprisingly understated job and he and Sarandon do make sparks (although Sarandon could make sparks all alone in a full-force hurricane!) as a couple in this. Very good romantic drama, despite the occasional mis-step. Recommended.
G2 has a pretty good idea (albeit though original one) with Daniel Bernhardt as a Macedonian warrior who is reincarnated 200 years later to do battle with a sinister Mongolian clan led by James Hong. The action sequences are fair at best and I found myself trying to decide if this movie was a "self-contained' film or the pilot for a possible series. Overall, it wasn't really that bad and who knows now that HIGHLANDER is off the air here......
Wow! Here it is. Very likely the worst movie I have ever seen. I had read about this film long ago but never seen it. What was going on (if anything) in the minds of the people involved? This must be the movie which inspired "Showgirls". I thought that was the worst until I watched this. No wonder so many actors' careers seemed to end with this one. I finally understand he meaning of "bad taste". Phew - quel stinko!
Ashley Jones is an exact lookalike for Jennifer Love Hewitt. when i was watching the movie i kept thinking Mmmm...Jennifer. low down on the film - it is about some people who get stranded in a small town. and end up running into some kind of cult/satanists who try and kill them. then they try to escape the cult and get the **** out of dodge. rating for Ashley Jones 12/10. rating for the movie 7/10.
I just watched the video of BLACK MAGIC again tonight and was once again impressed with it. Orson Welles turns in one of his finest performances. I was also impressed by the quality of the production considering it wasn't a Hollywood studio production (although it was released by United Artists). Elaborate costumes and sets and tons of extras. Interesting plot and photography. It has a nice film noir look to it. But the best part of BLACK MAGIC is Welles.
I saw this when i was 10 and i liked the movie.now as a adult i get the more adult humour.the cast list is as big as any all star cast.and most were at the height of there careers.the Stunts are first rate.if this was made now it would be fake cgi,instead of death defying stunt work. shame.by the end of the film it seems everyone had a party making this and that sense of fun translates to the screen.
I watched this movie with my 17 year old daughter last night and we both loved it. It was full of beautiful messages that we as a human race have so sadly forgotten If once in a while we all took a moment and thought of life like the young man in this movie, this would be a wondrous world. It breaks my heart that a movie with so much to offer was basically ignored by the public and press.
This film is still haunting me, even long after watching it for the first time. It depicts a rare insight into the exclusivity of sibling relationships and utilises a neutral tone that ironically intensifies every second of the story. Although the movie skims slightly upon cliches, that only helps to familiarise the audience with the plot so that they don't feel too alienated by the mystery of the twins. This most certainly is a treasured oddity in the video store.
Drop Squad is ostensibly about a black man being brought back in touch with his roots through de-programming. However it's the audience who feels it has been kidnapped and forced to endure torture. There is yelling, screaming, and endless diatribes and it all feels aimed at the audience. I saw this movie at the theatre and everyone (about 25 people) walked out within the first half hour. Unfortunately for me I stayed the entire time. The film only got worse.
I saw this movie about two years ago while I was up studying at around 4:00 A.M. Lee Marvin plays an outlaw that takes three runaway teens under his wing. He teaches them the tricks of the trade in bank robbing. The movie takes on a surprising twist towards the end. A very nice movie that almost NEVER comes on TV. If anyone knows how I could get the VHS version, please email me. Thanks. I give it a 10.
This movie is not the worst of horror movies that I have seen, however it is far from the best also. This movie has some pretty decent special effects, and doesn't have a bad story line. Who better to play a drug pusher in the 70's than Snoop Dogg. Snoop is not the best actor in the world but does show a better job in this movie than previous movies. 7 out of 10 stars. Not great, but not bad.
Definitely it is a VERY GOOD movie because it makes you think a lot. I haven't figure out all, yet, but the scene of Seymour, his therapist & his mother tells you more about how similar Seymour and Enid are... she moves to live with Rebbeca and when his life crashes she will go to live with her father...there are many questions yet...and that scene is realy GREAT, it helps you to understand a little bit more about the story...
A nonfiction account of a group of imprisoned Jews who staged an armed uprising inside the Auchwitz camp during the Holocaust. In the vein of "The Diary of Anne Frank, the film focuses on the emotions of the incarcerated Jews, and the senseless prejudice and brutality which claimed their lives. Strong performances all-around, with Harvey Keitel standing out with an exceptional, Oscar-worthy performance as a hard-nosed Nazi officer. Harsh, harrowing, poignant, and realistic. A must-see. ***1/2 out of ****
Play it again Sam (1972) Dir: Herbert Ross With Diane Keaton's second feature, she begins her frequent onscreen collaboration with her occasional offscreen lover, Woody Allen. Diane introduces her classic neurotic New York City persona in this movie, playing a married friend of Woody's. As she tries to help him get over his divorce, Woody is counseled on how to be cool by the ghost of Humphrey Bogart. A classic Woody/Diane pairing and another hit for Diane. Screenplay by Woody.
One of the top 100 films of all time. This film tells the story of an American writer's journey to a post-war Vienna in search of a friend he thought he knew. Ultimately he learns his beloved friend is very different from the one he had once known and loved. He is destroyed by this discovery and the choice he must make. The acting is superlative, the cinematography, haunting & the story tells a truth for all time. See it.
A highly stylized spin on the Biblical story of Lot--and I mean highly stylized, with a generous amount of avant garde tossed in. Lots of beautiful guys, but very sparse on gals. Supple and ethereal editing, yet put the entire thing together, and it doesn't make much sense at all. "Lot in Sodom" makes an Andy Warhol flick seem like a Doris Day feature. Unless you're wired radically different than most of us, I'd give this one a wide pass.
A fun to watch western containing Fess Parker's best performance, the show is stolen by Jeff Chandler's performance as the baddie you hate to see taken down. However, as outstanding as Chandler is, the real star of the film is Jerome Moross' pulse-pounding score, which predates his legendary music for THE BIG COUNTRY. It's every bit as good, if not better. Henry Silva is (of course) scuzzy as a hired gun. Catch it. Any western fan won't regret it.
Yes!! In the age of so many films that slap you in the face with so many f/x, it was refreshing to watch a movie with real people and real actors. The new TARZAN and the LOST CITY brought the character to a new level for a whole new generation. Casper Van Dien was an excellent Tarzan and most important, Mr. Van Dien's performance was on target. I enjoyed the film and I am sure that you will too!
Being a Bills fan, I originally found it annoying that they made a movie about the Bills and the losing of four superbowls. But once I began to watch, I felt really connected. It was actually nice to see the "Bills" win the superbowl, and I must say, that for a TV movie it was actually very well done. Gil Bellows as the QB, and Jon Voight as the old-school Coach did a very fine job. 8 out of 10
I used to watch this when "USA Up All Night" was still on the air (Gilbert Gottfried and those timeless B-movies). You can actually order this movie directly from the company (Pirromount Pictures) for about $19.99. Is it perfect? No, but it's the most fun you'll have watching something put together on a less-than-shoestring budget. There are some really funny scenes in here, and some classic lines. In my opinion, it's better than anything Troma ever released. 8/10.
The picture of the evil eye on the box is not in the movie. The monster in the box is a worm puppet. Movie starts with slow motion close-up shootings, fills in with foul language, then throws in a couple sex scenes (including the puppet) and then shot the rest of the cast. If you can get this movie on buy one get one free night - DON'T. Go home and sort your sock drawer, it will be more interesting.
For a subject which has been discussed and filmed many times, this movie is well constructed and kept interesting by the two lead players. The dialogue is realistic and the question of whether two people can survive living together is thoroughly explored. The ending is pure Hollywood, at least three versions available I'm sure, and by opting for a happy ending it leaves the audience believing it's seen an entertainment, more palatable for those anxious to avoid confronting issues.
This movie is the weakest of the 3 Aladdin movies. This movie is nothing but a pilot for the cartoon that debuted shortly after the release of this video. The fact that it is just a pilot for the TV show is further demonstrated by the fact that it is just over an hour long and that it features one of the show recurring villains(Abis Mal). Aladdin and the King of Thieves is a much better sequel than this one.
I saw this film once when it can out in 1971 and it has been in the back of my mind all these years. A super comedy that is all the more funny because it deals with real people like you and I. No fancy settings or beautiful people, two "misfits" careen through life tied together by the bonds of love, surviving all that the world can dish out. A real jewel of a film, wish it were on VHS.
I'm not writing any more plaudits for this movie, for most everything has been said about it before. Even a quarter century later, I weep everytime I watch Mr. Hurt and Mr. Hopkins in their roles. The great humanity of David Lynch and the producers has left us with an equally frightening and endearing vision of Mr. Merick. Sadly, there will always be elephant men, as long as ignorance and the impulse for destruction rule men and their domain.
Thanks to a well-told story, believable characters, and a highly unusual look, I can certainly recommend this solid Canadian short. If you're looking for Disney-like animation, you will be sorely disappointed, but the crude paintings fit the film well, and the story moved along at a fast enough pace to keep me interested. This isn't one of the National Film Board's best features, but it was still enjoyable, and it is worth a look if you ever come across it.
My aunt made a really funny comment when we watched this movie. See the title of my comment. There are guns everywhere in "Fulltime Killer." There are good references to "Leon" and "El Mariachi" among other films, but Fulltime Killer doesn't reach the levels of cinematic excellence displayed in those movies. There are a few nice touches, and the romance here doesn't feel forced, but overall it's just an above average action flick. 7 out of 10
This movie is one of those many movies that sounds much better than it actually is. The "death-ray by television broadcast" plot device was actually quite minor in this otherwise sub-par 'whodunit' quickie from poverty row. Overall a really poor example as I have seen much better from poverty row. Bela Lugosi's role really isn't very interesting and he is much better when playing more bizarre characters (Murder Legendre - White Zombie, Dracula, Dr. Carruthers - The Devil Bat).
Solanas made a wonderful piece of art, not just a movie, but a theater play and a tango as well. The anguish of exile, trying to show all the melancholy charged with irony and good humor. As a Discépolo's tango. Marvelous, oneiric. A way to learn more about this kind of music that is famous around the world as "the dance of passion", but showed in its pure essence, with three of its' men, Gardel, Discépolo and Piazzolla.
The Wedding Singer is the first Adam Sandler flick that guys can take their girlfriends to see. It is a nice (and funny) comedy about a guy (wedding singer Sandler) who has been dumped by his fiancee and is soon falls in love with (waitress) Drew Barrymore who is also engaged, but isn't in love either. It is a nice comedy that almost comes close to a romantic comedy. Steve Buscemi, Jon Lovitz, and best of all, Billy Idol. A+
"Shanghai Triad" tells the story of a young country boy who takes a job as a servant to a mob boss in Shanghai and becomes a passive observer to the skulduggery behind Shanghai's opium wars. In spite of the subject matter, action takes a back seat to art as the film languishes in the beauty of each scene while telling a thin and only mildly interesting story. Expect lots of beautiful cinematography and little else and you won't be disappointed.
I really enjoyed this movie. The film starts off a bit slow, but it is so true to real life and real people. I like Jean Reno and Juliette Binoche very much, although they both looked very different physically from their usual selves. I didn't even know it was Juliette till the credits came up. It was nice to see Jean in a non-action film. I highly recommend this movie to any romantics out there!
Wow! This film is the kind of movie that brings tears to your eyes and warmth to your heart. Everyone connected to "A Day" should be proud of their efforts. The emotions you feel for this childless couple are powerful reminders that love and life and family are among the best subjects for dramatic cinema. (This review is in regard to the dvd with English subtitles.) Some wonderful films are coming out of Korea, and this is one of them.
I liked this film, and I think other user comments are unduly harsh. The script is more innovative than most crime thrillers. The script design -- of having interlocking baby monitors in next-door apartments -- and working that into the danger of the young children, is unique. The acting is very good. True, the last five minutes are Hollywood Stale, and some of the things in the plot are unbelievable, but the film holds my interest.
I liked this film, and I think other user comments are unduly harsh. The script is more innovative than most crime thrillers. The script design -- of having interlocking baby monitors in next-door apartments -- and working that into the danger of the young children, is unique. The acting is very good. True, the last five minutes are Hollywood Stale, and some of the things in the plot are unbelievable, but the film holds my interest.
This movie must have been made off a bet that Van Damme couldn't have a successful movie without having helicopter kicks in it. And what does he do? He does no kicking at all!!! All he uses his legs for is kneeing some heads. This movie might have a story, but if I wanted that I wouldn't be watching a Van Damme movie. I love his movies and kicks. That's why I don't like this one. 1 out of 10.
It's a shame that A&E's pitifully-edited version of Framed is the only one most American audiences have seen; for it showcases one of Timothy Dalton's most striking performances. As Eddie Myers, Dalton is charming, frightening, slimy, and charismatic. Down to the last scene, you're never sure what he will do. Hopefully, the full PAL version translated to NTSC will eventually be available in the US. In the meantime, watch the A&E version (they replay it occasionally). It's better than nothing.
I've seen this movie many times and I love it more and more. I guess I'm just a sucker for long lost loves and for Richard Chamberlain. This was a well cast movie with beautiful scenery and it gave you more than the love story to think about. I think this movie reaches many people at different levels & leaves you realizing that everything in life isn't just black & white. I would like to have more movies like this.
Night of the Scarecrow deserves more recognition then it gets.It's got a good storyline and plot to it.Theres no characters that are that famous,but if you watch soap opears you'll recognize Cristi Harris who plays "Stephanie".She's from NBCs Sunset Beach.The killer Scarecrow is corny ,like the snowman in Jack Frost,but it's still a great movie.It also has great death scenes;so if you like horror movies rent Night of the Scarecrow,you won't be disappointed.I give it **** out of ***** stars.
One of Buñuel's greatest films. Scene after scene arguments are used as beautiful excuses to subvert reality and attack established and hypocritical institutions with acute humor and surrealist means. If you have a taste for surrealism and absurd humor (i.e. Monty Python, Marx Bros., etc.) this movie cannot be recommended enough. One small correction: the sniper is not sentenced to death but to capital punishment which results in something altogether different from death (and far more sarcastic).
Emmanuelle (1974) is one of the best soft core films ever made. Sylvia Kristel is perfect for the role Emmanuelle and the supporting cast is also good for a porn film. The sex sceanes are very erotic although 2 graphic rape sceanes might bother some. If you like soft core porn film, you definatly need to see this film. If you like hard core porn films, you should also see this film, it might change your mind about soft core.
I didn't have to watch very much of this film to see that 70's erotica is just as bad as modern erotica. In fact, this is probably a little worse. Quite simply, this is a dull movie, and no matter how many sex scenes took place, I remained terribly bored throughout. But as dull as the sex was, the dialogue was even worse. I had low expectations for this film, and yet, it was somehow worse than I had expected.
When I first saw "Absolute Giganten" it instantly became my favourite. I just love this movie. It is wonderfully sad but at the same time it seems to keep a certain happiness that just moves you and makes you feel glad to be alive. Sebastian Schipper has made a beautiful but also very real film with wonderful actors and great music by The Notwist. Directors of the world do me a favour and give me more films like this one!
I expected this film to be nothing more than your very average 80s horror flick but it was much more.Admittedly the acting was well below par but the shocks certainly weren't.Any film encorporating clowns in my opinion can't help but be sinister there was no exception here the clown was terrificly scary,and the little girl dressed in white just added to it.The film also boasted some rather gruesome deaths especially the guillotine!This movie certainly surpassed its expectations.Deserves to be seen.
Ok. This movie is so bad, that much is obvious. But what struck me most about it is that it has to be the worst script ever written. Every other line is hilariously cringe-worthy. Just Rose McGowan by herself probably says about the hundred worst lines ever said in the history of cinema. This movie is so bad that it is funny at times, but on the other hand, its really just painfully AWFUL and utterly sad. A 1/10.
I've seen some less than flattering reviews of this film. I have to say that anyone with an understanding and/or experience of politics in Australia will appreciate the intelligent humour and satire. I've also seen other comments that say there is nothing funny about this film. That's complete garbage. The Ken Oats political advertisement is the wittiest and sharpest piece of satire that has appeared in an Australian film in a long time. I give this five out of five.
I knew I had seen it on tv many years ago, guess it's not shown anymore, possibly because of racial overtones. Lana and Sandra Dee were great, but not the actress Claudette Colbert was. Wonderful drama, but Claudette is my favorite. Her partner and Steve, as well as the costumes are memorable. It's a period piece - life in the USA the way it really was. I award the original a 9, the remake, although updated and excellent, a 7.
I keep giving Fangoria movies a chance and keep being let down. This is it. I decided to give this one a chance because it is by the same maker as Angel of the Night which I thought was pretty good. No more, if Fangoria has their name on it I will steer clear. This movie SUCKED!!!! They may have a great magazine but they should think twice before putting their name on crap like this. AVOID at all costs!!!!
The plot: A family moves into a house close to a cematary. Something weird is going on in the basement. Could there be a maniac dwelling there? Comment: A horrible movie. Completely devoid of any suspense. Nothing further has to be added. Acting: Horrible, everybody is horrible. The voice dubbing on the young boy is intolerable. Gore: Plenty. Disgusting splatter-filled gore, looks gruesome, not stylish at all. Verdict: 0 out of 4. The pits.
The male characters were amoral and one dimensional, whose primary interest were sex, money, and violence. The women were just as bad, but with a pinch of "neediness". If this were the only film that a non-black viewed about African-Americans, they would have an entirely wrong impression of black people in America. There was not one level headed, clear thinking person in this whole movie. The mother came close, but was still a few bullets short of a full clip.
Because I really have to throw up. Back in the seventies, there was a genre called Blaxploitation. Most of the films were utter trash. This is one of the trashiest! This film is pure garbage. Have you ever seen a play in a black-oriented neighborhood? You know, that over-acting kind of acting, similar to what's found on Good Times (TV show), full of stereotypical pimps, hustlers, theives, welfare recipients and too tight jeans. Just plain horrible. A waste of film.
Another in a long line of Jack the Ripper returns movies. Every cornball cliche in the book was in this dull, routine, totally predictable yawner. A big city cop moves to Arizona as a way to avoid stress after a bad incident in Chicago. However, he runs into even more pressure when he gets on the trail of a serial murderer who slays in exactly the same fashion as the notorious 19th century London killer. Gad, what a stupid film.
A Fine Mess is a perfect description of this movie..Ted Danson and Howie Mandel star in this disaster about a couple of goofs who overhear a plan to dope a horse and then get involved and chased. The movie is dull, boring and completely unfunny..I think this was made too early in the careers of Danson and Mandel...made five years later with a better script it would've been much much better.. On a scale of one to ten..0
Probably the worst film i have ever seen. On the other hand, it was quite funny because of it. I thought it was amazing that they could make all those bricks look so much like polystyrene. It's a shame because i really enjoyed the first Mortal Kombat film. Line that sums up the film, plot-wise at least. - Sub-Zero? But i killed you in first tournament - No, that was my brother, Sub-Zero. I am Sub-Zero! (Something like that anyway)
The very best scene in this movie takes place about a half hour before the end. It's the final dance pageant. It's worth it to rent this movie and fast forward to this finale as it is truly electric. It belongs in a *much* better movie. You see, I slept through all but that final scene. And I missed absolutely nothing. I payed attention enough to want to strangle nearly every character in the scenes when they aren't dancing.
This dull and utterly unscary horror film is cruddy in every department and I simply can't believe that some genre fans actually liked it. The fact that it was followed by a sequel (!) also seems inexplicable to me. There are absolutely no scares here - and no gore, either; our views of the "monsters" are always too brief - but not brief enough to hide how cheap the effects are. "C.H.U.D" is rock-bottom stuff, and no fun at all.
I enjoyed the stephen king tale, i thought it did a good job from adapting from the book and it was creative, but the second story, was the most god awful thing ive ever seen on film, it was just horrible, i was in pain watching this, do your self a favor turn this movie off right after the first story, the second one is so bad. 3/10 for a good first story the only thing that gave it points
Technically a very viewable film "Under a Spell" is the case of what a terrible screenplay can do to an excellent story, notable actors and lovely setting. As an adaptation it reminded me of those online translation services that literally show you the meaning of every word you give them...although the translation doesn't make much sense. I would suggest Carlos Carrera to stick to direction and leave script writing to professionals. The longest 130 minutes of my life.
Yes, the movie is predictable. You can read the plot like a book and expect what's coming up next. A recalcitrant trapped in the school (taken over by a bunch of supposedly professional missionaries led by Patrick Stewart's character) turned out to be the hero that saves the day. Hurray! Oh well, the movie probably appeal those who are really young and fantasies about being a hero. Unless you have nothing else to watch, go ahead and see this movie.
The story is dull and lackluster but the biggest disappointment is in Kim Basinger's performance. She sleepwalks through the part. Her job is to be convincing, instead she seems like she is acting. Vincent Perez fairs better. However, his energy is wasted in his scenes with Basinger. She just seems like she would rather be anywhere than in this movie. Towards the end she does come through a little better but, by then it's too late to save the film.
I'm not a huge movie buff so I wasn't sure who the lead actor was in this load of poo poo I watched last night on AMC. I was curious and had to research it today. Mr. Mitchum was stiff as a board throughout the entire flick. Marilyn appeared to be a talentless bimbo. The storyline was pitiful. I'm curious how this movie merits a 6.7 out of 10 according to the imdb community. Please enlighten me. Cousin Scuzzy
The main virtue of this movie is the cinematography and the languorous mood it creates. The plot on the other hand was nonsensical and boring. The Joey character was good for a young man experiencing his first love, but I found the Sissel character convoluted and hard to follow. There were a lot of parts where Sissel's character was overacted and boring at the same time, and this especially made me not like the movie. I don't recommend this movie.
When I heard that this film was a German Black Comedy I was very interested in it, cause I like both German Comedy and Black Comedy. But the combination of them both doesn't work: "Undertaker's Paradise" is surely one of the most boring films I saw this year, not funny and not "black" at all. I liked the Welsh nature you could see in this film, for this I'll give it 3 out of 10, but forget about the rest.
***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Same old endless Gay Independent Film Plot. Gay kid fall in love with straight kid, all sorts of tired drama, gay kid dies tragically, The End. For God's Sake someone make a film with real gay characters that is uplifting or enlightening or how about, just interesting. I guess I can be thankful that the tired Gay Independent Film Plot of the 1980s is dead - Gay kid gets AIDS, all sorts of tired drama, Gay kid dies.
This is one of the MOST derivative films I've ever seen. "L'auteur" Kasdan rips off so many other great westerns (including, of course, the daddy..."Shane") that it's hard to keep count. There was absolutely NO suspense to this film, the acting was mailed in, and the plot...well, enough. Actually, this is a great film if you don't have time to watch a lot of other westerns. Just rent "Silverado" and you'll see them. A "1"...should be a zero.
The only thing I want to say about this movie is this. I never left the theater before a movie had ended. For the first time in my life I had the urge to leave after having only seen a quarter of it. Bad movies normally become very funny. "First knight" even surpassed this criterium. For me, this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen, alongside some low-budget Chinese ninja movies, which were hilariously funny.
Don`t bother with this poor remake, see the 1951 original. Being an English person who went to private school I understand that the original captured the atmosphere and emotions of its time. Certain films are made about a certain place in time which is where they belong. The remake has all the political correctness and weakness of a soap. Also, don`t the directors know that Latin was removed from school curriculum twenty years before the remake was set.
I must confess to liking giant monster movies, but this film is really just plain awful! Bad special effects, even worse acting, silly premise. By the way that big snake would be considered a monster! Anyway painful as it was I made it through to the end. I chuckled a few times while watching this mess, just not believing what I'm seeing or hearing. 1 out of 10, for bad movies beware 5 out of 10. Suffer with me.
I expected this movie to be somewhat in the same league as Bram Stoker's Dracula, but I was sorely disappointed. This movie was a complete bore, even in the climax. I expected there to be much mummy action in this movie, but there was hardly any. The movie basically revolves around mummy curses rather than an actual mummy. The acting in this movie is above standard for the most part, but it just can't help this sleeper of a movie.
Albert Brooks should have let life imitate art and hired himself a muse before deciding to torture us with this crap. A great cast (including the usually much, much funnier Mr. Brooks)and a solid concept are wasted here. All of those directors (Reiner, Scorsese, Cameron) must have owed Brooks huge favors ... there is no other way that they would have agreed to cameos here. The reviewer who called on us to take a vomit bag was very right indeed.
I saw this film about 20 years ago and remember it as being particularly nasty. I believe it is based on a true incident: a young man breaks into a nurses' home and rapes, tortures and kills various women. It is in black and white but saves the colour for one shocking shot. At the end the film seems to be trying to make some political statement but it just comes across as confused and obscene. Avoid.
Since I'm a big fan of Vincent Cassel and horror movies I was looking forward to seeing "Le pacte des loups". Unfortunately the movie was a complete letdown. Started out interesting but then the story got more and more ridiculous. It seemed as if the makers didn't know what they wanted: action? horror? romance? drama? All and nothing. The martial arts were the coolest thing but didn't quite fit in. In the end I was glad when it was over.
This potted history of the infamous Australian outlaw benefits tremendously from Gerry Fisher's frequently ravishing photography but is ultimately doomed by its paint by numbers screenplay and the star turn by Mick Jagger (who reportedly dismissed the film as a "load of s**t"). Frankly, a bearded Jagger speaking in a weak brogue reminded me more of Warwick Davis in the Leprechaun series than it did of a legendary Robin Hood style badman. Shel Silverstein's faux-folk songs haven't aged well either.
The characters in Laurel Canyon exist as stereotypes of rich, spoiled Californians the kind of people we love to hate but we're supposed here to like. The plot develops so predictably that it couldn't hold my attention. Why would Sam consent to stay with a mother he has only bad feelings about (and he's a psychiatric resident, heaven help those suffering from mental illness)? Frances McDormand is the only reason to watch this film and even she wasn't nearly enough.
It was a good show idea and very funny. But I didn't feel that suspense feeling I was hoping to get. The commercials are too long and ill placed. It takes away from the show if you can mop the kitchen floor during breaks. But the show is a good idea and has humor which is something series like Law and Order don't have as much as. So for its lack or suspense it makes up for in humor and uniqueness.
Shooting Fish was something I got out on a risk, you know.....no other film in video store, take a chance. It proved to be a wise decision as the film was very funny, two great opposites for the main male characters and the stunning kate beckinsale acted the part wonderfully. The film has no slow points, but does not rush things, the accompanying music is very good and acting first class. I would recommend this film to anyone
William Wyler directs this first rate costume drama and Ms. Bette Davis picks up her second Academy Award playing an Antebellum Dixie vixen that goes a little too far to make her fiance(Henry Fonda)jealous. Fonda returns to New Orleans from New York with a lovely wife(Margret Lindsay)only to put Davis in a jealous rage and desperate for revenge. A superb cast that also features Donald Crisp, George Brent and Fay Bainter. Ms. Davis is vibrant in one of her best roles.
Probably the best film adaptation of a Steinbach novel that Hollywood ever managed. East of Eden doesn't make it since Kazan used less than a third of a towering novel. Of Mice and Men is a profoundly moving story of people caring for each other during a very difficult time in American history. Lon Chaney, Jr. does the best work of his career in a deceptively demanding role. The one sour note is the bewilderingly hammy performance by Betty Field.
Depending on your point of view, this film is either a biting, insightful, timeless illumination of human dignity and indignity or a woeful commentary on how painfully slowly we evolve. The main story, humorous and poignant by turns, is punctuated by subplot bits that come right out of this week's news. Not bad for a film shot a quarter of a century ago. Fernando Rey is simply wonderful, and Conchita are fabulous! Bunuel, as always, is once again a delight.
Mildly amusing and predictable story. Four ghetto friends get into trouble when one kills a store owner. The shooter goes nuts and begins to cap the other 3, one at a time. If there is nothing else on cable or free tv then it's worth a look. (I wouldn't pay to rent it). It is interesting to see Samuel L. Jackson in an early role but other than that, there's not much there. I gave it a 2/10.
This is really an excellent movie. I was very surprised to read the great reviews it got in the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Sun-Times, Dallas Morning News, New York Daily News, Time Out, LA Weekly, Movie Maker, etc. Incredible reviews appeared on most newspapers in Spain as well. I highly reccomend to see this fun picture becauser the story is unique, the acting superb, and the light-hearted way of telling this story is unforgettable. Don't miss this classic
Definitely a great lighthearted, family film. Makes you feel warm and cozy. Perfect film for the holidays. It is right up there with all the classics, IMO! I won't describe the plot since others did such a good job. I will say that Mimi does a wonderful job playing the pushover who hasn't come into her own yet. I think Mimi made the movie, I honestly can't think of anyone else in this role. A must see!
A man's wife mysteriously disappears at a gas station in France, and the man obsessively searches for her for years, led on by the psychopath who took her in a cat and mouse game. Nicely photographed in color but with actors going a bit overboard while obviously trying to be "realistic". Some very good scenes, but the ending fails to pay off on all the suspense that has been gradually built up, and is more sad instead of terrible.
This movie showed the life of one mans adversity in a sport that he loved but not always loved him back. I had the great pleasure of meeting Wendell Scott at a car show in the 80's. He was a very kind hearted man that loved to meet and greet people. I have this movie on tape so that I can show my son when he grows up. It is a great story that every man of any race should see.
Robert Duvall's portrayal of E.F., Sonny, or whatever you would like to call him is simply amazing. Duvall has created an imperfect hero, a hero much easier to relate to because he has shortcomings and flaws. If you're looking for Billy Graham, you won't find him in this movie, but what you will find is a flawed hero with whom we other flawed human beings can relate to. If you don't watch another movie this year, at least watch _The Apostle_.
A very interesting plot.Is the hero of the plot in it for the money or is he really an ok person?I saw this film in my late teens and have overall seen it about five times enjoy it on every viewing.Like most films because it has some complexities and twists and turns keeping you guessing all the way the first viewing really stuck in my mind.Well worth a watch,unpredictable in my opinion.Again why is this film not available especially on DVD?
If you don't try to read too much meaning into some of the scenes in this film, you might find that it contains more truth about a 21st century society than anyone cares to admit. I saw this movie on it's original release and thought that it was just an exciting and hilarious ground breaking film ( I believe it had an X rating for a while ), and after seeing it again on DVD - I think it's a masterpiece.
"Carnival in Flanders" This a clever, charming film that depicts the womenfolk of a Flemish village winning over Spanish invaders. The mayor's wife rallies the women to use all their power and resources to seduce the Spaniards--and it works! There are some very funny moments involving the vigil for the "deceased" mayor (especially when the court midget blackmails him). Most films about the 17th Century are pretty stodgy, but "Carnival" is delight. I recommend this film.
In a not so well-known piece of the maker of the singing detective, the group of children that is portrayed slowly yet steadily degress from just a bunch of playful kids into a sadistic bloodthirsty mob. Instead of the supposed innocence of children that Hollywood constantly tries to force on cinema audiences, this pic truly portrays children's fantasy worlds in all its crudeness. The fact that all children's roles are played by adult actors (albeit strange at first) works tremendously well.
This is my favorite movie. It may be long, but it's not drawn out. It doesn't have the regular ol' western theme.. you know, and older man, a widowed woman, a crazy horse... no no no, this movie is real. I watch it from time to time and enjoy it even more each time. Alexis Cruz does a fantastic job as Joey Garza. Samuel Shephard is also fabulous in his role, and fits the part perfectly. 9.5 out of 10 stars.
This is my favorite movie. It may be long, but it's not drawn out. It doesn't have the regular ol' western theme.. you know, and older man, a widowed woman, a crazy horse... no no no, this movie is real. I watch it from time to time and enjoy it even more each time. Alexis Cruz does a fantastic job as Joey Garza. Samuel Shephard is also fabulous in his role, and fits the part perfectly. 9.5 out of 10 stars.
True, the ending was lacking in continuity, and left one with a sense of disappointment, but my husband and I rather enjoyed this movie.Contrary to other comments below, Jessica Lange and Johnathon Schaech did fine jobs! Lange was very convincing as the mother-in-law from hell. There were times when it seemed like scenes had been cut because things didn't make sense, but it wasn't too hard to ignore that and fill in the blanks ourselves. Nothing great, but amusing to watch.
Much better-than-average, very different suspense film. The few plot holes and the occasional trite dialogue don't detract from the overall work. It's such a great improvement on the usual hackneyed crap put out by Hollywood that it's hard not to like it a lot. The acting, largely by no one you ever heard of, is so much better than anything you EVER see in big-money films... it makes you realize what junk we usually have to pay seven bucks to see.
If your work was about to be shut down, what would you do? How far would you go to prevent it from happening? Would you blow up something? Or maybe hold a hostage? Not in my entire life, not even in "Dumb, dumber", did I laugh this much. From the very beginning to the very end. All I can say is that this was a brilliant movie, and I strongly advice people with a good sense of humor: see this movie.
Mifune was an entertaining movie. I thought the acting was well done especially Jesper Asholt as Rud. Some aspects of the story were confusing to me like the lottery tickets. Did they win or what? Plus I'm not sure of the ending. I might have read more into it then was expected but maybe that was the goal. Unless you are familiar with Seven Samurai the significance of the pot and gloves is lost. Overall a good movie worth a watch.
This was one of the best movies I've ever seen: It's horror, a bit of gruesome scenes mixed with the magic of the reality only Clive Barker can describe in his works. While watching this movie, pay attention to all the scenes that relate to things previously said, watch the circle close itself. And enjoy Clive Barker telling you that there is more in the world - more to see, more to feel and more than simply to "be".
I have heard so many people complain about the ending of this film. Now that I have seen it I am dismayed by what their comments reveal about the general lack of depth in society. Anyone who doesn't get it has either never been in a loving long term relationship or is just another person waiting for something on-screen to explode. Obviously, it is meant for a viewing audience over the age of consent. Definitely thought provoking and defintely worth watching.
I thought this movie came across very well considering that it could've easily landed in the cheese bowl. I could've lived without the 'female' robot; that was a bit silly. But the story was engrossing and the overall feeling of the movie was warm. At times it felt a bit hurried, but I suppose 200 years worth of a robot's life in 2 hours and 10 minutes warrants that. 8 out of 10 vote on this one. Well worth the rental.
After years of only finding good dramas on HBO and Showtime, I'm finally watching network TV and enjoying it thanks to this show. The show is both well written and acted. Sheryl Lee is a pleasant surprise - I think I've only seen her before as Laura Palmer on Twin Peaks and had no idea she was so talented. Brian Benben's morally conflicted plastic surgeon is equally intriguing. This is one miniseries that definitely needs to return for a full season!
Character actor Eli Wallach is the real treat here as he carries his Tuco role from "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" over to "Ace High." This is a pre-Trinity pairing of Spencer, Hill and most of the fun and hilarity is carried on the able shoulders of Eli Wallach, who is more than up for the assignment. Wallach steals every scene he's in and this only means total enjoyment for the viewer. A must see for all western fans!
Other comments have already said it all. This film is superb and extremely forward-thinking... today, eight years later, all of the technology, themes, and allusions still make sense. This is Lawrence Lasker's last and greatest film as writer. For those of you who don't know, he wrote WarGames and Project X, two other great techno-thrillers. But neither of those Cold War films are relevant today, while SNEAKERS still is. Watch this movie again in the new millennium. You'll be amazed.
What a great acoustic performance! I thought the audio quality was excellent and the setlist was well chosen. The personal nature of all of these songs force you to hang on every lyric. Almost every song on this is from CSNY's Looking Forward or Silver and Gold. If you want to see classic Neil tunes , watch Unplugged or Live in Berlin. If you want to see a rock and roll veteran wonderfully perform new stuff, this is a must see.
What a great acoustic performance! I thought the audio quality was excellent and the setlist was well chosen. The personal nature of all of these songs force you to hang on every lyric. Almost every song on this is from CSNY's Looking Forward or Silver and Gold. If you want to see classic Neil tunes , watch Unplugged or Live in Berlin. If you want to see a rock and roll veteran wonderfully perform new stuff, this is a must see.
This was an absolutely horrible movie. It made no sense, and I'm sure none of the people involved in making this film cared if it did. The acting was laughably bad, and so was the story. The monster did not look scary, and the "twist" near the end made NO sense. It's almost as if someone put a bunch of ideas in the hat for what the twist should be, and it was drawn randomly. Avoid this movie at all costs.
This cartoon adaptation of Dicken's "A Christmas Carol" is relatively unknown, compared to creators Bass and Rankin, Jr.'s more famous "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer." It came relatively late in the cycle of original prime-time animation for television - before video eliminated the market. But it's no less memorable than its predecessors. A high-powered cast for this type of cartoon - particularly Matthau - helps enormously. The animation is fine, but the songs are really a standout. Neglected, and unjustly so.
My husband and I rented this film thinking it might be a classic farce, as the cover copy suggested. Thirty or so minutes in, we were wondering if we had rented a movie that had never actually been watched by the person writing the promotional material. It was slow and not a comedy, in our opinion, and definitely *not at all* like the description. We were bored and disappointed and ended up returning the film to the rental store.
While Judy Davis and Sam Neill give their usual fine performances, the script is so weak that the entire film crashes. It's supposed to be a chronicle of a wild-eyed Communist who has sex with Stalin and gives birth to an extremist who enjoys being handcuffed. Sight gags (walking into a tree) and silliness (Stalin's successors act up like the three stooges at his death) provide the only comic relief from this dreary tale that seems to go on for hours.
What a funny movie! Carrey's a comedic legend and in Ace he found the ideal showcase for his talent (which, sadly, he beat to death in the lackluster sequel). Ace is on a totally different planet and he couldn't care less for social conventions or politeness. He just likes his animals and bonking Monica from friends (fair enough, says you). I don't understand people who don't get it. COME ON, it's FUNNY! Anyway, your loss because this one kicks butt.
Story of the life of John Merrick (John Hurt), a man suffering from extreme deformities in 19th century England. He is taken by a doctor (Anthony Hopkins) to a hospital, where it is discovered that he is an intelligent human being. Beautifully shot, with two of the best performances of the decade by Hopkins and Hurt, this movie is a true masterpiece, managing to be moving without being sappy, and offering a message about human nature without being too heavy handed.
Since this film doesn't have huge studio promotion or A-list stars, you might be inclined to dismiss it. But this is a very entertaining film, with a surprisingly good look for a small-budget independent production. This football film has lots of solid action and avoids most of the usual cliches. It features solid performances by a mostly unknown cast. Nearly everything works -- the drama is dramatic, the comedy is funny. Do yourself a favor and give this film a chance.
I love this movie. It's original, realistic, unpredictable and charming. I felt like I was watching real people in their real lives. What a treat this film is. Each character is so well developed, has such real and appropriate emotions...I felt I knew them all, and well. They could be my co-workers or neighbors or friends. The acting is wonderful. Bravo to the writers and director. Watching this film is better than eating a hot fudge sundae! Long live the indies.
Okay, so the monsters look like badly fried eggs, and the scientific explanation of their arrival is pretty laughable, but still, you just can't beat the rural-island-in-peril formula! The acting in this is pretty good, and the characters seem to have a great deal of depth (cf Peter Cushing's role.). It's a pity that the British film industry gave up on a cult and, in my opinion, enjoyable series of horror flicks. "Island Of Terror" being another example of this genre...
This movie contains some beautiful cinematography and an enjoyable soundtrack. The acting is terrific and the plot easy to follow. I enjoyed this movie immensely. It is quite a departure from the other Chinese movies I have seen and enjoyed. It may appeal to those who did not like "Raise the Red Lantern," "Red Sorghum" and other Chinese movies that had strong political messages. This movie lacks that political undercurrent and is a pleasant contrast to the aforementioned (very excellent), titles.
Not the most exciting movie ever made, but it's not the worst either. Granted, it does have its weak points-it seems to go on forever, it doesn't have that much to offer by way of an interesting plotline, and the acting in some spots could be better. However, it's not without its charms. The music is very appealing, and it really is gorgeous to look at. It is an adequate time filler-it's just not for every taste. You be the judge
after watching a couple of episodes... i was totaly hooked! man this is one of these shows that no matter how much you watch, you just can't have enaugh. the characters are simple, but every single character has a certain something that makes them interesting, plus you don't just have one type of comedy in the characters, physical comedy and jokes are writen all over the place, from wannabe snobbish to down right hilarious. Overall i advise anybody to watch it.
An involving, clever, romantic, and sometimes very funny film featuring two of the era's most popular stars. Forget all the other silent starlets; Norma Shearer is the Queen of the silent movies! I'd never seen her in anything but dramas, and was delighted to see what a great comic actress she was. Ramon has some great moments, too. The end of the movie was a bit of a surprise, and is just one more reason to view this charming romantic comedy-drama.
This movie is great. An absolute ten. It could be considered somewhat boring the first part of the movie, but the only time I think of that is when I watch it with friends, and they say "isn't anything going to happen?"...you really should watch b-horror alone or with friends with the same taste. Anyway, the gore scenes in the movie are innovative and well executed. George Eastman is perfect as the beast. The music is awesome too, by the way.
Full-length movie about foxes. The main hero, a little fox Vuk lost his parents and was adopted by another old fox, Karak. When he grows up, he avenges a hunter and rescue a vixen Panny from the cage. Style of that movie is classic, but not Disney's, Hungary made own different animation (and this is not anime!). The movie himself exists in two version: one for TV in two parts and second for movies. That versions slightly differs in some episodes.
"Kiss of the Dragon" is just my favorite movie. You don't see Jet Li in any of his movie like this before. This is his most violent movie yet. His moves are more realistic compared to his previous movie "Romeo Must Die". In this movie, you don't see Jet Li flying in the air, he stays on the ground doing hand-to-hand combat. I recommend this movie to any hardcore action fans, but just don't take you children to see it.
I haven't played the sequel "Baldur's Gate II - Shadows of Amn" yet, which is said to be even better, but Baldur's Gate is definitely one of the best RPGs of recent times. The storyline is great and there are so many subplots and quests that you can't count them. Of all the games I've played Baldur's Gate is the one that comes closest to the quality of Ultima VII which I consider to be the best RPG of all time.
I do not under stand all the bad talk about this movie; I mean come on! this was not intended as a hollywood block buster, it was made for lifetime TV. If you actually watch the movie closely or more than once, you will see that it is really kinda eerie. I watched this movie the very first time it was aired on october 1992 and have watched every rerun on lifetime since. I give it a solid 8 of 10
The movie, The Right Stuff, like the book is more about male behavior among other men such as constant competitiveness, earning respect among peers, showing who's more competent, who "maintains an even strain" in the face of adversity, who has "The Right Stuff". It also shows that among these male traits there is also a bond, a willingness and need to work together for the common goal, to push your competition to achieve more than he may realize he is capable.
I saw Hav Plenty on cable one night. I thought the movie was good. The characters were interesting and Lee was a very likable person to me. He had an off-wit charm yet caring demeanor that I could see different types of women falling for. I appreciated the fact the movie was different and introduced more middle-class African-Americans, which are often neglected. The plot was a bit fuzzy and had the makings of a first time director but overall entertaining.
I was just amazed when I finished watching this Italian thriller. Inspired in quite a few American and European movies of this kind, it gets you intrigued from the start till the end. Strange events, mysterious characters, (including the main one who is an amnesic man who doesn´t know who he is or why someone is trying to kill him), the right rhythm and really thrilling moments make this movie one of the best Italian thrillers I´ve ever seen. Absolutely recommended.
I loved this movie! Not only was it entertaining, it was educational and inspiring. The soundtrack to the movie was awesome and the several montages set to music moved the movie along nicely. Those who say the movie was boring clearly neglect the fact that the process was slow, painful, and even dangerous. As for cabbleaddict's comments, I think it is sad to even say maybe it had a good ending. HELLO! Women get to vote! Is there a better ending?
I like a good parody as much as anyone, but this was baaaaad. I love The Lord of the Rings and I'd love to see a funny parody of it, but this wasn't it. This was mostly junior high level humor. And I *never* wanted to see Jack Black's bare butt. Aragorn (love that guy) kneeling in front of him was *almost* funny. Almost. I would, however, pay to see Sarah Michelle Gellar bite off his "little hobbit" for real. >:)
I respect the fact that this film was made in a mature way, since movies with lesbian characters often contain silly jokes or numerous stereotypes. Unfortunately, that's the best thing I can say about this picture. Despite obviously good intentions, this film is just plain dull. There's not a person that I cared about, not a scene that was particularly interesting. It was a movie that I wanted to like, but it didn't take long for me to get VERY bored.
I like Hudson Leick as much as the next guy (and probably more than most of the next guys), but even for her, this movie is just not worth watching. It's just plain terrible from start to finish. Sure, Hudson looks great if that's your interest -- not hard for her to look good in any case -- but even fast-forwarding and just watching her scenes, this one is just a real crapper. Even if you really like Hudson, avoid it.
It might be creatively written, it might have been done a nice small budget, but I still can't give the movie much praise. While it tried its hardest to make the audience laugh, I kept waiting for a punchline that never appeared. Parts became monotonous, dragging so far as to invoke the fast forward button on my remote control. Possible it wasn't the script at all, it felt that the actors and actresses had little or no chemistry or emotion throughout.
Heat Wave, TNT's movie about the 1965 Watts Riots is a far better film than Riot and handles many similar themes far more successfully. Riot, on the hand does a lot of yakking but little is really talked about. In trying to say "everything" about the causes and concerns that lead to the L.A. Riots, it ends up becoming totally unfocused and rather tedious. This is too important a subject to be given such short shrift and lack of real insight.
It never seems to amaze me how bad films can actually be, but this is an insult to intelligence. How does "From The Man Who Brought You Billy Jack" sound? Lighting is either brown, or supernova. Acting...pause...is...pause...awful!!! The story is the biggest joke yet. Whoever got this script and thought, "Hey, this is a winner!" should be burned at the stake like that crazy sister/grandma thing. Luckily, we always have Mike & the bots to help make light of the situation.
I wanted this movie to end very soon. Hugh Grant is the same person in every movie he's in. I was tired of him in the first 15 minutes and i was tired of this unoriginal plot. All through this film there was this illogical maze od complications that made me want to say, "Enough already!" There were a few funny moments but it did not make up for the tedious pot that was a retread of so many other films.
It is getting harder I fear for film makers to come up with new plots. This film has its moments, having Hugh Grant with his English accent trying to learn how to talk like a mobster was very funny, however the rest of the movie was very predictable and could have been a made for TV movie instead of a feature movie. I'm afraid I paid money at the theatre for this one and it should only be considered a renter.
Slap Shot 2 could have been a whole lot better, the original blows this away, but too bad Stephen Baldwin wasn't around for the original he is the only player that fits in this film. Gary Busey looked like he was about the croak, but he was perfect for his part. Slap Shot 2 wasn't awful, but could have so much better. I myself wasn't a big fan of the hockey chick thing, but whatever draws people to this wasted effort.
Complete waste of money and efforts - and everything just for the sake of special effects (which are, actually, very good). The main characters of the great legend look like a bunch of losers and the epic side of the story is obstructed by Merlin's love affair - and, be honest, Sam Neill, though a wonderful actor, is not the right choice for Merlin! Nothing to compare with Boorman's "Excalibur" which I strongly recommend to those who really love Arthurian legends.
The scene where his mum and dad went to bail Blue?? from jail. She was sprinkling Holy water!!!. She was cursing all the demons (in the form of prisoners)to disappear. That scene almost killed me. I actually laughed and ended up weeping. When some of the prisoners heckled her, she shouted at them, "Your Mama, All your mamas". That's one of my fave jail scenes of all time. Get Back Satan. Disappear Demons!!!!!!!!
The movie is not that bad, but it's still a waste of time. It's the classic drama about a tough woman who is released from jail, gets stuck with a 7yo kid who just lost his parents and of course discovers her sensitive side... Deja-vu is written all over this film, cliches are all over the place and it's too predictable... not even Sharon Stone's well acting could save this film. I can't give it more than 4 out of 10.
I came into this with low expectations, understanding it was going to be aimed at children. They missed and hit some toddlers instead. It actually could have been quite a bit better (all the way up to a 5, maybe) if it had been a bit more subtle. As it is, the acting was WAY too grotesque. Uncle Fester's character is a joke. Not funny at all. The same script with a different director and some new actors might have worked.
This was a pretty good movie for the younger generation. I thought that they went a little overboard when Daphny was fighting like Buffy the vampire slayer, And the worst part was Fred. It in no way reflected the Fred from the cartoon. This scripting of Fred was doomed. But the movie had a decent story line, and had it's moment's. I just expected more. I probably would have had a better time if Daphny and Fred had been scripted better.
This movie was very boring. Perhaps I saw too many cartoons about this story. I kept waiting for something to happen, but nothing ever did. Do not expect any suspense. This was more of a documentary than anything else. Don't waste your time, watch a cartoon about this story instead. Robert's accent was really bad and the acting by both leading actors looked as if they were thinking of something else and were really bored when they were making the film.
This film is an embarrassment to watch. Seeing poor Mae West, who was near 80, trying to act sexy is pathetic. The script is terrible and everyone in it should have known better. Paramount Studios, where it was filmed, refused to release it. It was finally picked up by an independent releasing company and released (or should I say escaped) and quickly died. If you are a fan of Mae West, DO NOT SEE THIS FILM! It will break your heart.
I took a chance on this film after reading a couple of intriguing reviews of it. Ultimately, I thought the film was boring, incomprehensible, amateurish, and almost unwatchable. The cinematography and editing are a mess. The story pointless and the direction varies between arty and overdone to dull and sluggish. The acting ranged from passable (by the lead, Duane Jones) to awful (everyone else). This is supposed to be a landmark in black cinema of the 70's? Avoid at all costs!!!
Hilarious. Not the film, but the review by RAROME when he calls the film, "One of the funniest Latino Exploitation films ever." He WOULD think that. He's the star of the film. Rarome posts elsewhere: "yes I'm Richard Azurdia and everyone can know it. I have nothing to hide." http://imdb.com/title/tt0452703/board/thread/19924618?d= 29238104#29238104 Has anyone out there, NOT related to the filmmakers/not crew, cast, friends, or family of this film seen it and care to comment on it?
Sounds like fun. Well it isn't. Location is great, actors are good (Keitel and Andie MacDowell) but there is no story, no plotline, nothing. Lets start shooting, who needs a story. Well, let me tell you, this movie was in very dire need of a story. Any story would have done, half a story would have given me a semi-enjoyable evening. I give you with 1/10 the first real dud of 2004. Should have gone to the party instead. 1-1-2004 02:45
This is one of the worst Manuel Summers films, a title that it was made for his son, David Summers and the Hombres G. It is very difficult to make a great movie without good actors, but it is impossible make a movie without any actor. The plot is absolutely ridiculous, without a logical sense. For example, the love affair between David Summers and his girlfriend, Marta, or the boxing scenes in the concert... I don't recommend this film to anyone...
First of all, Jon Bon Jovi doesn't seem to be in place in a vampire movie. Together with the other not so interesting characters and the poor storyline the whole movie becomes predictable. If you keep that in mind and you're a total vampire movie fan, you can have some fun with a few of the scenes. Don't expect any Tarantino-style chapters here and neither an Anne Rice storyline. (I expect to have have forgotten the whole movie by tomorrow ;)
I saw this one titled as "Pod People." I thought: "What does this have to do with pods or people???" It seems silly that a bunch of rock stars would go out into the wilderness in Spain and meet up with some poachers and locals. The kid in this film is about as bright as Dan Quayle on neuro-inhibitors. The scene where everything moves around by itself is about the only special effect that was halfway decent. The monsters were BAD.
i don't mind the movies not being the real world, i don't mind magical, unlikely or challenging, even illogical but half-baked, over-flagged nonsense is simply disappointing. There seems to have been a good idea for a film here as others wrote but its impossible not see what's coming. In fact I thought well perhaps there'll be some twist I'm not expecting.... no, not really. Oh well, I do like Cuba though. I just wish he didn't have to look so uncomfortable.
First, I love Bette Davis. This movie is among the worst she ever made. Bette Davis wonderful at playing modern women, especially outspoken, bitchy or evil women. She showed little talent for playing mealy-mouthed, self-sacrificing women. I think most of her fans will be appalled by this film, especially by the ending, which will leave most modern audiences speechless. Thank God that the following year, Bette co-starred with Henry Fonda in a classic, "Jezebel," and got her career back on track.
Truly appalling This is an action movie by numbers... but the action isn't very exciting and the plot holes just annoy. For example, when rehashing the well worn cliche of hero deals with gang on bus, the violence is totally disproportionate to what the gang has done......and these little explosive devices that magically only take out one person (even knowing which way round they hold a saucer) are frankly dull A bad plot with terrible acting and only semi-amusing stunts
The first film was so-so, and the sequel is rock-bottom. Never mind the fact that they try to pass F-4 Phantoms for MiGs (and MiG-29s at that!), it's the entire idea that the US and Soviet would cooperate in a military operation to knock out a nuclear missile plant (and what the hell is THAT if I may ask?) in an arab country. The Soviet Union would probably have struck back at the US for doing it... This film sucks.
this movie has to be the WORST film i have ever seen in my life. what a SLEEPER. i was actually somewhat excited to see this movie because i am a big fan of orlando jones, but i was extremely disappointed with this movie. i saw it on the plan ride back from New York. let's just say that was the LONGGEEST plane ride ever because of this HORRIBLE movie. it literally was painful to watch. rating: -23948 out of +10
..But she's no Catriona Macoll. Wow.....I like "Zombie," "The Beyond," even have a special place for "The Gates of Hell." For some idea of this one's rank in the Fulci canon, "Aenigma" is better. This one makes no sense, the gore is cheap, and everyone, including Lucio must have been sleepwalking when they made this. Sure it ain't the worst thing ever, but it's pretty bad. Flatly directed with a potentially interesting storyline, Fulci missed the target big time with this.
I've actually seen one worse fantasy movie in my entire life, so I can't rank this one as a zero. Maybe a .1 or something. Okay, all right, that's rude ... Most low-budget movies aren't truly made for the purposes of making money ... they're made by people who really love making movies. I really hope that this movie's creators had fun making it, but I'm a little baffled, trying to figure out how they got somebody to distribute this.
I have a bad feeling that this started out as a serious indictment of man's destruction of the Earth's environment. Unfortunately it was treated no better by it's American distributors than any other Toho daikaiju epic. The dubbing is as bad as ever, the pan and scan transfer makes the film almost unwatchable, and there are lengthy (dull) expository passages that probably played better in Japanese. I'd like to see a widescreen print with subtitles. Good music by Tomita, at least!
Unless you are easily distracted by Laura Antonelli, I wouldn't say that there is anything particularly noteworthy about this weak Italian comedy. There were a few funny moments, but more often than not, the jokes were misfires. It didn't take all that long for me to start watching the clock with regularity during this film, so I would have to say that it is fairly dull as well. Learn from my mistake, and don't waste your time watching this forgettable film.
"Telegrafisten" is one of the worst movies that I`ve ever seen and this is how Norwegian movies mostly are: pis# poor! The movie is based on a poor book, has a poor script, bad directing, terrible actors and a totally uninteresting story taking place on a small island in the northern part of Norway. We were forced to watch this crap at school last year, and I recommend all of you to steer clear of this guff. 0,5/10
I was not barely able to sit and watch this version.I tried to find something good till the end of the film and I didn't get it,but something upset.The production should be better than of what I had seen.Liz Taylor was a special cast but the weak script and production pulled everything down.Watch the original has been enough! The episodes were good stories.Some of them couldn't be forgotten with tears in my eyes during watching a friendship between Fred and Barney,,,,Great!!!
This film was supposed to be tongue in cheek as I understand it, but it failed to pull this off in an at all amusing way. The whole story appeared to be driven by how much money they could make on product placement - awful. I am pretty sure it need not have been this bad, Bill Murray, and the Girls seemed wasted. Not since Hudson Hawk have I seen a film with a potentially amusing idea go so badly wrong.
Expensive looking but bloated and dull martial arts fantasy. Film was shot in English with Anglo villains and an Anglo lead, obviously with a hope towards international success. Unfortunately after a strong start the film has a very saggy middle, turning into a second rate Raiders of the Lost Ark wannabe. Many of the fight scenes and effects are also far too digitized, making the film look about as real as a video game. A huge waste of talent and time.
This is by far the worst movie I can ever recall seeing. It beats out grade Z movies because of its "deep arthouse movie" pretensions. I saw "Angels and Insects" for free, so I actually enjoyed laughing at it with my friends. Particularly the as-subtle-as-a-jackhammer "imagery" [Oh I get it! They're like bees because they dress in yellow and black stripped ballgowns!] and the hilarious poor acting ["when I touch myself...in the night..."]. If you want an intelligent movie, look elsewhere.
This uneasy, uncertain mix of brutal murder sequences (though the effects don't stand up to scrutiny) and a spoofy tone is a complete waste of time. It's the kind of film that has you constantly counting how many people are still alive in order to guess approximately how much running time it has left. The fact that it got a DVD release (and one full of extras, I hear) is more amazing than anything you'll see in the picture itself. (*1/2)
I can only assume this short's popularity has something to do with its political incorrectness; in itself it's rather lame. How funny is it really to see a grunting halfwit running around in circles after a bunch of little kids? The film does have its moments, especially with Spanky and Bumbo in the kitchen, but overall it reminded me a lot of that standard childhood nightmare of being chased by a gorilla, except not as exciting. I pass on this one.
This is a film that may captivate those interested in Catholic theology - others should stay away. There is too much chat, as a futuristic (set in 1999) priest visits a monastery in Ireland that refuses to give up the Latin mass. Not very exciting stuff. But there is a marvellous performance from Trevor Howard, an almost as good one from Cyril Cusack, and it's nice to see young Martin Sheen and Michael Gambon. Scenery and cinematography are also nice.
"Tomorrow the World" is a thought provoking film about an American family who adopts a troubled German boy after the war. Together they try to undo the ridgid Nazi influence that was instilled in him (which is no easy feat). Leslie Fenton directs a first rate cast including Fredric March, Betty Field, Agnes Moorehead and Joan Carroll. However it is Skip Homeier as the Nazi youth who steals the picture with an electrifying performance. The film is available on video and DVD.
Remove yourself from the Kirk Douglass aspects of the casting. It is essential to your enjoying the film. There is a beautiful young woman playing double roles - and in the photos from the 1800's, I can't believe how smooth and white her skin is. Also, there is an excellent degrading of the film stock which chills the mind if you like faded greys and yellows as I do. This film is played on TNT from time to time so see it.
It seems that people watch this movie only to give it a below par ratings. Well I liked this picture and the three others that were with me also liked it too. For 1981 I would consider it pretty high tech but for today a little dated, but when I watch any movie I always want to know when it was made so I won't judge it by contemporary standards. We all liked it and I will give it a solid 8/10.
I'm a big fan of Jackie Chan. And this movie is my favorite Jackie Chan film! This movie made me a Jackie Chan fan! I saw it in 1996. This movie is great because, there's two Jackie! He is very funny and sexy in this film. There are a lot of action scenes and jokes. If you are a Jackie Chan fan like me, you'll like 'Twin Dragons'. The last fighting scene is one of the best of Jackie's. You must see!
This movies bad. The worst part was after the long chase near end where the 'Evil black Dodge' takes a nose dive off a cliff to its death. Then it comes back seconds later (In near perfect running condition) only to drive off again, this time into a box of explosives. Its like the people who made this movie, had an extra Dodge laying around and wanted to get rid of it. Wheels of Terror is only worth watching for a laugh.
A visual feast, and a glorious tale, The Adventures of Robin Hood has it all - a noble hero, a beautiful heroine, several hateful villians, great swordplay, lovable comic sidekicks, gorgeous sets, and exciting action. Since restoration, the colors are perfection itself, and aptly reminiscent of a comic book. The characters are strongly drawn, and wonderfully brought to life by the stars, and many of the era's finest character actors. Everything just rings right with this film. It's the best swashbuckler ever.
"Suddenly" takes it's name from the small western town where the action takes place. It's a taut drama about an assassination attempt on the President of the United States. This movie's plot does hold your interest, partly because there is an organized, well financed conspiracy involved in the attempt, compared to the "lone nut" from history. Reportedly this movie was viewed by Lee Harvey Oswald shortly before he assassinated President Kennedy. For this reason, Frank Sinatra withdrew this movie from circulation.
Do not listen to the morons who dont find the spirit within this great movie... if you have any love for the Finalfantasy games watch this! Ok so its oldscool(Visuals,music,plot...)but so are the games. The Japhumor is crazy as in most anime but their is peace to be found here also. The english dub is ok. As with the games,the thing you will be left with after seeing this is a Good,Chill feeling that you will want to experience again and again...
This film is full of great characters, who are rounded out into real people,and despite any flaws in them, they were all still likable. It was nice to see all of the cast interact with each other as if they haven't seen each other for years. It's a just a great movie, and its replay value is above a lot of other movies out right now. Malcolm Lee has done a fine job with this film. Go ahead and see it! Now!
This is a great movie. I am amazed that some folks rated it "5" or less. Perhaps the horribly miscast Shelley Long gave these folks indigestion. Maybe there was a negative reaction to seeing "The Fonz" in a completely different light. Oh well, their loss. This movie has many great moments ("This is Chuck reminding Bill to shut up!" . . . "Call Starkist!" . . . "LOVE BROKERS!!!!" . . . etc.) and is well worth seeing. Now available on DVD!!
Lucy Aubrac (Carole Bouquet) is a woman in love with her husband Raymond (Daniel Auteuil). He is an important member of the French resistance and arrested with his friends in a meeting after being betrayed. Lucy will try to rescue him from the Gestapo prison using all the possible ways. A beautiful romance in the Second World War, based on a true story. A correct direction and good performances of the cast make this movie a worthwhile entertainment. My vote is seven.
I can't begin to explain how chilling it is to believe that there are people walking around on our streets who are actually like this. Duval shines in this story of a freakish preacher on a one way trip to the place of fire and brimstone. The acting is great. The inclusion of some of the trance inducing 'sermons' of the obviously real life charlatans is great. Thankfully, it's only a film and it ends before the collection plate comes your way.
As fresh in a tired genre as the original 48 Hours was, this movie really sucks. Is a top-five exhibit for the contention that Hollywood's standard for enjoyable and believable scripts is (inexplicably) far lower for sequels to successful movies. Some of the worst movies in Hollywood history are sequels to some of its best films - start with this and include Halloween II(may be the worst major movie ever made), Jurassic Park II(ditto), the Beverly Hills Cop rehashes(shiver), Caddyshack II. Yecchhh.
This is my favorite of the "new" Charlie Brown specials. I liked it better than the Christmas tales and Lucy must be traded. It's also one of all time Charlie Brown specials-I'd say in the top 5 somewhere. I loved the dance part! I think the main reason that I loved it is because I could relate to about 90% of it! (Especially the dance part) Worth watching and even worth owning. It's suppose to come out in Jan, 2004. (PeanutsAnimation website)
Unutterably boring dialogue, completely silly story, but lovely scenery. I kept waiting for something to happen, but all that ever went on was a group of folks kept burying and digging up a dead guy. Two of the people thought they were responsible for the death and were trying to hide the evidence and circumstances continued to require that they keep shuffling the body around. Very tedious. I would rather watch a red oak grow that waste my time watching this drivel.
For many viewers this film was spoilt by advertising, that showed a movie full of spying, hacking and big mysteries. Yes. Big mysteries. Left is one. How does a pretty smart guy lose contact to the "Reality", whatever that is meant? It is good, that this movie only had a low budget, that makes it possible to recognize the smallest change in acting. Simple plot, overwhelming acting, financial flop, just a terrific film. Thumbs up and 10 points
I watched this movie on dirty heads, so the picture was continually jumping. This disappointed the people I was watching it with, so they left. This did not stop me, however, from watching and, in turn, loving this beatiful piece of cinematic masterpiece. I am a huge fan of any movie (or thing) that is off-centre, and not-quite-right. "Delicatessen" fits this perfectly with its distorted camera angles and equally distorted characters. Jeunet and Caro have made one of the best movies ever!
The basic idea behind this film as that a whole lot of messed up things happen...some a bit pointless, some are really, really weird, and a few are amazingly funny. if you're in the mood for a really messed up, yet really good movie, then this is your choice for the night. for the low brow crowd...lucy lui is naked in this seriously though, this movie was quite good. kind of sad klaus koch hasn't made another movie since.
The streets of Paris on a quiet Sunday morning. The shrill scream of a Ferrari going through the gears. A camera strapped to the hood. Blasting through red lights at breakneck speed and using pedestrians as apex cones. The best 7 minutes of real tv I have ever seen. Worth every penny for those car nuts and race fans. This film was "out of print" two years ago. I have been looking for this film since I first saw it in 1989.
One of the most neglected aspects in appraising DAMNATION ALLEY is Jerry Goldsmith's tough and tender score, which seamlessly links together the plot, makes the frightening opening sequence even more frightening than it really is -- and sonically wallpapers over much of the less than stellar acting and action sequences. Sadly, the soundtrack to Goldsmith's panoramic score has never been released (shame on Fox!) and only a sequence has been recorded (by Goldsmith, on a CD entitled FRONTIERS for Varese).
This is a wonderful movie. Its as simple as that. And Samuel L. Jackson small role in the film is worth what ever the cost for you to view it. The scene when he is listening to the playing of the Red Violin can not be put into words. Its a feeling, and he put that feeling dead smack in the middle of me where I couldn't ignore it, or bottle it up. Bravo Mr Jackson. You are truly a great artist.
Amelie is such a loveable character! Flawed and insecure, yet good-hearted, she is charming. Audrey Tautou captures all the winning qualities of this character, and makes you really care about her interactions with the quirky people in her life. The camerawork is original and cheerful, the narrations are hilarious, and the message of the movie is wonderful: the best thing you can do with your life is to be a ray of light and goodness to those around you, just like Amelie.
Beyond Silence is a beautiful film that you never forget. Her beautiful scenes and her story make an excellent movie. Her director,Caroline Link,make a sence film about life and love.Her music is wonderfull,including the Klezmer music with the actress,Sylvie Testud,touched in a scene.The rest of actors have a perfect performance.Presented in Mar del Plata Film Festival in 1997,the movie is one of the best pictures of this decade in Argentina. My opinion:The best german film of every times.Please,don´t forget see.Is an order.
The whole world is falling prey to a lethal disease, and rain never stops pouring down : nevertheless, in this atmosphere of nightmare, a man and a woman discover that they are neighbors, thanks to a hole in the floor of the man's apartment. They fall in love : at least, all would not have been lost. Although this wonderful film expresses the loneliness and the weakness of human being, there is also some room for hope, in the shiny singing scenes.
Despite all of the negative reviews I've read, (and there are plenty!) I actually liked this movie. The writing is quite good and even though there requires a certain suspension of disbelief in the plot, the characters remain true to form. Lange and Paltrow I consider to be two of the best actresses around today and they truly carried the film. The film builds a psychodramatic suspense in the characters of Lange and Paltrow that transcends the shortcomings of the plot details.
I'm not really sure they were trying to make a good film. There was a lot of material that really helped weaken this film that could have been edited out, and wasn't. It's almost as if the director, or the producer was making a film simply to have a bunch of friends appear on camera and was afraid to take out very poor scenes when their removal would have strengthened this film. Still and all, it wouldn't have been a good movie.
I know I am not the audience for this mess, but even my toddler was bored by it. The story takes so long being slow and simple, it literally bored me into a stupor. The songs are instantly forgettable, the TV cast looks ill at ease, and the whole thing is shot on a soundstage with a budget that might cover my lunch this afternoon. I give this a 3, and hope your child is not turned off from Elmo by this.
This classic all-black adaptation of Marc Connelly's play attempted to break some ground for the role of blacks in film, but it comes through today in a mixed mode. There are some touching moments in the simplicity of faith. But my agnostic feelings interfered with the total enjoyment of the film. Also, most of the cast perpetuate the stereotyping at the time - that of blacks being simpleminded human beings. Still, there is much to enjoy, especially if you are religious minded.
I love this film! It's so wonderful. One of the funniest parts for me is when Lucy and Snoopy box with each other (Snoopy putting the boxing glove on his nose LOL). The Sherman Brothers (a great songwriting team in general) score may not receive a lot of attention by all viewers of this film, but it's terrific. Especially "Me and you/A two man crew/Side by side we're united" plus the title song and Charlie Brown's solo "It Changes".
Of all the movies I have seen, this is one of the five or so I have ever watched which makes me believe that animals were actually tortured on the set. This is no lie. I implore anyone to watch this movie, especially during the fire scenes and tell me that no animal was harmed during the making of this "film". A scene with a python is especially disturbing. You'll know it when you see it. Prove me wrong, please.
For big fans of Errol and big fans of period romance musical comedy/drama combo,this movie will deliver the goods.The story hits the spot for the genre.Very good music,very good cast and acting as well.What kpt this movie from becoming a classic though was the low budget and average directing.The cinematography was also below average.But still,Errol Flynn is so charming here as usual and for the right audience,it's still a winner.This film was unfairly under rated due to the dreaded anti-Flynn syndrome bandwagon......
this is the most impressive holocaust movie ever, If you have ever seen Shoa you'll agree ..... may you not be familiar with the ongoing events back in the 1940's in the death-camps maybe you should read into it before seeing this film it's not like Uprising or Schindler's list (I haven't seen the Pianist yet but I very much doubt it'll come close) this is the real stuff ..... MUST SEE 5 out of 5
Yes, I agree with the average 4/10 rating. This is another marginally watchable, below average mid-60s fare, worth your time only if you have absolutely nothing else to do with your time. Not horrible, but nothing remarkable either. Little in the way of character development, no memorable dialogue, and a plodding, straightforward plot (if you can call it that). If you make it all the way through, follow the crew's example, and break out the brandy; after that, you deserve one.
Ah, yes the 1-line summary is what I would describe the film. Considering the U.S. child pornography laws, I'm surprised U.S. government has let this movie to be produced. Looks like the Louis Malle had the guts to make a movie that has nude scene of a young girl named Brooke Shields. Perhaps that is why this movie must be significant. It's not surprising to see a lot of reviewers bashing this movie because of the nudity scene.
After the opening credits , I had some hope - it looked SO bad that I thought it might be funny. Absolutely the worst , most cheaply produced film I have ever seen which tried to pass itself off as a serious movie , as opposed to the toxic avenger series, killer tomatoes , et al -though possibly rivaled by The Texas Chainsaw Massacre II. Much better than the film is Sam's review in the At-A-Glance Film Reviews - a must see.
ok maybe not really but it sure felt like it the first 60 or 70 times i saw it as a kid on cable i loved this movie cause it was so freakin funny i watched it over and over and over again laughing myself hysterical every time and then when i saw it like 15 years later i laughed so hard i broke a rib laughing ok maybe not really but it sure felt like it ya know what i'm sayin
is a highlight of this short-but-snappy soaper. Irene Dunne (great as usual) plays an ambitious woman who pushed husband (Charles Bickford) to partner with friend (Eric Linden) to create successful business. But Bickford has a yen for babes and links up with a conniving one (Gwili Andre) who pressures him to get a divorce. Film culminates in nasty divorce led by hateful lawyer (J. Carroll Naish). Somehow this all works even tho is pretty far-fetched. Chalk up another success for Irene Dunne.
I went to see this in the theatres after hearing about how many oscar nominations it was up for. It is painfully slow, very bloody, with no plot to relate to (unless maybe you live in NYC). The only reason I didn't leave before the 3 hours of torture were over was because I was expecting it to get good (oscar nominations) and I paid full price to go. If you haven't seen it yet, don't waste your time or money.
I actually didn't expect this film to very funny, as the cover mostly made it look like more of an action movie - but as it turns out it was very very funny. Great actors, great story and plot twists everywhere! It reminded a bit of "Two Days In L.A." but this one was far better. Most comedies nowadays have enough good jokes in them to last about ten minutes, but John Landis proves that movies like this still can be made.
This movie is probably the best way to end the magnificent Gundam Wing series. It answered a lot of questions asked about the series. It showed the pilots' pasts. The new Gundams are awesome, especially Tallgeese II. I didn't like Wing Zero Custom because the angel wings was ridiculous!!! Death Scythe Hell was nice too. The animation was much better than the series. Watch the series first or else you won't have a clue about what's going on in the movie.
a surprising hit of a movie Jim Carrey's big breakthrough. In this movie he plays the character Ace Ventura who's an eccentric popper who finds animals for people. When the Miami Dolphin's dolphin is kidnapped they hire Ace to find the animal. This movie is one of the funniest movies ever! It also helped Courtney Cox's career a lot, you must see this if you don't have a stick stuck somewhere hehe and if you like to laugh 8 out of 10!
"Angus" is one of the most true to life, humorous and dramatic films I've seen in a long time. Talbert did a very good job portraying Angus and so did Kathy Bates and George C. Scott as Angus' mother and Grandfather. It was good to see Ariana Richards in a movie besides "Jurassic Park" and "Tremors." I have no clue on why she doesn't do more acting. She did a very good job. All in all, the film was wonderful.
84 minutes b/w movie by Fred the Hammer Williamson. It won't win any screen guild awards but no one expects it to. You see it to watch Jim Kelly, Richard Roundtree, Jim Brown, and Fred Williamson kick a$$. That's what they do. The 2 minute car ride on the BQE with no words could have been done away with and the funky dog is used too much. I liked the movie. Bad guys pi** them off, bad guys get killed. That simple.
On the whole it was a very well done production. I can't wait for it to be available on DVD so I can enjoy it without all the commercials. I was familiar with some of the legends but not all of them. It was good to hear them and see them come "to life". I was overjoyed to see so many Native Americans and Native Canadians (isn't Canada part of North America?) portray the cast in an honest and proud way.
I honestly didn't know what to expect from "another stripper movie." But all in all I was quite impressed. Ice Cube has always been one of my favorite rappers, and once he got into acting he was one of my favorite actors. Players Club definitely shows that Cube also has the potential to write and direct more great films. Though I wouldn't call this a comedy/drama, there are definitely some very funny scenes, especially those involving Jamie Foxx. Definitely worth checking out.
I saw this at the Telluride Film Festival and was impressed by Herzog, but not in a positive way. He's a pompous ass. That doesn't necessarily detract from a movie, but I thought I'd mention it. This film has some absolutely stunning shots (especially of the incredible peak, Cerro Torre), but the human elements are a complete waste of time and film stock. There's actually not much climbing in it. I liked "Fitzcaraldo" and "Aguire" quite well; check those out instead.
I thought this movie was an excellent change of pace from the over-acted, glossy big studio releases. The characters are interesting and the plot is not just another stock rerun. It even managed to pull off an upbeat ending without coming off as sappy. Its definitely a light hearted movie without any massive conflict to work through or ground breaking issues to explore. It has a very laid back, slice of life, feel. Great movie to rest your mind on.
Another great performance by Paulette Goddard. Along with Veronica Lake, and Claudette Colbert as the lead. All were very good, however, it was Paulette that got the Academy Award nomination as "Best Supporting Actress" for this film. And she deserved it. Yet in all the TV hype and movie club ads, it's always Colbert and Lake that get billed. Paulette went on to make another film with Sonny Tufts, "I Love A Soldier", because of their charisma in this film together.
It is amazing how much this film sucks... The special effects are ground-breaking and I must say, the acting is the best I've seen in 27 years! Nick Jolley stars as some lady's boyfriend and his acting is pure-genious... When you see this film, watch the big fight scene he's in, it is flabber-gasting. Dr. Spectre is by far one of the best villians I've seen since Kevin Spacey in se7en. Rent, Buy, Or Steal this movie right away before you die...
The Weirdo MUST go on everyone's top ten worst film list....It is simply DREADFUL! From the opening credits that read: The Weirdo-The Beginning!?????? to a hand chopped off by butter knife to the ludicrous plot? twist.....this movie is just abysmal! I laughed, then cried....I wanted to poke my eyes out with my very own butter knife! How this film ever got financed is anybody's guess...someone must have decided that spending five hundred bucks on crapola was better then burning it......They were wrong!
i thought it was going to be funny with the previews on TBS, but when I saw the real thing, it was pathetic. Somehow the film was serious than actually funny. Its about a depressed man for which his family doesn't give a damn about him. Bryan Cranston plays the long lost cousin of Judge Reinhold for which he is a putz on the nervous breakdown and wants a real relationship with his family. Bryan was the reason i watched this movie.
I liked this movie, despite the dis from the review by that other guy. I like all norm films, and i liked this one. i am angered that someone could write so poorly of this. Any way, I thought it was a funny movie(u want a movie to walk out on, guy? try keeping the faith. Any way, i liked this, and found it to be funny like the rest of mr. mcDonald's movies. but then, i liked Mystery Men. Bye now.
holy cow, what an awful movie! i'm a dave chapelle fan, and i like danny devito too, in most of the comedies he's played in. norm macdonald is a gifted stand-up comedian. but in this movie, chapelle's reduced to playing the silly black sidekick, danny devito is given NOTHING to work with, and macdonald is so unfunny i found myself thinking about cleaning house while the video was on. yikes. i wouldn't even recommend renting this movie with a free rental coupon.
This movie is bad in every respect. The direction is bush-league, after-school-special quality. The acting is bad. Mare Winningham sleeps through this dog, as I did. Anthony Edwards did an OK job of acting, but he seems to be as disinterested as I was in this movie. The special effects are third rate. The plot idea isn't as developed as it could be. Anthony Edwards needs to rush to the "ER" and have this movie surgically removed from his resume.
"Lamerica" takes the audience through the devastation of post-communist Albania as it follows the odyssey of a young Italian man who has come to make some easy money but finds himself caught up in the same curious mix of hopeful despair etched into the faces of people he's come to swindle. The film has little plot, the feel of a documentary, and most of the scenes are perfunctory. Nonetheless, "Lamerica" will beg a strange fascination from those who find grizzled realism interesting.
Laurence Olivier, the prince of the made-up country of Carpathia in the Balkans, tells the following to Marilyn Monroe, the showgirl, at 95 minutes of the movie, in Magyar (Hungarian), while outside the door Magyar musicians play the violin: (IMDB, in a very strange way, only allows sentences in English appear here.) Its literal, word by word translation to the English language is the following: "My little dove (pigeon), come here, stay here, love me, as I love You."
Lovely animated film, we loved it as children! It includes both some really sad moments (including the death of sympathetic characters - a topic rarely treated in children's films), but also some funny ones, like the hilarious scene where the two geese get drunk or the scenes that feature the two stupid dogs. It is a nice, moving, often funny, sometimes serious story both children and adults can well relate to. I would recommend it to anyone interested in "non-Disney" animated movies.
Night on Earth... Just another picture that you didn't plan to see, but you just couldn't stop watching when you got to see on your TV set. It's not one great story, but several, and the comical about the driver who doesn't understand the gear box, but lets his passenger drive his car, and the tragical about the Finnish driver whose 14-year-old daughter has got pregnant, is a great mix. Next time it's showing on TV, be sure not to miss it!
It is a very spooky feeling to see a film based on someone you knew in real life. I honestly do not know how much artistic liberty was taken with this film as I did not know his family, but I knew Rocky Dennis as a teenager and Eric Stoltz did an absolutely fantastic job of capturing his heart and soul as well as his intelligence. I am grateful that such a remarkable person will be remembered for who he truly was.
I saw this film today in the Cinema. The film critics gave it the bottom grade. But I didn't listen to them. Do I ever? This third entry is not really as good as the two other films, but well worth seeing. I was really a lot better than I thought. Paul Hogan is as funny and charming as ever. If you're a fan like me. Four words: GO AND SEE IT! For everyone else. I recomend it. I give it 7/10.
I was somewhat reluctant when my girlfriend wanted me to see this film with her, because danish comedies has not been that funny in the last last pair of decades! BUT, I must admit that I was very glad to discover, that this comedy was very funny indeed! The leading female actor Sidse Babett Knudsen is giving a great performance! (She was btw also great in the movie 'Let's get Lost') All in All : Good Entertainment!
TRAPPED is a very good example of the documentary- styled noir film. Lloyd Bridges gives an energetic performance as a greedy and cunning counterfeiter whose brains are not equal to his ambitions. The film also features tragic sex bomb Barbara Payton in her first major role and she also scores as a somewhat naive, yet ruthless, partner to Bridges. Richard Fleischer directs with his usual stylishness and the look of the film will satisfy the diehard noir fan. Very enjoyable.
Hav Plenty is a clever romantic comedy that is appealing because of its unique cast. Seldom do American audiences get the opportunity to view intelligent comedy starring African Americans. Hav Plenty demonstrates that the Black community is not limited. Hav Plenty was a pleasure to watch. I own the DVD... It's a cute and witty film that confirms what I have known all along. Black people are diverse. They have class and sophistication. They are attractive, intelligent and extremely talented.
Hav Plenty is one of the most under-rated, under-exposed movies I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. It was entertaining from beginning to end. The laughs were 'Plenty'-ful. (Lots of critics use puns, why should I be different.) If you just want to have a good time watching a movie, invite over a few friends and pop 'Hav Plenty' in the VCR. P.S. They should have hired me to promote this movie maybe more than 12 people would have seen it.
i do not understand why this movie is so often overlooked. it may not be a classic, but it has it's moments. true, sometimes the humor can be sophomoric, even down right childish at times, but there are the occasional jokes that an adult would to think about to understand. it has a goofy plot, but is surprisingly well acted. it will not change your life in any way, but it is pointless entertainment and (for the most part) non-thought provoking fun.
Imagine you're a lesbian (if you are one, just be yourself), you hear about this new lesbian movie coming out and you're curious. In this case: just go watch this movie! It's a collection of emotions. You come out of the theater feeling happy, passionate, hurt, proud,....All these things fall upon you watching this film. It's got wonderful actresses, emotional stories and most of all: love. You should see it, gay or not, because what matters in this world is also: love!
There are so many many stories to tell... If These Walls Could Talk 2 did an incredible job of telling the stories that they chose. The characters were true to life, and empathetic. It takes you through a full range of emotions in less than two hours. People need to know that lesbians are people too. We have joys, and sorrows just like you. And some of the heartache that we have had to endure is imposed by society and altogether unnecessary.
This film is one to stick with you for a long time. The brief, yet intense scenes, constantly engage the viewer. Causing an almost (not to sound juvenile) interactive experience. It was a film in which any turn was unexpected.In the end character development was the one that blew me out of the water.To see the depth of these characters, only enhanced by phenomenally cinematography,slowly developing and changing throughout the film. All in all a real down to earth, organic, non-forced film.
I didn't really think that "Grease" was as good as people I know say it is, but it's okay. I mean, it's better than most movies I've seen before. It's fun to watch, and the chemistry between Danny and Sandy is all so innocent. It has really great musical numbers sung by Olivia Newton-John, John Travoltra, and the rest of the cast, and it became a cult classic film, which will live forever. Even today, the "Grease" legacy lives on! Not bad.
Although It could be worse, this movie may have done it's job Too well. Especially James Belushi playing a "jerk-friend." It feels like he has a lot of practice playing this role (know what I mean?). But Demi Moore's friend isn't much better. On the plus side, Rob Lowe's acting is very good & Moore's (such an underrated actress!) is excellent. Maybe a good movie showing young people not to rush into anything, but be warned: the medicine isn't especially good tasting.
holy cow, what an awful movie! i'm a dave chapelle fan, and i like danny devito too, in most of the comedies he's played in. norm macdonald is a gifted stand-up comedian. but in this movie, chapelle's reduced to playing the silly black sidekick, danny devito is given NOTHING to work with, and macdonald is so unfunny i found myself thinking about cleaning house while the video was on. yikes. i wouldn't even recommend renting this movie with a free rental coupon.
This film was not scary, nor was it exciting at any point. I was bored out of my skull watching this slow-developing piece of trash. It just didn't seem to ever get moving. I saw the ending coming a mile away, since it was a LOT like the ending to Sixth Sense. I've seen worse, but the hype surrounding this movie made it a HUGE disappointment. Terrible excuse for horror, only Blair Witch 2: Book of Shadows was worse in that category.
No spoilers, It is hard to spoil something that is already rotten. All I could think is. "Wow, I bet George regrets doing this one." I am generally a fan of George Clooney, in fact O Brother, Where Art Thou? has got to be one of my favorite movies of all time and Oceans 11 was an entertaining movie by the same Director/Actor, But this flick stunk. I would comment more on the movie but it wasn't really memorable.
Terrible, derivative rip-off of Rosemary's Baby features Joan Collins at her blandest, and Donald Pleasance at his moost boring (has he made a decent moovie other than Halloween??). Gee, can you tell that baby Collins is possessed by Satan? Does anyone really care? This turkey is also known by about 6 other titles, including "I Don't Want to be Born" - hmmmm, perhaps the moovie was trying to tell the producers something. MooCow says find a hole & bury this turkey. :=8P
not great nothing new. ghost looked like a mask for 2 dollars for Halloween. production value is OK compared to the budget... i got bored, and had to fast forward to get to end, which was well untouching. some of the production team members are writing comments of praisal, and giving 10/10 ... we'll those people suck. a a a not the worst... but definitely NOT a good movie. wouldn't miss anything by skipping this one.
Hmmm...I must be in the silent minority on this one. I thought this movie was absolutely atrocious. The plot was flimsy, the film moved WAY to fast at the beginning, and the big conspiracy was about power lines causing cancer...It was sad that was the best they could come up with. If you want to see truly great acting by Eddie Murphy, rent Bowfinger, Coming to America, or Trading Places. If you want to see a jumbled mess, watch this movie instead.
I hope that Primo, the German Shepherd who played Thor, fired his agent after this role. It's amazing how they can take such a great novel and make such a bad movie out of it. Not only was the dog the best actor, he had the best lines and best stunt double. If you like dogs, people, or just plain good movies, do not waste your time on this stinker. Even the beautiful scenery and Primo's best efforts can't save this one.
Groovy cartoon to trip out to in beginning and not much else. In this future 70s space sod, big forehead man goes throughout the movie doing various things which aren't important. Plus, he really hates drinking rocket fuel. High point includes fighting in zero gravity and when everyone is killed when the airlock opens (just kidding, though wish it happened). Cringe in horror and feel tension during the moon transport scene. Will the man and the girl make it? I hope not.
Vincent Price was, as always, splendid in this movie. Unfortunately, he's only onscreen for about 5 - 10 minutes. Everything else about the movie is boring and hackneyed. Its one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Strike that, it _is_ the worst movie I've ever seen, and I've seen part of Battlefield Earth. It'd get a big fat 0 in my book, except that rating isn't a choice and any movie with Vincent Price should get at least a 1.
It's simply, one of the worst movies I have ever seen! It is hard to believe people put money, and agreed to participate in such a puerile film. This is a completely flawed 'after the end of the world' film - badly acted, with cheap effects, and a horrible filming. Nothing to keep you watching it, excepting the fascination of how worse it can get. And it gets worse, as you watch it! Avoid it! 2/10 on my personal scale.
Eric Rohmer, the great filmmaker, tries his hand at the kind of film that is everything that a Rohmer film isn't. Gone is the New Wave Modernism; the natural settings, hand-held cameras and dialogue that captures the quintessential nature of being human. Replaced instead with dowdy costumes, unmoving camera, and formal sets. Perhaps the original German flows with eloquent charm, but the English subtitles seem to have been translated by school children. Merchant Ivory this isn't, and neither is it Rohmer.
While vaguely historical,i.e., the Mormons were persecuted and Brigham Young did lead them to Utah; this film is very inaccurate in portraying that history. The production quality is poor, splicing in badly color-tinted black and white stock footage and clips from the 1940 Brigham Young to show the westward trek and cricket plague. The acting of the minor characters and bit players runs from adequate to exceptional, but to say that the acting of the leads is pitiful is more than kind.
I've always hated Campion films. They're overrated and tedious beyond belief. This is no exception. She takes an interesting premiss and a talented actress, and makes an awful film. It's attempts at humour were awful. The supporting cast were pointless and dumb beyond belief. No sexual chemistry existed between the leads. And what is it with Keitel, everytime he either strips or acts or Campion he's awful. It's only saving grace is that it's not as bad as "The Avengers".
Matrix meets Kafka meets Eyes Wide Shut. On a budget. Without the cool. This is a painful film to watch, which unfortunately, I think was the intent. Take away the fact that the film has a very interesting Philip Dick type of premise and some very clever directing (the sound practically carries the movie!) and you are left with cryptic dialogue, shallow (but spooky) characters, kinky sex and an occasional beheading. Good enough for Sundance. But who wants to see this, really?
I really liked the first movie. It was cool, it was violent and the twist was really fun and unexpected. This movie is nothing like it. Fact is that this movie just stinks. Please do me a favor, if you're thinking of renting this movie, think again. The very uncool camera angles and quotes like "Come here you sexy bitch" just makes you think that the movie is made by some sort of primate with the brain the size of a peanut.
As fresh in a tired genre as the original 48 Hours was, this movie really sucks. Is a top-five exhibit for the contention that Hollywood's standard for enjoyable and believable scripts is (inexplicably) far lower for sequels to successful movies. Some of the worst movies in Hollywood history are sequels to some of its best films - start with this and include Halloween II(may be the worst major movie ever made), Jurassic Park II(ditto), the Beverly Hills Cop rehashes(shiver), Caddyshack II. Yecchhh.
Come on. If you're watching this movie, you can't expect too much. Two words: POLLY SHORE. Watching this movie now, you can see how ridiculously dated it is. It was released in 1995 to capitalize on the world's fascination with the OJ Simpson trial. 10 years from now, is anyone going to know what the one-liner "Say hi to Judge Ito!" means?? It's not the absolute worse thing I've ever seen, and there are some mildly funny bits here and there. 3/10
I don't know where to begin. Darryl Hannah's performance was the true highlight of this film. Jonathan Taylor Thomas was very mis-cast and the audience laughed every time he came on screen, trying to play the bad boy. He just didn't work in the role. The plot was thin. Poor editing and continuity. I really couldn't recommend this film. If you want a good film to recommend to a gay/bi/questioning youth I would suggest Beautiful Thing or Get Real. Far superior films...
This film is a classic? What you been smokin' girl?! I decided to give this movie a 2 star rating out of 10 because at least it is very funny. This is probably the funniest movie ever without trying. The cheesy eighties clothing that is trying to pass for street clothing of the period was great! If you like to watch movies strictly for the cheese factor and horrible acting, then this is the movie for you. Break it down Bobby Brown!
I saw the film opening day with my botha's & sistah's. There were funny moments but most of the time we were trying hard to find something worth laughing at. Maybe it was too close to the truth. The funniest moment was Cedric's mexican food problem. All the actors have done better work. Great gag: Many missed the names of the little girls; Latonya and Lasonya !!! It's not a bad film, it's just not that funny.
Not a bad movie, but since it is made by Americans, there is a lot of USA born Chinese trying to speak Chinese without much success, and it turns out to be goobledegook. Should have hired some real chinese to do the speaking parts. John Wayne's reference to "baby" makes me want to puke, it is cheesy to the extreme. Some great actions by the steam boat, unfortunately not by actors. I will not watch this film again, once is enough.
The version I saw had poor video quality and the audio was out of synch. But that's not what bothered me, I just didn't get the point. If you're going to do an adaptation then change stuff (more than just bringing Kryton in early), a genuine american take on the idea not just the script would be interesting. This is just recycled jokes, carbon copy characters who didn't suit the actors. I mean the original IS in english, so what's the point?
Man this movie is a pearl... of trash! Already the sub-title says it all: "The Terminator meets the last Mohican"... YEAH!!! Awful dialogues, awful settings, awful actors. This movie picks up all the bad sides from "Terminator" and from Carpenter's "1997", and the hero's Last-Mohican face fits like a punch in your stomach. I liked especially the cyborg looking like a man in his fifties, with mustaches and "evil" look in his eyes... this movie is a MUST for all trash lovers!
Words can't describe just how bad this movie is. I don't care that they probably spent about a buck fifty (that isn't in thousands by the way) on actually making this movie. This movie is just bad bad bad bad. I'm not sure you could find a more tragic waste of your time than watching this movie. Well, except for maybe if you watched Lust for Frankenstein. Watching both movies as a double-header might actually incite you to serious thoughts of suicide.
This movie has to be the worst film ever seen by mankind! I looked up the people that quote on the box and they don't seem to exist (I was already wondering what idiot said "A Clockwork Orange for the Nineties") The Story is simply not there; there is absolutely ZERO storyline and the acting is incredibly bad, amazingly bad, so baadd. Next to that, it doesn't make sense! All in all, go see it and redefine "bad movie" for yourself.
After the awful Foreigner & Out for a Kill I had this movie written-off before I'd watched it, thankfully it turned out to be much better then recent efforts. Lots of action, sometimes a bit overkill (how many people were shot!). I don't know if Seagal is continuing to make Eastern movies now but this was all the better for it! What was with the car on the front cover of the DVD though? Did I miss that part? :)
If it weren't for a recent viewing of the American produced version of the local comedy "He Died With A Felafel In His Hand" I would have had to say that 'Red Ryder was easily the most excruciatingly poor film I have ever seen. My nightmare scenario would be to suffer sudden total paralysis in front of a TV when this movie comes on and therefore to be unable to either suicide or destroy the television, rather than watch it again.
BOY THIS MOVIE SUCKS! I can't put my word on it, it's just CRAP! The original was at least a bit entertaining and spooky and scary and so. This ''movie'' sickens me. D-I-S-G-U-S-T-I-N-G! Almost as bad as the worst movie ever, the sequel to THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE. Please. By the way, if you like this movie you do realize that you have no taste of art what so ever? I really hope so. Bye. BOMB 0/10
I bought this movie for 5 bucks at a pawn shop.. I wasted my cash! From the looks of the box I was expecting a little gore..I guess I was expecting a horror movie. Nowhere near it. The goriest thing was a "lady of the night" with rotten teeth...watching Ben Kingsley kiss her made me feel ill. Not to mention that this movie just dragged..I thought it would never end... Can't believe I passed up Plan Night from Outer Space for this!
This film is better than Omega Code and Left Behind but was still unbelievably bad. I can't believe how bad Christian filmaking is today, it's a real shame. The acting was so unbelievably bad I didn't care if the whole world was wiped out by the anti-christ or not. All the characters completely overacted especially the ones that were supposed to be really evil ones. It was laughable. Anyone who like this film should really get out more and see real movies.
I couldn't wait for this movie to end (the other two people I was with liked it better so I couldn't leave). In the words of Jay Sherman: "It stinks". It has a few funny moments. Most of the humor is cheap sexual humor - watch any TV sitcom and you'll get the same results. Save your money at the theatre and the video store - if you're looking for funny from this Shandling flick, try Albert Brooks or Woody Allen instead.
This has got to be one of the most boring films I have ever seen. What the Last Broadcast did wrong, The Blair Witch did right. I watched this movie and waited for something to suck me in. And I waited, and waited....until the anti-climactic ending. I wanted to turn it off after about 45 minutes, but I sat through it hoping for the twist, or hoping for SOMETHING to happen, it never did, thank goodness I only rented the movie....
I saw this movie because I am a huge fan of the TV series of the same name starring Roy Dupuis and Pet Wilson. The movie was really good and I saw how the TV show is based on the movie. A few episodes of the TV series came directly from the movie and their similarity was amazing. To keep things short, any fan of the movie has to watch the series and any fan of the series must see the original Nikita.
We whine about extravagant cute foppishness by the brothers Coen, but bury straight sweet refreshing slaps in our supersilly faces like this $350,000 wonder, also generated in/from the northmidwest? Why? Superficially woman-unfriendly, but at least two females have watched it all the way through & rated it for imdb, granting an average of 8. I would go a little higher than that, but wonder how much how we REALLY seem/act/are interests us. Viewer inexperience in working class taverns may limit appreciation/recognition. A gem.
Awful, slow, boring, lacking plot, a painful experience and an utter waste of time. See it at the cheap theatre, anymore then a few bucks for this is hi-way robbery. Over an hour before anything happened that was remotely exciting. I can't express how repulsed I am by this movie. I liken it to Chinese water torture; I just wished it would end. I fear when the next poorly delivered line would come. Ruby is hot in her bikini. The only bright note.
One of the best films I have ever seen. The plot is quite appealing (based on a true story, which helps building the film "credibility"), the director excels on creating a tense mood along the film and the actors masterfully build the carachters psichological profiles. It is a movie about people, friendship, ambition and love. Five stars for the music, the actors and no words for the "finale". If you liked To Live and Die in L.A. you can't miss this one.
I don't know why this movie got so much criticism. I thought it was pretty good. Sure, the effects might not have been the best, but it was still a great movie. The original Jaws was one of, if not THE, greatest movies of all time. That's a tough act to follow any way you look at it. Jaws 3 also had some great actors, including Dennis Quaid and Bess Armstrong. You can say what you want, but I'll always love Jaws 3.
The movie is OK up until the last third which is just a redundant and long-winded exposition of the first 2/3 of the movie. Granted, the movie can be hard to follow because of the vast amounts of symbolism and somewhat confusing story line, but it becomes very clear by the half-way point. The ending is boring and frustrating. It was a kinda cool idea for a film, but it was so poorly executed that I can't recommend that anyone go see it.
I still remember this movie through the eyes of a 12 year old girl and while I may not be a good critic of quality acting & scripts, I do know that this movie has haunted me since I was 12. It must have had some good qualities but the only other reviews I've read criticized it. I started going to movies with my mother when I was 3 and of the thousands I've seen, this is one of my all time favorites.
Much was made of "Topsy Turvy" when it came out, but if it's G&S music you're interested in, there's no comparison. The Great G&S wins hands down. Wonderful Maurice Evans, even better Robert Morley, and plenty of operetta excerpts. Wish the film's color quality had held up better with time, and of course today's sound would be better, but this is still a joy to watch and listen to. Wish they had included Princess Ida and Utopia, Ltd., but you can't have everything.
I read the reviews of this film and noticed it was receiving good ratings so I decided to see it, result, don't believe everything your hear(or read). The film was slow until the ending, the director absolutely used his time unwisely, scenes that were presented in 10 minutes could of been reduced down to 3. The actors played their role and basically anything else was pretty good. But this film with a little bit more work could of a been a least decent.
This is the movie that has been cloned more times than sheep and hamsters combined. Bruce Willis shines and stars in this high tech action thriller. Everyone knows what the movie is about. Everyone knows how the movie will end. That doesn't mean that it isn't GREAT. It is the best Bruce Willis movie to date, in my opinion. Die Hard with a Vengeance was almost as good as this was. Go see the trilogy today. 3 3/4th *'s out of 4 *'s.
Gwen (Sandy Dennis) has an annoying voice and her accent just intensifies it. George (Jack Lemmon) is a whiny jerk who just can't figure things out. The entire plot was laid bare with the first problem the couple runs into and it just went downhill. A little of the dialog was witty, but the movie took far to long to get its last gag to stagger across an airplane. If you can't take dumb humor, please, do yourself a favor and stay away.
Until it was derailed by a rather disappointing ending, this was perhaps the cutest movie that I had ever seen. They are simply not capable of making this kind of film in the States...it has far too leisurely a pace to be even considered a worthwhile project in the U.S. It is just so gentle and laid-back that it won me over almost immediately, and even with the weak finish, it's still one of the finest British comedies that I have ever seen.
I honestly don't know if this movie was intentionally this bad, but my gut tells me it wasn't. As an action flick it's really quite horrible but once you watch it you'll be rolling on the floor with your sides splitting from laughter! It's hilarious! Some of the worst stunts and effects EVER, not to mention a ridiculous plot. A must rent for anyone looking to poke fun at one of the few genuinely serious movies that can be so bad it's good.
It's not often I get to see a movie that isn't 1) unbelievably complicated in psychological meaning OR 2) unbelievably complicated in futuristic technology SO I found it GREAT ENTERTAINMENT, REFRESHING, POSITIVE, AND most of all CLEAN, HEALTHY FUN! This is the best I've seen Richard Pryor star in, and the real life Horatio Alger story is a real force for success motivation, even though I am a WASP. Only the jaded and/or mean spirited would turn this one down.
I watched it on the telly just this afternoon and it had been a while since I had seen TBATB. I loved it. Douglas is brilliant and so is the rest of the cast. Turner (a mediocre actress, at best)delivers her best performance. The story is wonderfully entertaining, if not ultra-realistic. The mood is not mean-spiritted, with enough room for humour. Catch this on a saturday or sunday afternoon and you'll be spending 2 hours in joy. I give it a 9.
Yves Simoneau uses the stereotypes of Canada, the beer factory, the hockey rink, the snow-covered wilderness, as his setting to examine its relationship with its bombastic neighbor to the south. But instead of a heavy geopolitical study it's actually a hoot. He throws in opera and cross-dressing for fun, and Robbie Coltrane gives a fabulous performance that almost steals the show. Yet the entire cast hits their notes well, with the smaller parts especially shining. Beautifully shot, it's a gem of a film.
This film may show its age nowadays but I recently bought it on DVD on the back of one viewing I made back in 87 and it is STILL awesome. Charlie Sheen is superb, many ask why he made this AFTER platoon but I think it was a wise move. The rest of the cast is outstanding and the final result is a masterpiece. Back then as a child I wanted a Turbo Interceptor, now as an adult I want one even more....BRILLIANT!
Well, it doesn´t make much sense and Anthony Perkins in his post-"Psycho"-mood is as one-note as a standard-villain can get. But Roger Moore - then still the reigning James Bond - as a women bashing, cold-blooded and bearded anti-terrorist expert does not just save the day but runs away with every scene he is in and eventually with the movie itself. Nothing to spoil a great evening with your closest friends for, but a pleasant joyride in case you´ve nothing better to do.
Well, in Finland this movie is oddly called Executor, though that isn't a Finnish word. So, this tv-movie is very bad. The scenes are made very poorly and some scenes are so funny, especially when one female robot takes her hand and starts to beat with it. The scene where David Bowie's "Ashes to ashes" plays, the angel wings come on the the lead character, that scene is so stupid! I would give this * star out of **** (1 out of 10).
"The Living End" is definitely not for everyone. But for those who can appreciate its audaciousness and free-wheeling spirit, this film offers bountiful rewards. The two leads are very attractive and play together with remarkable compatibility. They're right in tune with the director's amoral consciousness, and act the heck out of their roles. The "home movie" look to the film contributes to its quality. To me, "The Living End" is a gem of a low budget effort, brimming with vitality and youthful vigor.
This film is nonstop action, foul language, sex and drug use. And the action was not the kind of mindless blow stuff up that I like. And the sex was too kinky. Whips. Leather. And every other word was f this and f that. The lead character Puck seemed nice enough. But all the other kids in the movie were degenrates...every last one of them. It was disgusting. Call me old fahsioned. But what does any of it have to do with cooking?
Krista Allen and Paul Michael Robinson are on FIRE! In this particular episode it is about Emmanuelle (Allen) trying to teach Haffron (Robinson) about sex on planet Earth. Throughout the episode Haffron goes around to different woman and gets sex. The star of this episode is Paul Michael Robinson. Also with a great supporting cast (that all get's naked) including Reginald Chevalier, Kristen Knittle, Jack Lawson, Jane Stone, and Melisssa Mead. *****/***** for sex. *****/***** for the stars. **/***** for plot. ****/***** OVERALL!
Quite simply one of the best movies ever (of the genre). The special effects are great. The story is great. The acting is great. The characters are great (and very believable), which make you really care about what happens to them. Most movies at the grosser end of the horror genre (including Cronenbergs) usually have such poor characterisation that I simply don't care about what happens to them - this movie is very different. Probably Cronenbergs masterpiece.
I think this is a GREAT film, and a wonderful piece of artwork. A very touching story between Lara and her parents. By the end I was weeping I was so touched ( and I don't cry easily at movies ). The Deaf culture is one very few of us take time to understand, but I think through films we can at least try. I HIGHLY recommend this film to anyone who is interested in Deaf culture, or just a great foreign film.
Hilarious comedy of disaffected youth in Korea. Stylish and action packed (and a close second to Glengarry Glen Ross in the most swearing stakes). Bored again after their first attack on the gas station our 4 heroes return and start running the place with the staff held hostage - the situation begins to go out of control after run ins with the local gangsters, the "delivery boys union" and the cops. If this film comes within 100 miles of you don't miss it!
A crooked doctor. A bootlegger hero. A heroine who socks people. Child abuse! Drunkenness! Gun-pointing! You can really tell this one is pre-Production Code. (The shady physician's pronounced facial tic will remind many Canadians immediately of a certain discredited Olympic sports doctor.) Barbara Stanwyck is good in an early role, and Joan Blondell, well, what a shameless scene-stealer. Then there's those subjective camera shots from inside the careering ambulance! Whoa! It's just like "Cinerama"! Grab onto something quick
"Heart", a lean and taught psychodrama, peers into the life of a heart transplant patient as a strange and aberrant relationship develops between him and the heart donor's mother. An excellent film for those into razor sharp, no frills drama, "Heart" qualifies as an under-rated "sleeper". The film's only deficits are (on the DVD version I watched), mediocre video quality and poor sound with no English subtitles or CC. I listened to it via headphones so as to not miss a syllable. (B+)
A free afternoon, a few bucks to go see a movie, some good friends by my side, and I made the regretful mistake of going to see "Cats & Dogs." As you have probably devised, I did not like the film...at all. I found it overly childish, and frankly unbearable. Juvenile humor is occasionally acceptable for adult viewers, but not in this case. "Cats & Dogs" is really a "must not see" for everyone. I gave it a well-thought-out 2 out of 10.
If this movie only had Meryl Streep going for it it would be excellent. But the performances by Kevin Kline and Peter MacNicol enhance the awesome portrayal by Ms. Streep, of a woman faced with a series of difficult choices, one of which should be unimaginable, but sadly is not. In my 40+ years of moviegoing I have not seen a finer actress than Meryl Streep. A word of warning, make sure you have your crying towel before you watch this excellent movie.
Forget "Goodfellas" Forget "King Of New York" Forget "Casino" And YES Forget "The Godfather" The Long Good Friday makes them all look TAME. Without doubt the most convincing and realistic mob movie there has ever been. Bob Hoskins takes total and utter control and the man IS Harold Shand within the first moment you see him. When people ask me what is your favourite movie I have no hesitation when naming The Long Good Friday. Watch it, you'll see what I mean mate.
This movie reminds me a lot of Sam Peckinpah's Straw Dogs. It's the story of a pacifist pushed to violence. The premise itself is intriguing and the movie is interesting. What is lacking is a solid leading man. I love Charles Bronson, but he's too old for this movie and too wooden. The story is a bit tiresome and never really satisfies the viewer. Still, if you're a vigilante fan, check out Chuck and his sock full of quarters.
One of the best if not THE best silent or "purely graphic" comedies ever made. Yes I am a huge Keaton fan, but no one can doubt his influence after watching Harpo Marx, Jackie Chan or Jim Carrie. How Mr. Keaton could transform his artistry from Vaudeville to the big screen is more of a tribute to his genius . You might not like the trains or the ragtime music but you'll have to appreciate the situational and physical qualities of this film.
A Perfect Murder is spell-binding until the horror movie cliche ending. This film is very tight and the more you pay attention you can see the characters working things out with the audience. It's a near miss for me, but the film just left me empty at the end. I will say that Michael Douglas enjoys playing a villain in this movie so much that you can see a smile in his eyes at the joy of being utterly evil. Worth a look.
A romantic movie, with the O'Connell's usual humor. If you liked Tomcats, you'll LOVE this movie. Amazing twists and turns with an overall awesome romantic storyline of what love and everything about love really is about. Ryan Reynolds (Van Wilder) was, as usual, a great comedy actor, and we got to see his oh so nice butt, again in this movie! Kept me in a laughing riot, as well as a romantic 'aawww' feeling. All in all, I would definitely recommend this movie.
This was my sleeper of the year. Little attention was given a film about a kid searching for God after his grandpa dies. Yet young Joseph Cross will win your heart as he starts what could be a terrific career. The film is hardly perfect but is so different from most other films and how can it be so funny. Well it is. Sometimes films work & some don't. If more people saw this gem of a movie, then more would love it.
This type of comedy definitely isn't for everyone. This is very corny, but its SUPPOSED to be that corny, which is why some people will love this and others will hate it with few in between. Lloyd and Harry are idiots who constantly tease, prank and make fools of themselves throughout the whole movie. Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are perfect in these roles. If you like corny movies that are full of one-liners and laughs, this is the movie for you!
This Daffy Duck short is similar in style to Chuck Jones' Road Runner shorts with its unique backgrounds and fast moving gags. I especially like the scene in which Daffy uses his buck and a quarter quarter staff. Also very funny is the character design of the rich traveler Daffy attempts to rob. The unique shape of this character and his horse combined with the way they prance across the screen is a hilarious visual. This is among the best Daffy Duck shorts.
Great Movie!!! I am a member of a danish Tolkien society, and I am the only one there, who has seen the whole thing. That in itself says alot (Almost everyone has watched a 14 or so hour finnish series based on The Hobbit (without subtitles)). It never siezes to amaze me, how horrible some people are at making movies. The real laugh comes from realizing that someone took the project serious when they shot it! It's almost better than Monty Python!
This movie was a terrible mistake. The beginning is promising (Hopkins explaining his philosophy to reporters while using one of his contraptions), but the script goes nowhere. An otherwise admirable cast looks like they are trying to do something with it, and might have had a good time making it, but Alan Parker just didn't know what he was doing. I've seen other of Parker's films - admired many of them - and am just stunned at how badly this was put together.
With direct to video, you always have lowered expectations. So this one really grabs you. Good to see Michael Rooker playing a Good Guy. Thats part of what works. He has that capacity to turn evil at any moment. An as-kicking, devil-whomping priest! Again with this type of movie you don't expect the best special effects, you have to appreciate the sense that people cared enough about this story to do it as well as they did it on a button buget.
What a musical masterpiece that movie is. Just listen to the variety of songs and styles provided by Bette Midler and the rest of the cast. But the story has it's downside. Too many subjects, too many levels, and the make up department didn't do their best job when giving Midler and Caan the "age" look. It's too plastic. But Ms. Midler still is a great singer / actress under the bad make up, so I can still recomend this movie. Bring tissues!
Not their greatest film, but not bad at all. I prefer this one to At the Circus or Room Service. Some would object to the obvious ethnic humour, but in all it's quite silly and mild. Margaret Dumont proves she still has it, Groucho is sharp, Chico's shooting keys and Harpo is, well, Harpo. If you have more than a passing interest in the Marxes, give this one a shot. Best Line: Groucho, "This dress is actually red, but technicolour is sooooo expensive."
The IMDB plot summary erroneously makes it sound like it is Noah Taylor's movie, when Fairuza Balk is the central character. It is unbelievable how such a cast of established actors could have been in such an amateurish, pointless, non-movie. Balk breaks up with Boyfriend Taylor, sleeps with the Devil (I guess - played by Dempsey), and accidentally kills Taylor -- who follows her about for the rest of the movie as a ghost. May be the worst movie I have ever seen.
I've been a fan of YB for as long as I have JC, it's hard to believe he's never quite "made it" in the same way as JC & SH. In my opinion he's as good at fighting , acrobatics and stunts as JC & SH put together and that's saying something. I'm a huge fan of JC & SH. This movie is perfect for Yuen. He's able to shine in his own right with some unbelievable moments of genius! SEE IT NOW!
Yesterday, an thrilling, exiting, sinister science fiction movie fresh out of Korea. I do agree that i`ts kind of hard to keep track with the plot, but once you do get its a genius idea that confronts the ethics concerning cloning and gene manipulation. The action scenes are a mere feast with fast moving handheld camera. It has its slow moments at the end of the movie, but cleverly used to reveal the "truth". Well Recommended!
This was the most touching movie, I loved every thing about it. I find it very hard to believe this movie has been taken out of circulation. I know its out there somewhere. My husband and children deserve to see this movie,and I've vowed to find it somehow. The actors,the music,the script were all exquisite and I can remember even as a young person the profound effect it had on the way I viewed and still view the value of life.
I had to review this film here, as terrible as it is, just because all of the other reviews were positive. This movie is positive, positively terrible. I saw it in 87 and loathed it then, and I'm absolutely sure that it is just as bad now. Bad acting, bad jokes, bad premise. Not funny. I could go on, but it's not worth the effort to write about. The IMDB ranking of 3.7 says it all. (and it's too high, I tell ya)
Nick Ray's 3rd film (I believe); his first with Bogey. Bogart is a lawyer and although his part is written a bit hokey, he convinces in the part. Mostly told in a conventional flashback like "A Woman's Secret". Good acting, decent photography. George Macready is excellent as well as the scarred, evil, but ultimately vindicated prosecutor. Though it has some melodrama of the forced variety, it manages to convey a sense of the rough edges around the conventional truth. No real heroes here.
I love all of the quirky parts in this movie! One of the best scenes is when Charlie (Meyers) is watching "A Current Affair" while using a theighmaster! Charlie's dad (also Meyers) is hilarious with his outrageous Scottish accent and rude personality. And Rose, Harriet's strange sister, is funny when she offers to make a wonderful breakfast for Charlie. The last 20 min aren't quite up to par with the rest of the film IMO, but over all I gave it 8/10 stars.
The first Bruce Lee documentary that tells the real story behind one of the most fascinating men of the 20th Century. For fans of Lee or martial arts it is absolutely unmissable. There is so many awful movies/documentaries out there that take advantage of Lee's name to make some money, it's great to see a documentary that's true to the great man. If you enjoy this, I recommend you read the Lee's biography 'Fighting Spirit', the author of which is Bruce Thomas.
Mississippi Burning is one of those titles that despite knowing that it is apparently a modern-classic, I have put off seeing because of the average video cover. Finally, I took the plunge and boy was it rewarding. An inspired story, cracking dialogue, witty humor, Oscar winning cinematography and brilliant acting, especially by Hackman, makes Mississippi Burning a must see. Go rent it now. The Good: The fight between Hackman and Dafoe (shown at 2003 Globes) The Bad: The KKK 9/10
I really enjoyed this movie. It didn't always seem like it knew what it wanted to say about fame but I thought it was consistently funny. I especially liked the cast. Nat DeWolf and Laura Kirk are quirky and sincere and very funny as a result. I also like some of the supporting, non-celebrity roles. In particular I like the casting director of the commercial and the guy at the party who gets outed accidentally. There's a lot of talent in the film.
This is simply one more extremely bad vampire flick that occupies space in the "Horror" section of video stores. The notion of "plot" barely even punctures this movie. But Dennis Miller is, well, Dennis Miller. It is only because of him that I rented the movie, and only because of his wry, sarcastic comments that I finished watching it. If you're a Dennis Miller fan, then perhaps you should see Bordello of Blood. But don't rent it for its horror value--there is none.
Yes, the nosy Ms. Fletcher has returned for another murder mystery. When presented with roundtrip tickets to Ireland to attend a reading of an acquaintance's will, Jessica Fletcher discovers just what the prospect of finding treasure will do to people. The made-for-TV film was corny and pretty flimsy to solve, and it was quite a joke to see the immediate transitions of some of the characters. The ending was also quite abrupt, but the film managed to remain at least somewhat entertaining.
I have seen this film a number of times, most memorably at the Nederlands Film Museum, Vondelpark, Amsterdam, to live accompaniment. When seen with such accompaniment, the film is a delight to watch, with the film and music and live sound effects making a real evenings entertainment. A classic silent movie with all fun of the fairground. A fairy tale which is enriched by the style and presentation of the times. Fairbanks plays an excellent thief full of mischief and daring.
In the midst of a wasteland of "Millionaire" and "Friends", I finally started to watch television again. I record it every week, and I'm over 30. The writing is brilliant and it is THE most talked about show at my office water cooler. Definitely the prince on the frog network. Unfortunately, looks like the WB isn't capable of marketing a show properly or standing by one long enough to build an audience. Just want to say thank you to the forces behind Popular.
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai has withstood critical blasting and a studio that tried to kill it to become one of the quirkiest little cult films in the past 20 years. Stocked with a cast of actors and actresses who were all on the verge of becoming big, "Banzai" is just plain fun. A pulp character that was never printed in pulp magazines brought to life, a Doc Savage for the 80's, Buckaroo is something you watch for pure enjoyment, not personal enlightenment.
i 've read some very bad reviews about this movie.. but hey people.. this movie isn't about a great storyline etc.. It's just about some entertainment... but i would suggest to watch this movie if you like Indiana Jones and movies comme ça.. if you don't, then don't bother to watch this one... to those who saw the first two a long long time ago all ready.. You must love this one too.. I did for sure.. go Dundee :)
I enjoyed the film, but can easily see how others might not feel as I did. When I saw the preview, I was immediately interested in the movie -- despite the fact that the preview I saw revealed nothing about the film itself. The most I ever get to learn or hear about Wales is through reading Hollinshed's histories of the middle ages. It was interesting to see a film actually set in a modern Welsh town. Besides, it was f'ing hilarious.
"The Cathedral and the Bazaar" has become a modern classic, and I enjoyed the author's appearance. I'd never seen Stallman or Torvalds on the screen, either. Totally uninteresting, possibly even devastatingly horrible and excruciatingly boring, to anyone who hasn't spent some time using and writing free software. Most of target audience probably lives in the Valley, plus a few exclusive pockets of geekdom in major cities throughout the world. You know who you are, hang your heads in shame while you watch.
Sure, this is a great movie. It has never been arrived in Italy but thanksgiving a friend studying in Iceland (thanks Ivan!), I can see it. I have found somewhat reminiscent of the atmospheres of Sergio Leone's "spaghetti-western" in this viking's REAL-life based film. And the name of director is, actually, Hrafn... Raven, of course! He has tried to destroy the viking's stereotypes typical of Hollywood, and the result is admirable and remarkably beautiful. The duel scenes are memorable... you MUST see it!
This movie is animated fantasy. It shows the mythical aspects of the arthurian legend, a world of wonder, wizards, violence - and Wagner. His music (especially from "Tristan und Isolde" and "Parsifal") appoints to the film its tragic and melancholy atmosphere. The characters are a little flat, ok, but its not a plot written by Dostojewski or Proust. Its a heroic fairy tale, remembered and told for centuries, and this film gives it a depth till the beginning of our world. SEE IT!!!
Pretty funny movie...if you like trying to figure things out...this is for you!! Starts off slow, but it has so many funny one-liners that it is worth the wait. Good performance by Oliver Platt. Funniest moment in the movie...2 guys using the urinal...one says, hey, havin' some trouble there...don't worry not everyone has it all like me.....the other replies, ok, ok, you win the pissin contest, (pulls out a gun) but I win the shootin contest (shoots off one of his balls!!) CLASSIC
Gloria Swanson and William Holden are supreme in this hard look into the dark side of Hollywoodland. Gloria Swanson as the insane Norma Desmond, a mad silent movie star languishing in her old mansion surrounded by reminders of her glory days, and William Holden as a bitingly cynical screenwriter playing gigolo to Swanson while carrying on an affair with nice reader Nancy Olson is great. The other scene-stealer is Erich von Stroheim, who plays Swanson's fromer husband and director, and now her butler.
What can I say about Troma and Decampitated? This film was so BAD! Bad in ways you would want to eject the tape during the first 20 mins. The cover is a good lead-on. You think it's a horror flick, but needed it is another Troma rip-off. The writing is BAD, some of the jokes are funny but then it gets old quickly, and the killer, concealed by a bee screen, can actually be seen! Avoid this one... unless you like cheap-worthless comedy.
This is no Spy Game. Picked this movie up by mistake. From the half of the movie I watched, Bill Pullman appeared to have done this film just to pick up a pay check. Maybe if you live in Finland and there is nothing else to watch but reindeer and snow this film will hold your interest. In my case watching a glacier is more interesting then this film. The film Spy Game (no "S") with Redford and Pitt is the favored film.
Oh, I hate this type of movies. The European (Italian) background was just a fake. It had nothing to do with the story. Gilda Mattei thought she was smart and sensitive and blah blah but she was actually a low IQ self-centered kid. The film is terrible because it shares no feeling about the real world that is much deeper and wider that can be beyond the imagination of the poor director. 2 out of 10 for some of the camera works.
This movie seemed like it was written by someone who had seen too many "spring break" movies of the 80's, yet they wanted to do something "serious" -- no gratuitous sex/nudity, etc. Honestly, the only reason I watched this movie was because Mark Harmon was in it - for like 3 scenes. I always wonder why celebrities would appear in such bad movies. Hard to believe that Mark Harmon is THAT hard up for work. Maybe this was a favor to someone?
I watched this movie because of the fond memory I had kept of it when I watched it when I was 12 and that peplum movies were my favorite genre. Needless to say, it did not look quite as good today than it did 40 years ago. It is still quite watchable, with plenty of heroics deeds, good production values and adequate acting for the genre. Steve Reeves is actually quite good in the title role and he outmuscles Arnold any time.
I nearly stopped watching this horrible movie several times while watching it. I now wish i had quit watching. This movie had horrible dubbing, horrible acting, and a horrible script. The story was stupid! The effects were just... bad. I don't see what people could like in this movie. I noticed it trying to rip off ideas from other zombie movies, too. It's pretty blatant at times. Only watch this movie if you've got time to waste and you're not paying for it.
One of the worst films I've seen in a long time. At least three people I know have confessed to falling asleep during this. The ending is absolutely unbelievable I am lost for words as to how bad it was. Usually when things are this dire you can laugh about it but not in this case. The only positive thing about it was the fact that Johnny Depp realised that not all us Londoners speak the same. His East London accent was remarkable.
Pretty uneventful slasher film about a cheer-leader try-out competition at Camp Hurrah becoming a tad sour when someone starts knocking of the cheerleaders. It's kind of obvious who the killer is, and mostly, the film is full of all the horror cliches you've ever seen. McKenna's disembowelment is rather fun, but most of the splatter FX are the everyday `garden shears through the back of the head' type of thing. The end is a bit of a let down and a bit unlikely
NO redeeming qualities what so ever. Deserving to be called one of the world's worst movies. Directed by Ted V. Mikels and co-written by Arch Hall Jr. Get the hint yet? Talk about a low budget; how about NO budget. Yes, that bad. A creepy tale of a factory whose cat food transforms mild mannered felines into man-eating beasts. Trying to act in this movie are Sean Kenney, Warren Ball, Sanford Mitchell and the busty Monika Kelly. Fun to hoot and holler at!
Lame comedy that stars Tony Danza as a widowed father who freaks out when his daughter (Ami Dolenz, yes the daughter of former Monkee Micky) sports a new look. This is just an obnoxious rehash of "Who's the Boss," in which Danza also starred as an overprotective father, but in a more intelligent way. This film does very little to entertain anyone with its kiddy humor, and only people who think Ami Dolenz is attractive will be amused. 1 out of 5
With some films, (records, football matches), it's a question of hitting the right note at the right time. They may seem awful now, but you were there, and it felt good. Sometimes it's all about who you sat alongside. Before Night Falls may have been good - it was certainly depressing. I couldn't take it. Movies were our first outlet for fun. They weren't enough anymore. I'm sorry M. Please forgive me. Ron (Viewed 18Jun01. Left in tears after thirty minutes.)
Plot Summary: There is a killer among us? Who is it? It you! No It's you! Blah Blah Blah. Even the ending (my wife would not turn the channel because Brad pitt was on the screen) was painfully bad. My wife (whose favorite movie is "Children shouln't play with dead things") even was laughing at how bad this was. Now that pretty bad. 0/10 (Unless you like watching a young (seemly different facially (plastic surgery??) Brad Pitt in a tank top run around.
If you've seen the entire movie then you have a better constitution than everybody gives you credit for. The acting was, simply put, the worst I've ever seen and even the synchro was bad, well, for the ten minutes I really saw of it. Now, I could bore you with countless comment on how this movie blows but let's just simply ignore this one and move on with our life, it's better this way. And who the hell names a character Michael Dorn???
Not exactly evoking horror, but Boris Karloff is a sadistic master of an insane asylum. The charming Anna Lee lands in bad graces with the wrong people and finds herself locked away in a hotbed of madness. She is valiant in her efforts to expose the horrid conditions at the asylum. Running time is a short hour and 19 minutes full of creepy atmosphere and Mr. Karloff in top form. Also in the cast are: Billy House, Jason Robards Sr. and Richard Fraser.
Here's the poorest entry in the recent Toho Godzilla cycle. Besides being overlong by about half an hour the story is dull and, worst of all, some bright spark at Toho decided to commission a new score by Takayuki Hattori. In fact the whole movie reeks of Hollywoodisation, and it's the least 'Japanese' Godzilla film ever. (Except for that one with Matthew Broderick.) Toho came to it's senses when they moved on to Godzilla vs Destroyah and reinstated the classic Akira Ifukube cues.
Best described as the poor man's version of Total Recall. And I'm not saying that a movie needs a big budget to be good, but in this case the script, the set and the actors are poor as well. It's like the cast from 'The Bold and the Beautiful' are trying to fill the shoes of Arnold Schwarzenegger. But what I hated most about the movie was the horrible side-kick. Save yourself the time, do something useful like watch paint dry or something.
Okay, this film was alright. I didn't care for the negative Asian stereotype throughout the film, but the adventure had me interested. I gave this movie a poor rating because of the stereotypes, and the ending is Hollywood's "everything will be alright" cliche that makes you mad for watching the whole thing. Performance by Dietrich is the best I've seen it and Anna May Wong is simply gorgeous. I would recommend skipping this movie unless you are a fan of Wong or Dietrich.
Don't really like the whole hopeless sorrow thing, too black. Marrying an emotionless zombie girl as solution?! Evolution? This is just plain sick. Besides the zombie thing, it's somewhat similar to a manga I read: by the end of 21th century, mysterious illness spreads out, teenage girls suddenly becoming more and more beautiful day by day, and so as weaker and weaker, then eventually die off. End of humanity... Come on, horror film should leave some space for hope (not a twisted one).
Well it has the John Woo flair with the explosions and the classic dual Berettas but this mish-mash of a comedy/action really falls flat when it's trying to be silly. It's sort of like some screwed up manifestation of a Tarantino-flick. I don't know. It might have tried to parody hit man movies in general with the cheesy dialogue and out-of-the-blue romances between overly-cliched characters. However, all this really produces is an unfunny bore-inducing dribble that should have been shelved from the start.
I am still uncertain about how I feel about this movie. It is pretty good, except that watching it sometimes gets very annoying. Some of the dialogues aren't as much funny as painful to watch. I feel for Cage's character while wishing the movie would just end. So, after watching it all the way through once, I have decided not to watch it more than 5 times. I have time to spend on other movies than one that just is annoying to watch.
I was staying over-seas with nothing to do. As i searched through the rented room, all i found was Missing in Action. After popping it in I couldn't stop watching. I have never laughed harder at a movie since watching this. This movie was utterly ridiculous. The first scene alone made me fall out of my chair. This is the cheesiest and fakest movie EVER! I'm not saying it's even decent as a movie, at all, but it sure is funny to watch.
I hate to disagree with everyone, but, being a true phantom phan, I have to say that this was a terrible film and a disgraceful misrepresentation of the beautiful story by Gaston Leroux. If they hadn't pretended this was a Phantom of the Opera movie, titled it something else, given our phantom a name, a few minor changes with the plot, I may have liked the film and afterward said "Hey, parts of that kinda reminded me of The Phantom of the Opera."
Possible Spoilers I wanted to give this stinker a 1 but the dialogue was so bad that I laughed until I had tears running down face. "I killed you fish, my brother". "They fed the negro rum". "Come on hand, come on hand". Jeez this movie is worth it just to get a few solid belly laughs. I just couldn't take this movie seriously, it was way too cheezy. "He said". "He thought". Yes, even the narration was so bad it was funny.
Why... that's my only question, why this horrible soundtrack of a garage band with no talent , this cast ( i'm sure in some scenes reading off cards ).... why all the clichees ever seen are all in this flick ALL of them, can you one second fall for any of these caracters or actually believe in this cheezy romance. Plain horrible .. stay very very far from this movie please I beg you. There's so much excellent indie film out there. why
"The Dead Next Door" is a nearly plotless exercise in extreme gore. Certainly the entire miniscule budget must have gone into the creation of the gore effects (which are juicy, to say the least), because all the other technical aspects (lighting, visual clarity, staging of the action scenes) are atrocious. It's hard to really hate the film, because you know it means well....but that doesn't mean that you won't be looking at your watch frequently, even though it runs only 80 minutes. (*)
This is the 1hr 30min story about 4 guys that fell asleep watching a movie they never could imagine falling asleep to. Well this movie was all that it shouldn't be: 1.Good story 2.Good acting 3.Good special effects (well they weren't tha bad actually)Well anyway just a lame excuse for a movie, splatter movie, horror movie, you name it. The thing is: WE ALL FELL ASLEEP! Alright you get that? Not a good review for a movie when you can say that. 1/10
What on earth was anyone associated with this project thinking when they made this trash. It has to be the worst film I have ever seen. Their visions of the future are ridiculous and the story line is beyond redemption. The virtual reality date line, despite being a bad idea to start with, is used in the worst possible way in this film. And the first half hour is the most grueling 30 minutes anyone has the displeasure to sit through. Utter rubbish.
I saw this movie at a 'sneak preview' and i must honestly confess that I do not like films with Meryl Streep that much. This picture was the worst. Half the theatre did not return after the break halfway the film. I couldnt blame them, if this wasn't a true story there had been absolutely no need for the second half of the picture. Just before the film goes forward in time about ten years I myself was expecting the credits to appear.
It would be hard to make a film as witless as King Ralph without really trying. It's a shame, because the set-up (gauche, unclassy American takes over the stuffy British aristocracy) has good comic possibilities and Goodman is generally a fun actor to watch. Most of the problems are directly due to the feeble script and weak direction. There are no surprises and none of the comedy set-pieces are handled with any wit or skill. Avoid this film like the plague.
I read the book long before I heard about the movie, and given past history with books being translated into movies, I expected NetForce to suck but hoped it didn't. Well, it sucks big time. I was hoping for something remotely close to the book, which it is... for about 10 minutes or so, until Steve Day is assassinated. Then, after that, it bears no resemblance to the book. I was disappointed, but based on my expectations, not THAT disappointed. 3 out of 10
I had read all of the bad reviews of this film, so I didn't know what to expect. To be truthful, I thought the movie was a great addition to the Phantasm series. For all those who hate the ending being so weird and it just leaving you hanging, well think about this: ALL OF THE PHANTASM MOVIES END THAT WAY!!!!! All of the films leave you wondering "what happened next?!?!?!" I thought oblIVion was cool and just as good as the other sequels...
This Republic serial is about as good as they get. The chapter ending involving a tunnel under the river is quite memorable, as I pass through the Lincoln Tunnel every morning on the way to work. I was also impressed with the always-excellent Charles Middleton (best remembered as Ming the Merciless) as the villain. Everytime we see him in a movie, my girlfriend gasps "39013!"...which is pretty remarkable when you think about it. How many numerically-named characters do YOU remember from old movies?
This movie started slowly, then gained momentum towards the middle. However, the fact that the movie ran over two nights broke that momentum at its peak. The second part really got interesting, but then gave way to a simply pathetic ending. Playing football in the yard? Really, could it get any more sappy and maudlin? Now I hear plans for a similar movie based on the '70s. I won't make any great efforts to tune into that one if it's anything like "The '60s."
I'm a huge fan of Jack Lemmon. I loved him in the Apartment and the Odd Couple. Out-of-Towners is a timeless classic comedy in my opinion. I mean come on! Jack Lemmon in a Neil Simon story? How can you go wrong with that? There are alot of funny lines that Jack Lemmon uses that makes the movie what it is. I couldn't imagine anyone else playing the role of George Kellerman. This movie is a definte classic comedy that will never be forgotten.
This was a cute film. By far, the closest to a "film" score soundtrack that I have heard in a television movie. The songs , the score were a perfect blend. Great job and kudos to Eric Allaman. If the film had a fault, it would have been nice to see a film actor in the role played well by Brian A. Green. It would have kicked the film up another notch. A well done job by all. Something nice on the resume.
confused writing and direction wastes a promising plot, that would have played better were the sinister not larded with comedy & a banal depiction of the effects of LSD. the muddle that results has the forces of evil (a gang of vigilantes) without irony kill the anti-christ, and a few late-night benders sorting out the symbolism (and on the cutting floor finding a pace) would have done the film a world of good. entertaining; but lost within it was the potential for much more.
Unlike John Ford's celebrated cavalry Westerns, there's no humor or sentimentality in this film. It shows the grim situations and less than stellar personnel that cavalry commanders often faced. The interplay between Sergeant Vinson, Private McGurney, and Scout Pawnee is interesting and incisive. McGurney shows how a miscreant within a unit can be as great a menace as the enemy. The cinematography is excellent, paricularly during riding and water hole sequences. Worth looking at, especially for Western fans interested in the cavalry.
Unlike John Ford's celebrated cavalry Westerns, there's no humor or sentimentality in this film. It shows the grim situations and less than stellar personnel that cavalry commanders often faced. The interplay between Sergeant Vinson, Private McGurney, and Scout Pawnee is interesting and incisive. McGurney shows how a miscreant within a unit can be as great a menace as the enemy. The cinematography is excellent, particularly during riding and water hole sequences. Worth looking at, especially for Western fans interested in the cavalry.
blah....sorry but I can't jump on the Billy Crystal Bandwagon and tell everyone how great this movie was, because it wasn't really that good. Please someone find actors who can throw baseballs...I am sick and tired of watching these types of baseball movies. At least when Kevin Costner throws a baseball he looks like a ball player. But oh well maybe my expectations were too high from seeing all these great reviews. City Slickers 3* anyone...anyone...anyone?
I saw this movie in another country as "7 days." It's pretty good and Colin Gray O'Hara is totally hot! (?Spoiler?): the violence in one scene (culminating in the bathroom): we see it all second hand on video (mostly hear it), was pretty extreme by my standards. Reminded me of Al Pacino in Scarface or Paul Bettany in Gangster No. 1. All in all, though, a good two hours on Sunday afternoon. I hope we see more of Cherie Davis in the future too.
Mallrats is one of those films that very few saw in a movie theatre, but went on to become a cult favorite thanks to the home video market. It boasts a "hot, young" director and a cast of likeable characters that like to cuss a lot. Add a hip soundtrack, and you've got the complete package. For those of you 21 and older, go to the View Askew website and check out the "Mallrats Drinking Game". It makes for a good night with friends.
The plot of this film progresses very slowly especially by modern standards but the linear storyline is not really the reason to watch it. The cast brings to life a nice collection of unique personalities whose interactions are a joy to behold. Cagney is cast against type (he's not in trademark tough guy mode; he even hates to stand!). Fans of his are in for a treat and like I said the entire cast distinguishes itself. All in all a very worthwhile viewing, 8/10.
To be humorous on a low budget feature is often a very difficult task. To blend humor and horror is an even more arduous task. But director Steve Cuden does so with such imagination and creativity. With a feature that can best be described as daring, Cuden has created a jet black comedy that will chill you. With great performances and a distinct visual style, this hybrid film will thoroughly entertain and sit up and beg for repeat viewings. Definitely, check this film out!
In my opinion, Robert Duvall's performance made this story into a believable movie, and turned his character into a man of understated strength, and an admirable person. He managed to capture the mannerisms, accent, and speech syntax of his character and the region to the extent that the other actors' otherwise good portrayals appeared out of place. I'm not sure that I would have seen the movie, had I read the story first; however, having seen the movie, I want to read the book.
Lyddie is one of my favorite books for quite a while now, so when I found the film on video I decided to get it. It really recreates the mood and the theme of the book in my opinion, although as usual some details had to be omitted. Good acting, a beautiful landscape and "on theme" music really add to it. If your are looking for a good family movie which everyone in the family will enjoy, this is one for you.
This film has action aplenty. The concept is very intriguing, especially these days. It looks fantastic. Incredible cinematography. Was it 35mm? Must have been. The music is great. Oh, by the way...interesting side note...did anyone know that Marco Beltrami, who did the score for The Incorporated, just did the score for T3 with the good ol' Governor? Yes...little known fact! Isn't this Kenneth Guertin's first feature, or at least the first one registered on IMDB? Not too shabby! Big future ahead for this guy.
The best of the four Matt Helm films featuring the most entertaining plot, and the greatest number of beautiful women.Dean is funny as hell as usual, but it's Sharon's film all the way. Revealing a naturally funny comic ability, Sharon is an adorable doll, clad in unbecoming clothes and non-flattering eye glasses, before revealing the legendary Tate beauty in the memorable final scene. This film, along with Valley of the Dolls, revels the enormous potential of the tragic beauty.All in all, a good show.
Clive Barker's short story is successfully transported from a run-down British housing estate to a run-down Chicago housing estate... The Candyman himeslf could so easily have been made into another Freddy Kruger but instead has been given a certain dignity... you can almost feel sorry for him. Like many of Barker's "monsters" he can be bargained with but you may not quite get what you expected. More slickly made than Hellraiser but lacking that films sense of decadence. Well worth seeing nevertheless... 8/10
I simply love this film. The five main characters are just gorgeous. Sure this movie is badly acted, but its lots and lots of fun. Rent it and you'll see how the director exploits the babes' bodies. IT HAS LOTS of nudity, some blood, barely dressed chicks shooting each other, a lot of screaming and a really high sense of fun. I am proud to say I own a copy of this film and its one of my favorite slasher movies from the 90's.
most astonishing of all is how this project ever attracted the energy and resources to get off the ground, on the page, on set, on the screen, on to dvd (with such lavish treatment from Columbia-TriStar)! Sure, it's sooo intentionaly HIP - the somber, muted, shadowy gungy urbania, a course of visual cult cues and obvious references kept me sighing and rolling my eyes... and wishing for some tension, some engagement, some smart dialog...YIKES! Sadly, almost two hours of this lifetime I'll never recover.
The movie is excellent, it's a pure reality! What's more, i think that these a******s from RTS ( Serbian TV and radio broadcast ( controled by Milosevic )) didn't even knew that they were digging the grave for themselves when they have invested the money in the movie! I want to say that "The Wounds" are the best movie recorded in Yugoslavia last year, and that everything in it is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me God!
Sure, it's hokey, brash, and fairly simple. It's a living *cartoon*! The songs and jokes are very dated ... which is fantastic! Li'l Abner is actually a fabulous political satire from the 50's. Not only that, but thankfully Michael Kidd's original athletic choreography from Broadway has been captured for posterity. And, hey. Any film that features Valerie Harper, Beth Howland, and Julie Newmar before they were stars ... plus Leslie Parrish (author Richard Bach's wife!) as Daisy Mae ... jeesh. It's a national treasure!
Because we live in an age of excess, modern moviemakers seem obliged to reflect this in their overblown remakes of old films. "A Perfect Murder" is an excellent example of this, as the number of devious characters is increased and the body count is higher, and the denouement which in the original saw a wily police detective resolve matters now has one of those endings in which the heroine puts herself in danger. DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS. IT IS A WASTE OF TIME.
A great film, as soon as I saw it it made my top 10, I see almost every mexican film that comes out, and this is close to a masterpiece, the story is a little cliche, but it has a good screenplay, and the photography is just wonderful, and includes camera effects that are new in the mexican film industry; The soundtrack also integrates perfectly to the story, and is reduced to mostly mexican artists. Possibly one of the best films of the year.
...that should have been this great films title. Reb Brown rocks, its amazing that in the time of dinosaurs, they also had hair bleach. These "horrible" Italian made films are a great way to see how Italians viewed American culture, for instance the theme song, sans the lyrical content that very well could have been preformed by any of the great American hair bands. Reb please make a sequel or prequel. This 10 line minimum is killing me here!..... seriously....................................................... .................. ..................... .......................... .............................
Yor, hunter from the future is filled with bad acting, bad scripts and horrible screenplay. why do I give it such a great vote? because it's so damn funny. This movie had me wiping tears away in laughter. Reb Brown has a unique way of looking stupid in almost every scene of this film. His goofy smile is enough to just crack me up in a minute. The music to this movie is spectacular. I give it 3 thumbs up! A must see...
Critics and fans alike can rejoice with this, the newest feature from Germany's master of low-budget scares, Andreas Schnaas. ANTHROPOPHAGOUS 2000 is nasty, gruesome, and just completely sickening, but certainly fun to watch. Filmed with completely professional actors and in some gorgeous locations, its really true that Andreas has taken leaps and bounds in filmmaking. This worthy remake of THE GRIM REAPER could use only one thing - a U.S. release! Maybe then, fans could see the beauty of some true German madness!!!
This film chronicles the 1970 Isle of Wight Rock Festival from behind and on front of the scenes. Incredible concert footage of Hendrix and Jim Morrison (both of whom died just after the festival) as well as numerous other pop, folk, and rock artists make this film wonderful just as a concert video. Even more revealing, though, is footage of the festival's production and management, including riots, rebellious patrons, break-ins, and mordant commentary on why rock festivals don't happen anymore. Beautifully paced and edited.
Not their greatest film, but better not bad at all. I prefer this one to At the Circus or Room Service. Some would object to the obvious ethnic humour, but in all it's quite silly and mild. Margaret Dumont proves she still has it, Groucho is sharp, Chico's shooting keys and Harpo is, well, Harpo. If you have more than a passing interest in the Marxes, give this one a shot. Best Line: Groucho, "This dress is actually red, but technicolour is sooooo expensive."
I had a chance to see "The Item" and was pleasantly surprised. This film combined the aspects of other Blockbuster films (like PULP FICTION) and the twist is that it does this while making fun of itself. It was well acted, the lead actress was superb and her character was refreshing (think La Femme Nikita only brunette and Latina). Entertaining aspects like Drag Queens doing martial arts in pumps are still making me laugh. In short this flick is KOOL.
Has anyone noticed the similarity of Grady to Shangri-La? The airplane crash brings Conway to the lamasary of Shangri-La; a car smash brings Ben Stone to Grady. Both find a world in which they can function apart from their 'chosen' capitalistic professions. Unlike 'Witness', 'Doc Hollywood' does what we all would: find that entrance to Shangi-La and never look back! Who, even a Yankee, could leave Grady? Who, even an Englishman could leave Shangri-La? A great movie! -30-
This is Citizen Kane of the melodrama genre. Its has love triangles, obsessive woman, older husband, suspected wife murder, abusive lover, bitchy step-daughter and a psychiatrist that tries to make sense of all this. Its over the top but you'll be so into it you'll think you're viewing a documentary. Watch for the line: "The mathematical chances of you killing me are very slim...". It doesn't get better than this! By the way, the entire story is told with the help of truth serum.
To start, this is HILARIOUS. Although some of the jokes may be grotesque and stupid, you can't help but crack up. Jim Carrey's rubber-like face is funny on its own, but add great jokes and it's perfect. The acting is mediocre, and the story is...well...basically just put there to carry along the jokes. This is the ultimate highlight of Jim Carrey's career, and his funniest. This is the funniest movie of all-time, with "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" in a close second. 9/10
This is an excellent movie with cute songs and more good acting and voices. Despite the fact that Robin Williams does not do the voice of the Genie, it is still a cute movie and good to show your children. Also, it teaches some good morals about friendship and love and should not be criticized. Just because it is not a stupid horror movie or some stupid movie like Snowwhite does not mean it is not an excellent movie to most people and children.
This got to be on of the worst movies ever. The plot was terrible, the action scenes boring and the whole thing totally crap. Good action films makes you forget that some things are unrealistic, like having 100 bullets in a gun. This movie is not like that at all. Here it just seems silly. And the ending is crap as well. The only good thing is Lance Hendriksen who can actually act, otherwise do not waste your time on this movie.
a fabulous and sometimes painfully honest portrayal of life for a modern twenty-something man who happens to be asian american. this film is about a lot of things: sexual dysfunction, hazy identities, repressed desire, and everything else complicated and meaningful. anyone who doesn't get the real truth behind the portrayals here should take an honest second look and gauge the film outside of their own bitterness at the issues underlying it. this is an important film for american cinema, let alone asian-american cinema.
This is probably the film were the budget was best used in all cinema industry. The movie takes you all over asia, from HK to Malaisya following the trail of 2 remarkable killers. One a movie Buff who reproduces the scenes of the most famous action films like Leon or Le Samurai, the other a Cold blooded Bastard who's clean as a surgeon. there are some incredible action scenes but i miss the Ballistic Ballet of Woo or Hark. Still a very recommendable movie
This movie showed in the small cinemas in South Africa, around the time that "Love Story" was a big hit here, and I found it to be vastly superior. The more I saw it, the more I cried, until I had to stop seeing it! The music was a wonderful addition, and I was lucky enough to be able to buy a long-player with the soundtrack, which includes Cristina Raines reading from her diary. Brings it all back. Should be on video for purchase.
Once again, its got to be another horrible film creeping to the shelves of a video rental store near you. Why the heck ever bother checking out this garbage? It has everything you would expect from a crappy movie. Horrible acting, horrible special effects, brainless story line and all. If you have kids that prefer such forsaken garbage, be my guest. It can be easily compared to the horrible Carnosaur series. Looking for a good rating for this film? Look no further. 3/10
If Chabrol has any claim to be the French Hitchcock then it is surely based on this, his best film. Starring his wife Stephane Audran it is set in a French village, which helps give a profound sense of isolation to the terrible events which take place there. As with all great thrillers the fear comes through the gradual realisation of what is really happening, rather than the continuous portrayal of graphically violent acts. The sense of evil in the film is palpable. Unmissable!
It may be confusing, and it may be a bit strange, but I recorded The Christmas Martian off TV years ago - it was an instant classic! I just love the funny effects used (such as a handheld floating device which resembles a match stick!). I can't completely explain why I like this film so much, but it's just so funny! Anyone who likes stupid films (films which were intended to be for children, but no-one can understand) should definitely see this!
Actors (so runs one school of thought) are miserably malleable people who's principal talent is their ability to simply morph into their stage characters. Look no further than this movie, for a prime example of such. Martin and Lewis (ably played by Northam and Hayes), shallow folk with little real talent who through happenstance fortuitously hit the show business equivalent of the lottery, cannot handle relationships, their success, or each other. In the end, the pair's life of comedy plays out as a tragedy.
I truly enjoyed this movie. It came and went in the theaters very quickly, much to my disappointment. Tom Berenger and Barbara Hershey are excellent as a mismatched pair. They do a superior job convincing us of their relationship -- in my opinion as good as any Tracy/Hepburn team-up. The premise is slightly unbelievable, but if you suspend your disbelief you will really enjoy a fine romance/western/fantasy/adventure. The only knock I have is the excessive use of profanity for no reason.
This movie when i saw it kept me into it the whole way through. This movie had everything a true horror movie should a good story line, and great gore scenes. the ghosts in this movie were done up well and the way Lou diamond Phillips played his role as the ghosts son worked well throughout the movie. To anyone who hasn't seen this movie I would suggest watching it if you can find it. I give this movie a 8 out of 10
This movie fast became one of my favorite comedies I had ever seen. I literally fell out of my chair while watching it in the theater. If you want laughs, Norm and Dave Chapelle deliver them in bucket loads. Don't look for any great directing or Oscar worthy acting, but this movie without a doubt received ten stars from me. Devito does a great job in a hilarious supporting role. The movie takes you through a lot of twists and turns but it delivers.
I simply love this film. The five main characters are just gorgeous. Sure this movie is badly acted, but its lots and lots of fun. Rent it and you'll see how the director exploits the babes' bodies. IT HAS LOTS of nudity, some blood, barely dressed chicks shooting each other, a lot of screaming and a really high sense of fun. I am proud to say I own a copy of this film and its one of my favorite slasher movies from the 90's.
An excellent, contemporary, chilling look into the clash between art and Hollywood, soul and the devil, love and internet sex. A truly adult movie created with sharp writing and intelligent characters. This is exactly the kind of movie I want to see. These characters are struggling in today's world with today's challenges. Discussion of many serious themes: art, mainstream, selling out. Phenomenal acting from Patricia Clarkson and Campbell Scott. The cinematography is very interesting. Deeply, pleasurably, joyously disturbing. Don't miss.
Peak Experience brings together some quirky and intriguing characters for a ride of their lives. They are diverse and attractive, and even balanced and likeable. The setting is gorgeous and production values are relatively high. The let down is the bizzare sci-fi twist to the story that really de-rails any hope of a satisfactory resolution to the conflict between the characters. This element to the story is entirely unnecessary and ugly. A real shame as the film would otherwise have real appeal and market-ability.
Buckaroo Bonzai is not a movie for everyone. I thought it was great fun, myself. It is sort of a Doc Savage spoof. It doesn't even take itself too seriously, but the humor in many places is very subtle. If one was not familiar with Doc Savage or any of the other pulp heroes, then that person may just look at the movie and wonder what it was about. But for the thinking person who likes some subtlety in their shows, it is perfect.
Andre Braugher delivers the convincing element to carry this picture with his intensity and involvement as Cleveland. A little bloody but it had to be. The hero (Scott Wiper) gets messed up worse than Bruce Willis in a Die Hard Movie. The film is long on action and direction, and if you like a lot of blood (or can get past it to see the rest of the picture) you will like following two or three fairly similar ways to die in this one.
A good action movie that will hook you on for the entire ride. The story may not be that groundbreaking or unique, but the action is well-done and the pace is very fast, a true thriller. I also like the way boomer is constantly dragged into scenario that he is totally not accountable. You can say that he is extremely unlucky, but ironically, he survived miraculously many time whereas he should be dead. I like this setting even though it has been used before.
His movies may not be the most original but they are the best. He has amazing whitty dialogue and always pics the perfect actors for the characters. This movie is essentially the same as 100 girls (hence the name 100 women) but hey when you're on a winning formula stick with it. The script and acting are second to none and the laughs are plentyful... don't be fooled by the fact it was straight to video because this movie is cinema at it's best!
I enjoyed this movie very much. It had a good, easy-to-follow story, some good action and good humor. Van Damme give's one of his best performances to date, and for the first time use's his brain and fist's instead of his martial art expertise. The chemistry between Van Damme and Arquette is very believable and you can tell that Van Damme's character really does care about the family. A very enjoyable film and believe it or not, an A+ performance from Jean-Claude Van Damme.
*** CONTAINS SPOILERS *** This movie was great. Absolutely marvellous, in fact. I don't think I have ever been so infuriated with a movie character before as I was with Wilbur. What an utter b**tard! He is funny and almost lovable, but sponges unaffected on his brother's indulgence to the point where his selfishness, as the ultimate irony, drives Harbour into committing suicide. That makes me angry. What makes me even more angry, is that up until the very end I actually liked Wilbur.
I wish the movie would make a decision as to whether to be a horror movie or a suspense thriller, instead, it can't make up its mind and ends up being neither. For the record, I guessed the "twist" of the ending 10 minutes into the movie... too obvious... It must be my misfortune, lately, none of the Japanese horror movies seems to excite me anymore. I want Ringu back! Now, that is THE way to make a horror movie.
This was a disappointing film. I thought that with Andy Lau and Rosamund Kwan in the film that it would be decent, but I should have expected to be as crappy as it was since it had Wong Jing in it. The special effects were just not up to par with Hollywood films. In addition, the supporting American cast was awful, as was their dialogue. I also could not get over how bad the English of the Chinese cast sounded. Go watch another film.
As I was thinking about what to rate this movie, I tried to come up with flaws. I couldn't. This movie is a loving look at the golden age of television comedy. It shows the process of building a television show. But it is so much more than that. It is also a comedy that doesn't miss a beat. And it is a story of redemption. My advice is to see this film and when you do, just sit back and have some fun.
One of the films I can watch again and again! The script and pace of direction allow the cast to glitter and glide through the simple plot. Great comedy drunk scenes performed by a superb Peter O'Toole. Behind all the laughter the film has a lot of observations to share about fear, love, commitment and alcohol abuse. As the end titles role I'm always left with a feeling akin to the after glow of good whiskey seeping through my heart. Bravo to all involved.
This movie, unlike its counterpart, Tombstone, is actually a good piece of storytelling. The character development of the Costner role is one you rarely see anymore in any genre, let alone an action western. Based on historical accounts that I've read, this movie is very faithful to details and does not necessarily portray the Earps in the most sympathetic light, though they are definitely the protagonists here. Though this is a long movie, it is beautifully photographed and scored and well worth the time.
This is one of those films that haunts you years after seeing it. I remember when I first saw it I was horrified. I watched it again and the violence, although horrific, was easier to get past. McDowell is creepy (as always). Quinn is great (as always). Lenz, well what can I say, acting not great, but nice to look at. The violence is extreme in a few scenes, so be warned. All in all, a pretty good movie. I give it a 7.
The first time I saw this movie, it really creeped me out. The ghostly hymn that is heard whenever something bad is going to happen is creepy as well. However, this movie is in my opinion "Very Good". You should certainly see it, and rate it yourself. I like "vintage" movies, so I enjoyed this one. It is a must see for those who like a good horror movie. Sure, it's not everyone's idea of scary, but it has its share of spooky scenes.
TDG is a very, dark entertaining movie with exceptionally talented and beautiful stars. It is engaging and very funny at parts. Jonathan Schaech proves his diversity as an actor, while Rose McGowen sticks with her usual "bitch" character as she has done in many other movies. This movie is very big on symbolism (e.g. red, white, and blue, 666 (which is also the number of times at current this movie has been rated ;), etc.), which adds a twist of things to look for.
Really well done adaptation of the play to the screen. Rather wordy as was most early 1930's films, but quite charming nevertheless. And, indeed, rather risque for its day since there is a supposition at one point that Ann Harding's character, Joan, in trying to trap William Powell into marriage, is giving pre-marital favors and is actually caught in the process. The chemistry between Harding and Powell is quite good and it is unfortunate that the two were never paired again in another film.
Unfortunately, the late, great Joe D'amato left his favorite horror format for this mixed-up caper of romance, revenge and the powers men and women hold over each other. There is very little gore here, but many relationships. This spells disaster for a Joe D'amato Pic. Obviously, Joe wanted to branch out from his usual Gore and Chicks flicks..but this bomb will put you to sleep...or hurt your finger from holding down your VCR's Fast Forward key. Take my advice, Skip It!
... Or, at least, until I stopped watching it. Lame dialogue, choppy story, and editing for which the word "cheesy" would be a glowing compliment. The acting was average at best; most of the performances were either cliche or stilted. The characters themselves were, to a person, unlikeable; I didn't care what happened to them. The movie limped along to its uninspired climax. (No pun intended, I assure you.) The word must have gone out: Give this movie good reviews; it's a lesbian flick.
First of all, this wasn't meant to be an "Amityville" sequel, it just tried to draw its audience by using that word in the title, but otherwise has little to do with what has happened before it in the series. That would be OK if they had come up with a good flick anyway - but they didn't. Do you find it a good idea for a horror movie to give away its own surprises halfway through? If not, then avoid this one. (*1/2)
Bloodeaters (a.k.a. Toxic Zombies) seemed to be a 1980's satire on propaganda such as Reefer Madness or Teenage Devil Dolls. The movie itself is toxic, but the entertainment factor delivered by such makes this movie more than what it is. I'm surprised that it is not more of a cult classic. It doesn't take itself seriously, but neither does much satire. This terrible movie is a gem simply to sit and laugh at. For this factor, we'll give it a three out of ten.
Did this movie have a point? I'm running into more and more of these movies lately where it's just a bunch of people having an average conversation with nothing interesting to say. How are movies like this allowed to get made? - better yet, how is these movies get so many stars to be in them??? The only highlight of this film was Janeane Garofolo and the nostalgic soundtrack. Don't waste your time with one. I don't see what all the hype was about.
Wow....this film......has....a lot of.......pauses! Was William Shatner the dialogue coach or something? If this movie was any slower, watching it would actually send you back in time! This is pure seventies Grade Z-movie cheese. Take it from me- a movie that includes a Maverick, a walnut ranch, multiple uses of Amazing Grace, "This is where the fish lives!", "Zaaaa!", vomiting on a car, and an extended but unsexy nude scene is to be avoided. Movies like this should come with a Surgeon General's warning!
Was it writer Tom Friedman's fault; or director Tom Kennedy's treatment? TIME WALKER makes the view want to take a walk. Sorry. Get this. A mummy from outer space is buried in King Tut's tomb over 2,000 years ago. He is let out of the tomb in California, and as he tries to find his way home, he leaves slim covered bodies all over a college campus and community. Cast members are: Ben Murphy, Nina Axelrod, Kevin Brophy, Annie Barbierei and Shari Belafonte.
This movie gives all it has to give in the first 10 minutes. Hackneyed, predictable script exacerbated by unimaginative direction and repetitive camera work. plot stalled between dull fantasy of female hysteria and a condescending out-of-touch vigilanteism. a major psychological turning point for the protagonist involves an iron and her hair style. anything good in it seemed ripped off from pretty in pink, amelie, run lola run, just to name a few. sound track uninspired (even "the wedding singer" was better in this regard).
This was not a very good movie. In fact, I thought it was one of the worst movies I have seen. I am amazed that they got as many famous people to be in it as they did. The holes in the plot were gigantic, and they left half the story merely to be told by one of the characters in a ten minute synopsis. But I would recommend people who haven't seen it to see it. Good oldfasioned flik to make fun of.
Movies like this should be outlawed, or at least come with a warning. I have never left a movie before, but this was too much. I was dry-heaving after the movie was over, and thought i was going to throw up. Not only was the theme of the story grotesque and repulsive, but there was absolutely no plot. I was going to ask for a refund after seeing this vile work, but it's not the theater's fault for letting trash like this into society.
A very short comment really, the title kinda sums it up. How the hell did this concept for a 'film' get past the numerous vetting stages of production? Why was money spent on it when people in the world are going hungry? How could they try to pass off a guy in the worst monkey suit in the world as an actual monkey? It is the most appaling, un-funny, dull, predictable piece of crap that I have ever seen in my entire life. Urgh.
This "sort of" a sequel to "Black Belt Jones" (Jim Kelly's character is referred to merely as "Jones") is far inferior. The comedy is lame, the acting mediocre and the dialogue often very bad. But there is a continuous stream of action running through the film, and Kelly shows once again that he had the stuff to be a martial-arts star (although his career was fairly brief). Plus, there are the colorful exotic locations that help you keep watching even the worst scenes. (**)
Ok don't get me wrong, I love vampire and horror films, but I have to say this is the only horror film that I've actually fallen asleep trying to watch, and not even the wonderful Robert Patrick can redeem it. The only mildly redeeming area is friends turned and still pretending to be themselves, but even that wasn't done very well Sorry, but I would only ever recommend this film to someone who has to treat insomnia, otherwise watch something else instead
This movie just falls flat. The action sequences are ok, but they quickly become boring and seem to drag on endlessly. Rodman is truly pathetic as an actor. One of this movie's main faults is that it forces you to watch him stumble through lines and pretend to have wit. The movie's premise is ridiculous and its portrayal of the "spy game" is preposterous. If you're looking for a good action film, go watch Face/Off or Ronin, don't waste your time with Double Team.
I rented this on video. Spend the first 1/2 of the movie bored to tears and the second 1/2 wanting it to hurry up and end. I didn't care for any of the characters and honestly didn't care who ended out with the money. This movie makes The Money Pit look good. John Travolta, Lisa Kudrow, and Ed O'Neil could not save this money. A great cast but a terrible movie. In rating this from one to ten I give it a low 2.
Because we live in an age of excess, modern moviemakers seem obliged to reflect this in their overblown remakes of old films. "A Perfect Murder" is an excellent example of this, as the number of devious characters is increased and the body count is higher, and the denouement which in the original saw a wily police detective resolve matters now has one of those endings in which the heroine puts herself in danger. DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS. IT IS A WASTE OF TIME.
I watched this movie on Sundance with increasing annoyance at the pomposity & pretentiousness of the characters & their vapid pseudo-"thoughts". The movie seems to be the embodiment of every negative quality Francophobes love to throw (unfairly for the most part) at most French movies. Then I discovered that it was directed by none other than Claude Lelouch, the director of A Man and a Woman, the only movie I ever slept through almost entirely (in the theater). Well, at least he's consistent.
Peak Experience brings together some quirky and intriguing characters for a ride of their lives. They are diverse and attractive, and even balanced and likeable. The setting is gorgeous and production values are relatively high. The let down is the bizzare sci-fi twist to the story that really de-rails any hope of a satisfactory resolution to the conflict between the characters. This element to the story is entirely unnecessary and ugly. A real shame as the film would otherwise have real appeal and market-ability.
***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** This is exactly what you'd expect if you gave some thick teenage boys the money to make their own film - lots of pointless violent scenes, childish sex scenes, shallow characters and the simplest story possible. Oh yes, and there's a highly original gun battle scene near the end where the hero is alone and kills about a dozen adversaries. The original bit is that all their bullets somehow miss him completely, but he manages to shoot them all dead. Inspired, eh?
The dialogue is so bad that one has to give the actors credit for somehow getting through this movie...only this one movie to the director's credit....hmmmm I wonder why! Was Faye Dunaway so desperate? The first few minutes are a stong indication of the absurdity to follow and one does get a perverse twinge of anticipation, can this movie carry on to be so bad? Yes it can...LOL...It is so bad it is good....by all means rent it, I may even buy it now..
Badly written, slow sci-fi animation story. Characters are cardboard which perhaps fits the puppet like animation. Miserable pacing of the story. Action sequences are not edited well and are difficult to follow. Background animation is miserable and often out of focus. Obviously this is a low budget attempt. The dialogue is ludicrous. They all seem to talk like Yoda from Star Wars? Why? There are good ideas here; just poorly executed. Don't waste your time. Not even worth a rental.
Movies from unreadable books for unwatchable movies was said during the movie True Romance. This hits the mark! It is more of a play then a movie. In this respect, it sould never had been made into a movie. A short play made into a long movie. At least in the moive we know they had sex, but in the play you have to guess. It is hard watching Jean act like a jurk for that long of a time. 3 out of 10
It's quite a feat to take a really good play, give it a great cast, and still manage to make a bad movie. I've liked many of Bruce Beresford's movies, but this one just didn't work. He doesn't have any sense of comic timing, so a lot of the humor falls flat. And it's a real shame because the actresses are all wonderful. They play off of each other really well, and they really feel like sisters. It's worth seeing just for the acting.
Based on the true story of Carlo Broschi, Farinelli is an opera singer from Europe, hailed for the beauty of his voice and his fine musicianship. Unfortunately for the people who love opera music, this film is a real disappointment. Since it is not about music, but about the costumes, the setting and the boring and pointless relationship between the two brothers, proving to each other they are not `gay'. Compared to Amadeus, this film is worse than a B-movie. It's a B-minor movie.
Regrettably, this is one of the worst noir films I've seen. Robert Montgomery as a hard-boiled Philip Marlowe? C'mon. His accent alone is pathetic. Luckily, with the POV technique, we don't have to see him, since he looks even less authentic. As for the supposedly wonderful, pungent prose of Raymond Chandler--it's laughable. There are so many wonderful noir films--Double Indemnity, Out of the Past, Woman in the Window, Shadow of a Doubt, etc--it's a shame this is around to drag down the genre. Sorry.
Terrible film, terribly overacted, terrible over-used plot. Although this movie sports some well known thespians, they cannot hide how utterly terrible this film actually is. Even accounting for a low budget you cannot but flinch from the attempted suspense which soon becomes repetitive, after 30 minutes I was wishing the unseen alien would just wipe out the motley bunch in one swoop. How an actor from 'the Godfather ' could associate himself with such rubbish beats me. Do not pay to see this film!
Average crime drama movie that could have been a classic if the ending was not as idiotic as presented here.Great cast with good all around production.There most probably was a FEDERAL censorship issue here which forced the producers to create the idiotic Hollywood ending.See it if only you are a big crime drama movie fan who understands movie production politics.If not,you may regret the time you spent watching this almost great but ruined movie.Fans of the lead actors will enjoy this one as well......
This is a bad, bad, bad movie. Everything abut it is bad, from the pathetic acting tot he horrid directing, tot eh VHS quality of the film itself to the nonsensical attempt at a plot. It is difficult to imagine anyone spending money to make this. It is, in fact, so bad that it lacks even the amusing badness of such dreadful classics like PLAN NINE FROM OUTER SPACE. In fact, even MST3K's treatment of this film couldn't make it even mildly interesting.
Some where in this thing called a movie is a plot. A lot like the movie "The Candidate" but with an Italian shoot 'em up twist. I watched this one because I'm a Skeet Ulrich fan, almost turned it off it was so bad but managed to hang in till the end. Beware of this one, it has continuous flash backs which add nothing and only take up time. Cut out all the manure and the movie would of only run about 30 minutes.
Inconceivable! What was the director thinking? Hmm, we're shooting on video, we have no stars, and we have a budget of 7 bucks for our martial arts stuntmen. I have an idea that will put us over the edge!!!! We'll feature tons of women with fake boobs doing aerobics....and we'll have no nudity at all!!!! It's cinema gold! People, there's a reason why you can only find this flick in a bundled DVD 4-pack at Best Buy for 6 bucks. And frankly, I overpaid.
What were they thinking? This movie's script is terrible (cliche after cliche), and it's doubtful that even appropriate actors could have rescued it. Olivia de Havilland looks about 50 here (Myrna Loy is supposed to be decades older, but they look like contemporaries), rather than the ingenue the role calls for. Compare this to Roman Holiday, made about the same time--a wonderful script, marvelously appropriate actors, and enchanting use of its location. This movie represents the worst of 50's film-making--a huge waste of talent.
I Love You Alice B Toklas may have been cutting edge social commentary in 1968 but now it looks as weary and worn out as its dramatic counterpart, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. By the time you've heard Harper's Bizarre sing the title tune for the third time you'll want to strangle 'em. Sellers is reasonably good, though he tends to rely too much on the vocal tics that were his Achilles heel throughout his career. Better than The Guru, but not by much.
They went to the bottom of the alphabet to get two bottom-of-the-barrel performances. But Yaeger is merely ineffectual. Wendt is spectacularly bad. And the pity is that the interest the viewer could have in the episode lies entirely in how well he pulls off his murder scheme. His character is supposed to be the smart and responsible brother but he cannot get past the boorishness of Normie to give us anything. As a result, this is the worst Columbo movie I have ever seen.
I never had such a good time making fun of a movie until this feature-length Hercules episode came along. Everything seemed to have been fished from the bottom drawer: lame flaming swords (gosh, could those be their attempts at light-sabres?), scrap-metal artifacts, second-rate hell-beasts, and an ensemble of clowns. All thrown in with that wannabe fantasy-epic intro. My friend and I were left with eyes watering and bellies aching from almost non-stop laughter. One of those flicks which are so bad they're actually good.
Poor costuming, Bad acting, Some OK sets, and Lame plot. Not representative of the Rennaissance in it's lack of accuracy. The fantasy portion can't even begin to pull you into the story. Bad wig on Gawain. Overall the worst movie I have seen in a very long time. All I can say is Sean Connery must have needed money very badly to act (if you can call it that) in this monstrosity. Don't waste your time!
Obviously most people didn't think this movie to be much anything special, although I tend to disagree. I thought this movie was probably one of the best sci-fi films in years that I've seen. Peter Weller (best known as RoboCop) is also a very under-rated actor who deserves some good roles these days. The only problem with this movie was the very poorly done special fx. I'm sure if this movie would have been given a bigger budget it would have done better in theaters.
Aside from everything, like Dan Aykroyd's dwindling ability to write a compelling story with good dialog, the ridiculous "say whaaa" parts, and Elwood's complete change in character, what grinds my gears the very most, is the poster, it was advertised "Aykroyd, Goodman: They're back in blue" completely disregarding the existence of the great John Belushi..... plus the movie sucked major balls if not for the music, and the kid's dance skills, i couldn't watch it.... so very sad, and unfair! OHHH SCHNICKELFRITZ!
I've heard a lot of complaints about not filming this masterpiece in color. Watch it again, and this time look at the beautiful use of light and shadow and the depth of atmosphere, especially in the night scenes. I don't believe that these effects could have been achieved with the strong lights needed for color at that time. All we need for the Olympus Ball scene is our imagination. Maybe the lack of color made us feel what was going on during that strange waltz.
The only thing about this film is the Indians, in this case the Florida Seminoles, are the bad guys. Oscala meets Coop underwater in a duel to the finish, in good early 50s Hollywood style. Other than that, it's not your usual oater. The story is OK with an aging Coop showing he's not yet over-the-hill and a young Richard Webb, later TV's Captain Midnight. Not a lot of memorable moments here but nevertheless fun to watch. Cooper was always worth the price of admission.
At times a little slow, but an above average TV drama with thrills and suspense. This psychological passage is about a private eye(Mark Harmon) and the woman(Mimi Rogers) who hires him to find her missing husband(Cliff De Young). Very watchable and personally I liked this a whole lot better than PROOF OF LIFE(2000)which is more or less the same story. Harmon is cool without trying to be macho. Miss Rogers is flawless and to die for. In support: M.Emmet Walsh, Paul Gleason and Michael Boatman.
Like the little furry guys themselves, this is a movie with a very promising start that ends up nowhere fun. Axton picks up meek creature, unaware of consequences if simple handling instructions are ignored. End result is a bunch of little monsters that terrorize small town. The intro is fine, Phoebe Cates looks spectacular, and some of the initial monster action is amusing. But like too many in the Spielberg/Lucas action-fantasy genre, film is gory, unpleasant and mean-spirited when the going gets tough. Not recommended.
Now, the previews made this look like a very interesting movie, a bit raunchy, and a bit sexy, but all in all, it sucked out loud. I did not laugh, nor did i crack a smile. Comedy central is my favorite channel, but they did not suceed in making a origial movie, and i question my loyalty to this channel. If you want raunchy, hilarious fun, then i would suggest you watch the man show, which airs a new episode every sunday at 10. 1/10
A beautiful story of a little boy's love and faith in his father set during a time of great shame for all mankind. A lesson we still revisit now! Good acting etc but the script dragged at times and I would have liked to know more about the other characters that came and went.Who was the character that was shot and then nursed by the boy? A polish freedom fighter or a Jewish man on the run? Why was the Doctor arrested? etc etc. 7/10
I rented this film because of Angus MacFadyen, who did such a great job in "Cradle Will Rock." I am also very impressed with his work here. "Cranes" is a story about the many complicated facets of coming out, keeping secrets, sharing life with others, and being true to yourself. It has a richly thoughtful plot, and some of the sweetest love scenes I've seen. It's definitely a must see for gay/queer/rainbow folk, and those who want to understand a little more about coming out.
Hilarious and touching in equal measure, this romantic comedy stars Jill Clayburgh in a comeback that really deserves that overworked word and Jeffrey Tambor in a leading role that redefines the definition of a leading man. The direction and writing by Eric Schaeffer is wonderful, there is a supporting performance by Bill Duke that soars, and for dessert there is the single funniest slapstick comedy sequence since the days of silent films. Jill Clayburgh the second coming of Buster Keaton??? Sounds unlikely...sounds incredible...but it's true.
Where do I start this film hit me like a suckerpunch, a mate of mine threw it on and all I knew and needed to know was that Malcom McDowell was in it. Well whoever plays his younger counterpart is the most evil I have seen on the screen in any movie for a long time. Scarface and Snatch are comedies compared to this. Style, substance and slit throat violence that I haven't seen done this good and chilling since the Untouchables, damn fine viewing.
This film is an excellent tribute to the bravery of the men and women of the French Resistance during the Second World War. The film revolves around Lucie and her attempts to rescue her husband, after he is arrested by the Gestapo at a Resistance meeting. This film is indeed a testimony to Lucie and Raymond's relationship, but in my mind, the film serves equally as an insight into France during the occupation and the political state at the time. An excellent film. - Jonno
This series of eight videos is by far my favorite japanese animation series. My other favorites are "Akira" (superb details, excellent coloring scheme, artistic aspects) and "Ghost in the Shell" (great opening scene, strong atmosphere) but my heart is captured by "Bubblegum Crisis" and its cast of female characters. One of strongest features (esp. in the first episodes) is the soundtrack; albeit in general japanese pop music sounds pretty childish to most listeners, the songs from "Bubblegum Crisis" have something special to them.
This delightful female cast, brings back to the screen an excellent, entertaining, funny, and dramatic wicked elegance of The Full Monty phenomenon with a feminine twist. Julie Waters in a Supporting Actress Oscar performance together with Helen Mirren easily capture the British wry humor and the typical stuck-up attitude of old English propriety its predecessor. There are great moments of laughter and sobering moments of reality and realization of sacrifice, loss, betrayal. One of the best movies of the year. Nine out of ten stars.
Well the main reason for seeing this movie would be to see Colm Meaney at his best. During the 1st 10 minutes of this film I was quite irritated by what I thought was another shamrockery and begorrah script. But once you get past that, its a very well acted, well-shot film. The humour was very dark though. Some in the audience were laughing while I felt like crying. I suppose the humour is open to your own interpretation. Overall a very sad story though.
Yes, Jason Mewes. He practically brings the whole movie together along with Kevin Smith. They kinda add the funniness to the movie. What can I say? They're Jay and Silent Bob, they have to be funny. This has to be one of my favorite movies definitely, considering the fact that I am a teenager and enjoy movies like this. I also like the fact that it takes place in a mall, considering I am a shopaholic and go to the mall every week.Good job Kevin.
A very bad adaptation of a wonderful short story by master fantasy and sci-fi writer Roger Zelazny. None of Zelazny's many other novels or shorts were made into features in his lifetime, and this film is probably why. The Sci Fi Channel is currently threatening a TV version of Zelazny's Amber series (Nine Princes in Amber, etc.) Let's pray it is light years away from this turkey. If Stephen Spielberg is reading this, check out Zelazny's Jack of Shadows or Doorways in the Sand.
To describe my relation to Hook in just a few words: A fantastic movie, even though I've never been fascinated by the Peter Pan stories. I'm 19 years old and I saw this movie eleven years ago (1992) and I still love it after over a dozen viewings. The story, the way it looks, the characters (especially how they've developed since the "main" Pan story), the feeling. In my opinion, "Hook" is a competent fairytale, not to mention VERY well done! In my top ten.
What happened to the 'second' hero who went back to 1777? Didnt the soldiers of 1777 document the 1st use of an UZI? Wouldnt a PLANE CRASH FROM 1777 BE NEWS??? The girl who 'died' in the plane crash didnt find it unusually shocking that she FOUND HER OWN DEAD BODY IN THE PLANE CRASH?? My god, this script must have been written over a lunch meeting with the producers. Awful, and just flat out stupid. 1 star because of the JFK Dollar from 2041.
This has to be one of the worst movies of all time. It is a mix between a Jean-Claude Van-Damme movie, Mortal Combat, and the Highlander. In the background you can hear music playing and it dosn't stop once during the whole movie. It seemed to get louder and louder and it just won't go away. This movie is almost as bad as Puma Man. At least Puma Man was fun to watch. This movie was like having your fingers broken one at a time.
Ah, what is it about Centron productions that make them stink so much? This short basically tells young men that if they don't take industrial arts courses, they'll not have the tools to have a full and rewarding life. It has a LOT of bad acting, stupid plotlines and really doesn't do the job of convincing young men (note I say young men: seems that back when this was made, it wasn't all right for young women to do this.) to take industrial arts courses.
This really is quality film making - you can tell that both the crew and cast have put there all into this film - it's superb. It deals with a subject matter that many steer clear of, but this is done in a sensitive, realistic manner which makes you want to watch more and more of Sam's life. Shame Sean Penn didn't win any nominations, he really deserved them. One of the best films you'll see but remember your box of tissues...yes even the men!
Yikes did this movie blow. The characters were weak, the plot weaker. I figured this couldn't be too bad because it has Christoper Walken, oops. He must have done this because he was bored and needed the money. The characters were supposed to be Irish but noone had an Irish accent. I am desperately trying to find something nice about this, I can't except Walken did a fine job with a wooden character. Find something to read, or watch discovery, don't ever see this movie.
Very much in the tradition of the American gangster films of the 30s and 40s, this movie centres around a bravura performance by the central gangster (Edward G Robinson/James Cagney then; Bob Hoskins now). Bob Hoskins raves and fights against a world that is rapidly moving beyond his control and, although he is an unpleasant, violent and vicious character, you end up caring for him. Interesting also as a historical snapshot of a period in London's history (the redevelopment of the Docklands) now gone.
I can't believe that this is supposed to be made after the early 70's... I mean even a twelve year old with his home PC could do better in special effects - I will not comment on the story since there isn't any but I think you could see this movie as some kind of messed up modern art what at least would explain why it was made. So if you think you have already seen the worst movie ever - check this out !
Ever feel like your perversions are beyond human comprehension?? Rent this movie; you will be patting your own back and congratulating yourself on your high morals in no time. At the next family get together you will look around at your normal (newly realized of course) ancestry with admiration. For no social circle, other than those seen in paradise lost and my brothers keeper, is odder than those seen in crumb. So enjoy - and buck up young camper, you're not so odd after all.
While the quality may not be the best, the concept and action were perfect for anyone under the age of 12! Now, years later, I find myself remembering the oddest parts of this show, mostly the outfits and vehicles. I seem to remember the Cartoon Network running this late at night; a nostalgic must-see! Ace Goodheart and crew boarding their ship, the Phoenix, to do battle with the menace from space,...or some such place. The creative force behind these concepts is impressive, most impressive!
What problems do you expect as an American "global power company" when you purchase the former national power distribution company of the Georgian capitol Tbilisi? Maybe not even half the problems AES Corp. has to deal with once they did purchase the company. Corruption, political assassinations, street rioting, major blackouts and people who were never used to pay for their electricity at all. Manager Piers Lewis must try to make this expedition a success, but does he succeed? Very amusing documentary with beautiful Georgian music.
One of those rare movies where the acting is good, the editing, direction, filming and pace are all excellent and not over done in any fashion. Movie never really misses a beat and despite times it could have rolled over into being way too heavy kept it just right. There are no bad guys and just some good old raw emotion is played out in a tasteful fashion. If you want to have life look a little better a very good way to do it.
Although I normally do not like comedies (I prefer subtle humor in films that are about something else then just making jokes), Shouf Shouf Habibi definitely put some smiles on my face. Some subtle, intelligent jokes, some tougher. Good acting, interesting actors. To me this film showed that the general image about Moroccans that is spread in Holland can be true, but isn't always, and that there are always different stories for different people. Good humor, making you think, what else does a comedy want?
10 years from today you may or may not remember elements of Star Wars but you will remember every scene in this movie. Great Cast, Good Plot and the action is actually well scripted. Of course you could do without the car chase at the end but VERY WELL written and even the minor characters put in "A" performances. I could think of 000's of ways to waste $ 7 on a movie. This one is great and you can actually see it for free
Much as I love Herman's Hermits' music, this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. plot was so weak it should have been strangled at birth and despite an attempt by Lance Percival to play Peter Noone's father, it was all pretty dire. The script writing was extremely poor too and it's not hard to see why Peter Noone kept to music (though he did get an early start as Len Fairclough's son in the long running British Soap Coronation Street)
Not just low-budget films, but all films. This is a real sleeper. If you don't love opera, you probably won't like this. The story is entertaining and amusing. If you know and love opera, the final scene will leave you crying. If not it will leave you bored. I strongly recommend this film. It's a good romance and a good story about people in general. The only shortcomings are from an obviously low budget. It's too bad. This could have been another low-budget classic.
Blier is not my favorite French director. Too much irony and too much Godard-a-like in his films. But this one is very different. It's written with great intelligence and, like in most of the French Cinema, it had a wonderful sense of reality. The subject is touchy : a man falls in love with a young teenager (14 years old). But here, we have not the classic Lolita. The young girl looks realistic, and so is her feelings. Superb acting and a great musical score.
Yes, it's on film, it is around 90 minutes like a feature, it's got something that resembles a plot that provides and excuse for the performances, and it seems to participate in a genre marked by "Pulp Fiction." But take this for what it is, some very good actors jamming. Barbara Hershey's characterization is superb -- hers and the other performances had me mesmerized (like a frog by a snake?)-- it's that thing that actors do, that transformation that gives a shiver of the uncanny.
This movie is horrible, awful, ridiculous, and stupid. I advise everyone to watch it immediately. It has anti-climactic kung-fu slow motion sequences, outraged Jewish circus performers, and evil monkey/human nazi experiments. Watch this and I promise you will be dumber after having seen it. You will probably drop out of college or high school once you behold the magic that is Angel Of Death (aka Commando Mengele). Oh yeah, it was written by Jess Franco and directed by Andre Bianci (Burial Ground: Nights Of Terror).
Primal Rage isn't anything special, some people would consider it really bad but it isn't all that bad. the acting isn't bad but the movie is a bit predictable, the story line is not very original but the movie is entertaining. If you see it in the video store and you can't really find anything else you want to watch Primal Rage is a good substatute. The last half and hour of the movie makes it all very worth while. I gave Primal Rage 7/10.
This is the quintessential example of a bad book being turned into an excellent film. The novel was an international best seller which "ripped the lid off" a small town. The movie explored the psychology of the characters and featured some superb acting as well as a musical score that ranks with the very best. Franz Waxman flavored the music with a touch of Aaron Copland and came up with a real winner. Photography was stunning, and the movie makes great use of wide screen.
When these two guys get together you know your in for a great laugh.The way they have to improvise when one of them makes a mistake is just poor class.As with there other video's which I also think are excellent if you in a badmood and need a little bit of cheering up look no further.I think that this video is ALMOST as good as some of the second season episodes and i hope they get around to doing at least one more bottom video
This film is showing married life as it is. First the being in love period, the love and understanding and the fights that turn up over whatever stupid irritations one might have. The film is a good life saver for couples who want to split up. Watch this film and start talking. Find the similarity between the story as shown in the film and get together again. The final scene in which Michelle Pfeifer declares her love is a real classic one. Very fine acting.
Fred "The Hammer" Williamson delivers another cheaply made movie. He might have set a new standard for himself. Look for the painfully obvious special effects mortar cannon that is visible in the street during a chase scene. You don't see it just once, you see it several times. Look for the out of focus shot in one scene and the camera operator try to fix it as the scene rolls on. Watch this with a group of people and make your own Mystery Science Theater!
STELLAR lineup of first nations talent, AWESOME animation, FASTIDIOUS attention to detail on part of the Director, truly FINE content which speaks from the HEART of all first nations peoples. Dreamkeepers is a coup, it speaks to everyone who cares to listen about the resilience and gentle spirit of Native American Peoples. We have waited a long time for the message of human compassion that this kind of pow-wow brings! And the closing pow-wow scene is worth every minute of the 4 hour wait...Mitake Oyasin!
This was a mildly entertaining film. Goldie Hawn is likeable as always, and it was good to see early roles of Wesley Snipes, Woody Harrelson and Mylketi Williamson. The football team is fittingly uncouth, as is to be expected, and Central High Principal Edwards is great. Watching it now, its probably not as good as I remembered it 13 years ago, but its still lots of fun as a time waster. The song during the final credits is probably one of the best parts though.
For a guy who was a French communist until the age of 35, it was a hard movie to take, but it is a superb film, well acted and very realistic. My father was a french communist (the heart on the left and the wallet on the right) and he actually contempleted emigrating to the motherland of socialism when I was a kid, thank God, his wallet was heavier than his heart... Go to your video store and rent it, you won't regret it !
The English comedy as it should be; parody of manners, lifestyle and attitudes, without being too overt. An adaptation of Stella Gibbons' book, and a very good one. Eileen Atkins as the eccentric and obsessive Judith and Kate Beckinsale as the headstrong Flora really make the contrasts work. Set in the southern English county of Sussex of the 1920s, and filmed there in the 1990s - and yes, there are still characters like the Starkadders out there! If you can find it, DO see it.
The first time I saw CCF I walked out of the theater wondering whether or not I liked it. The more I thought about it and a couple rentals later and I love this movie. It's funny on so many different levels you've really got to dedicate a few viewings before passing final judgment. This is one of the few movies I'd put in the same category as "Rozencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" - movies that get funnier the more times you watch them.
I enjoyed this film a great deal. It raises points about American culture as relates to sexual identity in ways seldom handled. I saw the film as a fairly accurate portrayal of reality of being a possible-gay teenager (something about which I know first-hand). Possibly the best scene in the film is when Bobby comes to family dinner dressed in drag. Not because he likes drag, but because that is what seems to be expected. He gives his father a bit of justified hell.
Obviously the only people who have something sooooo against this movie are the people from iowa. Did you people see this movie in the true story section of the library or something? What gives you the idea that the film was not supposed to be fictional?! This is one of the funniest "whiteboy" comedy's of the 90's. I am white and did not find this movie offensive or degrading at all! I think this is a good example for the "wannabe" gangstas out there!GET REAL!
This is an excellent film with an excellent story played by an excellent cast! Rocky, a teenager with a horribly disfigured skull tries to fit in. His mother, ably played by Cher, portrays a biker babe who loves her son but little else. Sam Eliot plays her biker boyfriend but also has a soft spot for Rocky. Rocky loves a blind girl, played wonderfully by Laura Dern. All in all, this is a touching, but not overly sappy film! This one is worth a watch.
I'll not add to the bad comments about this movie, the movie speaks badly for itself quite enough. But, I was surprised to see some people comment on how realistic the newscast was. I think they should switch back and forth between this movie and CNN. The difference is astounding. Even the stupid commercial break gimmick is wrong; how many commercials did we see on the first day of the Iraq war? All of the news people look and sound like bad actors, not journalists.
A great film for those who admire film maverick Sam Fuller. Fuller, the director of cult and critical classics such as SHOCK CORRIDOR and THE NAKED KISS, appears in this film in his biggest role as a cigar-chewing Nazi hunter who turns to hunting down vamps. This is one of the great late appearances of Fuller and thus must be considered valuable for film history. And he has great lines such as "I'm not a Nazi hunter. I'm a Nazi KILLER!" Viva Fuller!!!!
My mother told me that Bette Midler wrote the song "The Rose" for the movie. She gave me the original soundtrack from the movie. I listened to it but didn't really understand it. Then I was looking through the schedual on hbo.com and I saw that "The Rose" was gonna be on and i HAD to see it. So i did and i love it. i cried and cried. I felt so sorry for her. And Bette Midler did a GREAT job in the movie!!!!
..The Fleischer Brothers in Florida wanted to establish an East Coast "Disney" Studio, so they turned out some fine shorts and even some cartoon-features ..Production and artwork at times, were very-very good. Though their best efforts may have been the 4O's Superman color cartoons, many fans believe"Gulliver" an excellent effort to try and match "Snow White"...and as a new cartoon-factory ..they almost did it with this feature. It had some memorable moments to see and songs to hum. This is a real Favorite ...FOR MANY....!
He's the best anti-hero in the history of cinema and ALWAYS has the last laugh. He just doesn't care. All Americans wish they could feel this way but Snake...he's just conscience free. The only person he looks out for or cares about is himself. And he's an ex-soldier too. The action scenes in this film are few and far between but it has a strange feel to it. It's gritty film-making. Much better than the cheesy(but still good) sequel. Check this out whenever you can.
This little short movie from the MTV Awards is a parody on 'The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers', especially the scene with the council of Elrond. Jack Black is Sam and Sarah Michelle Gellar is Arwen. The parts involving other actors like Ian McKellen, Elijah Wood and Hugo Weaving are parts taken from the real movie. I like most of the movies MTV makes and this one is pretty funny. If you can get it it is worth the 3 minutes it takes.
I too agree with the comments made by Casey-52. But I also saw the edited version. I just wanted to add the comment that if you happen to be a Rose McGowan fan or appreciate her looks this is a great film for that. She looks better than in some of her other films and even in the edited version you get to see her having sex at least maybe a dozen times - probably more - it's a LOT put it that way. So
Sorry, but I have to be partial on this movie. I was named after the lead character. My mother was a huge John Travolta fan and my father a huge Olivia Newton John fan. Then of course I had to be born in 1979. All that aside I love this movie. It has been a big part of my life growing up. The music is great. I love all the actors in it, besides Olivia and John. One of my favorite actresses is Stockard Channing.
If you are at all curious about seeing this movie, I shall do you a big favor and convey the entire movie in just two sentences. Woman A is married but cheating with Man A, who blackmails her in cooperation with Woman B. Man B then blackmails Man A and Woman B. Don't worry, I didnt spoil the ending for you - because there isn't one. All in all an agonizing way to kill 2 hours. Two words: "Body Armour". BLEH!
This poorly made,incredibly cheap horror flick is really stupid.Not scary at all,it offers us some laughable special effects and nothing more.This is the sort of movie that keeps you thinking that they must have intended it to be bad-this couldn't just be some sort of accidental mistake.I found two reasons to watch this piece of crap:1)Wil Wheaton("Stand by Me")2)Lucio Fulci,who was an associate producer of this movie.To sum up,all I can say is,that you will laugh till it hurts with "The Curse"-you can believe me!
The movie remined me of a group that got together one weekend and decided to make a spoof movie. The acting was so bad that I doubted if there was any scene retakes. The cast was OK but acted as though they had just read their lines 5 minutes before and wanted to call it a day as soon as possible. The only way it could have been worse was to be in B&W. Even as a silent film it would have been an improvement.
This feature film was originally released as the final episode of a 16-part radio serial, which may explain its weaknesses. Firstly, the fact that every character speaks in some distinctive, but unrealistic, fashion. Secondly, the incomprehensibly convoluted plot and unlikely coincidences that abound. A scene in which a jilted lover hurls himself off a cliff is unintentionally hilarious. After repeated viewings, I still can't remember whodunit, not because it is so cleverly hidden from the viewer, but because the solution makes no sense at all.
All you need to do is listen to the dreadful theme song at the end of the movie to realize what a complete, moronic, hack job this movie was. Free isn't enough. Someone pay me for the time this movie consumed!! Cartoonish military stereotypes vs. Cartoonish small town stereotypes. Poor Brian Keith seemed to really want to do something with his role, but with this script that was just about impossible. I will give him an A for his effort, though wasted it was.
I saw the opening of this film at a film festival on long island, and i was disgusted. The movie has absolutely no plot... doesn't make any sense... and uses nudity very distastefully. I think the director just needed to shoot the film out of his sexual fantasies. I will say the acting isn't half bad, but the movie itself is a waste of time. I wouldn't recommend anyone to see this film unless you're a teenage boy looking for a sleazy girl-on-girl kinda movie.
If movies where virtual reality characters come to life and they are all either male tough guys or female eye candy sounds good to you, then perhaps this movie may not be a total waste of film. Needless to say, the overwhelming majority of people will find this to be an absolute bore, with little acting talent, and even less of a script. Yes, Athena Massey is nice to look at, but that is the only positive thing that I can say about this disaster.
I am appalled by all the good reviews that my fellow USIMDB users have given this terrible, terrible movie. Completely unoriginal, ineptly acted and directed, and incredibly unfunny. I find it fascinating that people like you prefer brainless schlock like "The Waterboy" to an amazing piece of filmmaking such as "Saving Private Ryan." It just boggles my mind how people have no taste. Some people need their art spoon fed to them. If you honestly thought this movie was good, then God help us all.
I have just seen this movie and have to say that it was pretty poor, I mean there are hardly any attacks and when there are they are all "stock footage" of actual sharks. There are also many pointless scenes in the movie, and many bits make the viewer laugh. I wouldn't bother with this film, and for starters the back cover of the film stuff it up by saying that it's a hammerhead when it's clearly a "great white". Oh dear.......
This must be the worst modern interpretation of a Shakespearean play that I have ever seen. As with most film versions Fortinbras was glossed over. Bill Murray's Polonius, while a good try, just was not up to it. I kept seeing visions of SNL. Ethan Hawke's Hamlet left much to be desired. He reminded me of the Ricky Fitts character from American Beauty, with his video camera recording every aspect of his life. Over all it was not worth the $3.50 I spent at Blockbuster.
This movie is so incomprehensibly bad, it hurts to think about... Coming from a fan of crappy action/horror movies this is the stupidest film ever released. The fact that the version I saw was a screener with the name of the company responsible for this atrocity running across the bottom burned the words "Artisan is satan" into my brain, FOREVER. also there was no plot and nothing that seemed to want to further the plot in any portion of the damn thing...weak, just utterly weak.
Bob Hoskins does the most convincing American accent I've ever heard a British actor do, but directing doesn't seem to come as naturally as dialect. This movie features unattractive leading children, unbelievable school situations, stereotypical 'media' types, and completely fails to persuade even the most credulous that the magic is *there*. Special effects are variable, but generally poor. Unconvincing acting ruins what might have been rather good dialogue. It's a shame. I really, really wanted to like this movie, but there was no there there.
Very interesting Sci-Fi thriller directed by John Dahl. A forensic expert(Ray Liotta)accused of murdering his wife injects himself with an experimental serum that may help identify her killer. Use of flashbacks provides the "meatier" part of the movie. Some scenes are not only vivid, but stomach turning. Liotta does well with the role and leads a very solid cast featuring: Linda Fiorentino, Peter Coyote, Christopher McDonald, Kim Cattrall and Kim Coates. Fiorentino was my main interest in watching this worthwhile and a little far-fetched mystery.
Man, the late 1960's sure did produce a whole mess of James Bond clones. Bart Fargo, hero of Il Raggio Infernale is one of them. However, unlike the Albert Broccoli offerings, the gadgets here aren't very inspiring, the acting is pretty bad, and the plot gets very contrived very quickly. The artist woman chosen to be Bart's romantic interest was definitely chosen for her good looks and not her acting ability. Then again, this film being from Italy, one shouldn't expect a whole lot.
I saw this film on a wet day on the Gold Coast in Australia. If it wasn't for the fact that it was pouring down outside and there was absolutely nothing else to do in this tiny town we were stuck in(already had 2 lunches to waste time) we'd have left. Everything about this film is unspeakably bad, the plot, the script, the performances are risible. Whoever thought Alec Baldwin could play leading man in a comic book caper needs their head examining. Just awful!
I went to this movie hoping to see some good acting by the like of Dustin Hoffman, Susan Sarandon and Holly Hunter. What I got was a waste of $7.25 and a waste of my time. This moving had nothing going for it. I had no feelings for any character except, possibly, Bertie. Hoffman's Ben was too blind to what was going on, Sarandan's JoJo was too angry at everyone and Gyllenhaal's Joe was too much of a coward. This was an extremely disappointing movie.
I have watched this film and I thought it was a waste of time, I found it boring. But most other people I was with who watched it said they enjoyed. One reason why I know I hated it so much was because I hate comedy films, In the cinema if you watch a comedy film all you can her is the laughter around you and it really destroys the film. So basicaly I hate comedy films and this was a total waste of time!!!!!
I would like to say i have seen Many film's , maybe about 2,000 so you could say i am a bit of an expert in my own household ! So if you only take one peice of advice from let it be this...Don't waste 90 minutes of your life and watch this film, it is the worst piece of codswallop i have ever had the misfortune to see , it makes the police academy films look like masterpieces of our time. Just DONT BOTHER,.
Let me tell You, Norway is a country that is good in many things, but filmmaking is not one of them. 22 is a movie that sucked big time. The structure of it was awful, the murderer was in about three places within five minutes, or so it seemed. No, I won´t waste my time to write anymore about it. Now You folks have been warned. I hope You´re wise enough to take it seriously. Do not see this movie!!
This is an unfortunate film that was, unfortunately, made. When the great Peter Sellers died, the PP series should have died, too. The Pink Panthers were absolutely tied to Clouseau. However, the greedy Blake Edwards tried to go to the well again and the result is this travesty. There are no words to describe how bad this film is. This is an unfortunate end to the PP series of films but at least Edwards didn't try another one. I wish he hadn't tried this one.
Breathtakingly, stunningly bad. Production values seem to be even lower than the average adult movie. Total acting skills displayed by all participants: close to zero. Poor shooting, directing, editing, script, DVD transfer, etc. If anybody connected with this movie was paid more than bus fares and lunch money, they were overpaid. Some movies are bad, but entertaining because they are bad. Not so with this turkey. The only reason I gave it one star is because there isn't a zero-star voting option.
I wonder: What the Sci-Fi channel was thinking when they put on this muck? Was it a parody? Satire? No it was just bad. What was with the barber/mobsters? Absolutely idiotic. Then ninjas? Unfunny, silly (but not in a funny way), stupid characters and costumes, the worst production values and a dumber plot. Using IMDB I checked up on the mind-numbing cast, just to make sure I didn't accidently see them in any other films. PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM.
Run, don't walk...away from this movie. If you happen to waste your money and decide to see this film, you will be running out of the theater within the first hour. The plot is as sophisticated as the title is long. Andie MacDowell was at her absolute worst. If this is an indication of her future work, she needs to stick with the TV adds. Someone must have owed someone else a big favor, because this film should never have been produced.
I see that there are six people who gave this idiotic, misbegotten, miscast film a 10 rating. I can forgive the twenty or so people who gave TERROR OF TINY TOWN a ten rating, but anyone who gave this a rating substantially higher than 1 is an idiot. Anyone who gave it a rating higher than 3 has never seen this movie. Anyone who gave it a 10 should be punished, punished severely. They should be forced to see it TWICE. I demand their names!
Almost no martial arts and what there was, appeared to be simulated by camera. All the fight scenes took place in the dark making it difficult to see the action and the camera angles suggested that someone else was doing Mr. Seagal's fighting for him. Why would one view a Steven Seagal movie other than for the martial arts? In this film, it sure wasn't for plot, special effects, or acting. All of the tension was derived from digital timers. I'd pass on this one.
I decided to watch a good movie with some figths and action. so i took ticker because the casts sounds good. the result was very funny. i didnt realize why the police detect the terrorist. why the captain of one police department have to catch a terrorist ? isnt it a job for the fbi. the storyline was confusion, the scences where mixed up very bad and i thougth there where some explosions of some other movies in there. dont waste your money !
Do not bother seeing this movie. Life is short, and you'll never be able to reclaim the 90 minutes you'll waste at "The Bachelor". The plot was absolutely predictable and uncompelling, and most of the characters were, quite frankly... annoying. The only redeeming characteristic of this film is the performance of Artie Lang as Marco, O'Donnell's best friend and partner in crime. However, you can see the same performance every week on "The Norm Show", since its essentially the same character. .
This lame movie is strictly Hollywood formula, and tries to ride on SE7ENs success, but without coming within an inch of that movies style and sophistication. The plot is unbelievably far-fetched, the directing bland and unoriginal. One or two moments are mildly effective, the killer on the internet, and the descent into the killers basement, but the end result is hugely disappointing. A waste of time and money. I like Chris Youngs scores but I hope he finds better films than this in the future.
A tour de force by Bratt, "Pinero" tells the story of NYC dwelling drug addict, poet, jail bird, playwright, thief, and actor Miguel Pinero in a busy cacophony of sight and sound which trades kinetics and verve for content, clarity, and humanity. In short, the flick plays out like just another screwed up junkie artist bio which doesn't crawl into the Pinero head to flush out the questionable humanity of the enigmatic protagonist. A film with limited appeal, low entertainment value, and poor coherence. (D+)
I'm not sure what this film tried to be action, thriller, comedy, spoof perhaps all of the above as far as I'm concerned it succeeded at none of the above. Overlong and tiresome specially the subplot with Jamie Lee as the undercover spy. I also wasn't compelled by much of the action and frankly there wasn't enough of it. Yes there were some dazzling special effects and computer graphics but aren't we all getting tired of a films primary asset being its special effects !
Not going to waste a lot of time on this one. Stay away. There is not one good thing I can say about this bad piece of work. The acting sucked, the effects sucked, and the ticks sucked (no pun intended). I keep asking myself, why they keep making movies this horrible. Why? What a tremendous waste of money and people's time. For God's sake, they could use their time more wisely by putting on orange vests and picking up trash along the I-10. PLEASE!!!!!
This film has got merit not least the photography. It is beautifully shot and the location has much to admire. There is a touch of John Ford in parts. Its main strength is the performance by Jack Palance. Anthony Perkins is ok but he has not a lot to do. Small parts by familiar actors adds to the attractions of the film which is well worth a viewing. One of my childhood best loved films which I was not disappointed with when I watched it recently.
This is a pretty good film version of the play. Sure, Jason Robards is a little stiff at first, but he gets better as the film goes on. John Gielgud is fine as to be expected. Charlton Heston does an admirable job as Antony. Overall, this is a very good movie version that doesn't take a backseat to the earlier Mason/Brando version. Try to follow it up with the Antony and Cleopatra with Charlton Heston taking up the Antony role again. They complement each other well.
I think he is just super! I enjoyed him as "Antonio" on WINGS, he was so funny in Galaxy Quest, and in his more dramatic roles, he also shines. His latest offering of Monk is a pure delight to watch. Congratulations on his recent Golden Globe win, and hoping he will no longer be overlooked as a serious actor endeavoring to perfect his craft and the range with which he does so. Keep up the good work Mr. Shalhoub and may God bless you and yours.
Rarely have I seen a document as pure as Vengo. It's style, somewhere between drama and documentary, nor it's story line have what usually makes a great movie, yet the music, the honesty of the actors, the scenery, the general atmosphere make Vengo a masterpiece of European impressionist cinematography. Vengo narrates of pride and family honour, of music that comes directly from the depths of the soul, of duende. Go see it and love it. Chances are you'll buy the soundtrack recording immediately the next day.
Casting directors rarely get any real credit for what they do but I think, for this film, we must make an exception. The actors, in Of Mice And Men, play thier parts as if they were born into them. Add to this cinematography that is both artistically and technically outstanding and you have a film that truly deserves the term Classic. I believe that this film is a must-see for anyone considering a career as a writer, actor, director or any other area of film making.
The only interesting thing about this movie is seeing the original cast members after all these years. There is also a neat flashback sequence, with footage shot for the first film, but not seen before. A bunch of seemingly unrelated would-be scary scenes plod along aimlessly towards a big explosion at the end. (Was that a spoiler?) The oblique origin of "The Tall Man" is just more meaningless stuff. The first movie was a unique experience, the sequels have been pretty bad. Give it up guys.
Everyone fighting against Prince John have a lot of passion for their cause. It's also great that they depict Gwyn and even the aging Robin as people who have a lot of spunk. "You have egg on your beard" says Robin to John while being tortured. That's a crack-up classic. The humor was done very well in this movie and it's a shame that it's underrated. I can't remember anything else that I should praise it for but it's a shame that I didn't tape it.
To say the least, Malcolm Lee's "The Best Man" is the most respectable African-American oriented movie to be released since "Soul Food" and "Love Jones." The movie portrays it's characters in such a way that people of all ethnicities can go home with the satisfaction that they may know someone exactly like someone in the film. It is a great movie that leaves viewers with a great feeling, and provides hope that the African-American film genre has risen above sophomoric story-lines of "Boyz in the Hood."
Great movie, some say its slow but I think it ads to the real life situations, makes the jokes stand out more (which are all original). EVERYONE has acted superbly, with many CLASSIC scenes. Preity Zinta looks FANTASTIC, the songs are ALL very very listenable, and you dont get bored with them as you do with other movie songs. Young, hip-hop movie - everything we expect from movies. I am not a big indian movie fan I admit, but WE WANT DIL CHAHTA HAI 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was a decent enough romantic comedy for the most part. Kate Hudson's performance at times conjured images in my head of Jan Brady, and I found that particularly amusing. However, the ending was a train wreck. I would have expected the female protagonist, a professional journalist, to realize the irony of her situation and react more maturely. I suppose that such an ending wouldn't have been exciting enough, so they went with an overblown Hollywood-style ending complete with a decidedly odd public confrontation.
I can not believe so few people have seen this movie. It is a terrific film. It has all the action, intrigue, double and triple crosses, and tragedy anyone could ask for. The plot and its development is a work of art. It is first class. The characters are so real and the depth of their portrayals goes well beyond most crime films, including the Godfathers. This is a film you must see if you every watched a single episode of The Sopranos, and liked it.
I can not believe so few people have seen this movie. It is a terrific film. It has all the action, intrigue, double and triple crosses, and tragedy anyone could ask for. The plot and its development is a work of art. It is first class. The characters are so real and the depth of their portrayals goes well beyond most crime films, including the Godfathers. This is a film you must see if you every watched a single episode of The Sopranos, and liked it.
I am an unreserved, unabashed fan of Mr. Avery and do not even try to hide it in the least. While I have other favorites, this is one of the top three or four he did, objectively speaking, and in my opinion, the best, for all that it's not one of my top five favorites. It is a true parody, full of warmth and fondness for its subject, Al Jolson. Splendidly done from the first frame on. Five encores and twenty-seven curtan calls. Most highly Recommended!!!
This movie inspired me to read the literature of Anais Nin. In comparison of the books, i must say the actors portraying every person did an amazing job. they captured the pure emotional world anais nin wrote about. The relations between characters stayed true to life. I was especially amazed with maria demedieros who played anais nin. Fred Ward who id only known from Tremors surprised me as Henry Miller. This is a beautiful movie in every detail, staying true to the beautiful life it showed.
I was lucky enough to attend the premiere of this film. I went to the screening with no expectations and was thrilled by my viewing experience. Passage to Ottawa is a beautiful story about multiculturalism, love and the search for a hero. This film also challenges the typical stereotypes of what a hero is. This film is also a wonderful aesthetic journey full of vibrant colours and characters. Warning: you may want to have some orange crush on hand. I left this film craving a glass.
This was a good acting role for James Lydon, as a mature young man protecting his mother. But, one wonders, is he too protective? Paul Cartwright becomes weary when his mother starts dating again, one year after his fathers tragic death. The man is smooth and challenges Paul about his interest in criminology. Paul starts investigating, and comes up with interesting facts about Mr. Curtis. The story is a good one, as we unravel this mystery about the death of Paul's father. Don't miss this.
As a big Candice Bergen fan i was looking forward to see this movie. And i wasn´t disappointed, this was a very interesting movie. It´s the kind of movie that you don´t know how it´s gonna end until the last minute, and you don´t trust anyone. Candice Bergen´s performance was amazing and so was Bug Hall´s and Bryan Brown´s. I hope this movie comes out on VHS or DVD but in the mean time I recommend anyone who likes suspense to catch this one on tv.
Watching Time Chasers, it obvious that it was made by a bunch of friends. Maybe they were sitting around one day in film school and said, "Hey, let's pool our money together and make a really bad movie!" Or something like that. What ever they said, they still ended up making a really bad movie--dull story, bad script, lame acting, poor cinematography, bottom of the barrel stock music, etc. All corners were cut, except the one that would have prevented this film's release. Life's like that.
I really enjoyed this movie, it was very funny, sexy and the two leads (David Wenham and Susie Porter) were fantastic. I never for one second lost interest in this movie, there's always something going on, usually something funny. The supporting cast were good, especially Kris McQuade the taxi driver. The direction and script were really good, the music is very enjoyable, especially the music for the bath scene. Overall I think this is a great movie, and should be seen by all. 10/10 from me.
Sorry to disagree with so many negative reviews. I have not seen the original with Jack Lemmon and I don't doubt the original is much better than the remake, but I feel the obligation to tell everyone that I really enjoyed this movie a lot, that I love Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn, who are in the list of my favorite actors, and that this movie is really funny. Therefore, I wish to recommend this version and I can assure you that you won't regret it.
acknlowedging the individual from pine grove, ca, who is an agnostic, this has absolutely nothing to do with the content, intent, or production of this film that broke all barriers regarding race and blacks in leading roles. additionally, this film was banned in certain southern theaters because of it's theme. most directors and actors today refer to this film as a bellweather production. it has been included as one of the best american films and is so registered in the library of congress' archives.
A film of some skin, lots of sex, few funny parts, and very little substance. Not compelling and uninteresting from the open to credits. I wish I could say this film had more to offer than making me feel like being able to go without sex for 90 days is some great feat, but there was nothing else that I got out of this movie. The characters don't ever connect with the audience, and the subject matter is overdone. This offers little new for the audience.
Thoroughly bizarre, poorly-lit, misnamed. An experience not to be missed, for anyone into cult films. It does sort of compare to 'Twin Peaks', but has none of the laid-back weirdness of the aforementioned film. This is a film you should be drunk to truly appreciate, and watch it in a darkened room. The actors really become secondary to the setting, as does the plot. Everything in this movie really seems to be an excuse to have things happen WHERE they happen. Recommended, but not for teetotallers.
Inane, ridiculous, boring, stupid, hilariously bad. This movie is all these things and more. "Leonard: Part 6" was Oscar-worthy compared to this. I feel fairly confident that I could have come up with a better movie by having no script at all and just telling the actors to improvise their lines. At least Bette Davis had the sense to realize how beneath her this movie was. The thing is, this movie is beneath the acting skills of most of the people in it. Including the cat.
After a very promising first fifteen minutes, including a very decent and gory kill scene, this movie unfortunately what follows is a laughable mess that doesn't know if it wants to be a slasher movie, a mystery, or a cops-chase-bad guy who has nothing to do with the plot- flick! A total mess, though I do give it credit for trying to dip into different genres, but when you title your film "Drive-In Massacre," that is what you need to deliver! Not a mess like this!!
Anyone who knows anything about Audie Murphy and his heroics, knows that the film does not do him justice. He did so much more than the film depicts. However, with the limited time allowed for a movie, the movie is quite good. The story is very accurate of how the US troops moved through Italy. Every time I see that the movie is on, I try to watch it and remember that my father was there!! Enjoy!! And hope we don't have to do it again!!
Neon Maniacs,great movie by far one of my top 5 greatest films.The movie is so great because of the great original plot and characters...have u ever seen a movie when maniacs are killed by...water?No then check this out.I love alot of movies this definetly is one of them and its also hard to get so if u ever find it get it because even if u didnt like it its one of those movies when u cant not see it and u have to judge yourself!
In most of the comments I've seen, haven't seen any comments on Adrian Paul's performance. I happen to be a rather big fan of his and am trying to be patient about when I will be able to see the movie. I have no idea of when it goes to video and if the networks are going to air it, but I am sure everyone on the film did a bang up job, and I mean everyone, including the grips and other BEHIND the scene peoples.
I recently bought the special edition DVD, and it is beyond all of my expectations. It has both versions of Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz, the 3-episode OVA and the theatrical movie with more scenes than the OVA. Gundam Wing is my 2nd favorite anime series, and I love the prequel/sequel Endless Waltz. I recommend the series and the movie, they are both a must-see. A space opera with realism, it reminds me of STAR WARS a little bit. Zechs Marquise/Milliardo Peacecraft voiced by BRIAN DRUMMOND RULES!
Despite having a thin plot, silly dubbing, disturbing brutality, and unnecessary humour, this film stands as an excellent showcase of Yuen Biao's talents. The plot deals with a lawyer becoming a vigilante while running afoul of Cynthia Rothrock. The action scenes are incredible. Yuen Biao and Cynthia Rothrock are placed in some set pieces that are among HK's finest. My favourite was Yuen Biao facing off against Melvin Wong. It's the kind of fight that makes one wonder why he wasn't as popular as Jackie Chan.
A compellingly told story of Russian emigres who return to the USSR at Stalin's invitation after WWII. As they sail to Odessa, the audience understands that they are making a very serious mistake. The story that ensues is about one couple's struggle against the oppressive brutality of the Soviet state. The story is personal -- of love, infidelity, friendship and loyalty. But the grim reality of Stalin's USSR lurks in every niche of the movie. How lucky we are that all that is gone.
I was one of maybe six people who've ever seen this thing. I sat through it mostly out of respect for Blank's prior film 'Sex, Drugs and Democracy', which was interesting. This was not. The Zappa kids looked embarrassed to be there, Thicke looked lost and the script... um, was there a script? I did like the idea of a TV station takeover ('Tapeheads' did this better), but the idea is wasted here. Skip this - rent SD&D instead if you can find it.
Period, end of statement. There are a few films that are so incredibly well done, so seamless, that they could be watched daily. Well, that *I* could watch daily. This is one! It never lags, it never sags. It is funny, it is real. It is touching, it is hopeful. Kate Beckinsale started her career on such a high note with this early work! The rest of the actors are simply perfect in their roles. Sim-ply perfect!
I've waited 30 years to see this again and almost gave up on finding it!. I have never read Voltaire's "Candide", or Terry Southern's novel "Candy" but I do find this a marvellous parody of the late 60's culture. It is also a great illustration of the fact that, no matter how cerebral men get, show us a pretty girl and we become jibbering idiots! This is not a film that changed cinematic history but will always be one of my favourites from my college years.
This is a film that even now I have fond memories of, and can apreciate as a classic. The animation is not superb, and neigther is the story. However, it is strangely aplicable as a social commentary about American society. The story, although almsot laughable, is quite fun to enjoy. The cast of characters seems almost a marketing sceme of the mid-80's, but what children's TV program can claim not to be such? If for no other reason sit back enjoy the silliness, and just care.
Here's a little nugget made for cable that revolves around a psychiatrist played by Gina Gershon. Her ex husband is murdered the day he's granted custody of the children. The lead investigator on the case played by Michael Biehn is her boyfriend. One of the suspects is a former patient played by Sean Patrick Flanery. The movie leaves enough unsaid to conclude what you will & develops gradually in a matter fitting to aid the suspense. The acting is top notch with great directing as well.
This is a very well written and directed film with good locations and very good acting. The discourse on the Chinese approach to justice and the potential for corruption in their state-centered society is sharp and, from my experience, accurate. It is delivered as part of an entertaining story with very strong performances by the leads. I like Richard Gere in this, as I do Ling Bai's performance. Their chemistry attracts the viewer and helps us through the difficult issues the film addresses. A must see.
A friend of mine had told me that this was funnier than Woody Allen's Small Time Crooks I admit I was skeptical, as too many so-called comedies from the black and white era don't get much more than a smile from me. My skepticism was rewarded with a very funny, fast-paced comedy with the kind of "crackling" dialogue they don't write anymore. Edward G. Robinson is a scream in the lead, and his supporting cast equals him. Don't miss this one. There's never a dull moment!
This was my first Asian Horror movie watch. I was leary about "reading movies" but this one was very cool. You can understand the movie by the movements, so the Subtitles aren't that important (for lack of a better term). Very good work with the cameras, using different angles, and bringing out the smallest details. Not too gory, much to my disliking, but just enough to keep one interested. Good movie all in all, a must see for any Asian Horror Fan. 8/10
If there's anything worse than the teen flick, there's the aging teen flick. I caught this in the 1980s on cable TV and it's representative of the Meatballs and Porky's generation of films. What this film has in common with Star Wars and the X-Men is the fantasy of magical powers. Even if some nudity will amuse you, there's not much about Zapped! worth seeing. Who should see this film: -- nobody I'll give Zapped! a 3 out of 10.
I saw `Mile Zero' twice and it moved me to tears both times. Near the beginning of the film, the main character and his wife get divorced and the wife moves on and the husband gets stuck in the past. His incredible love for his son and his complete devastation over the loss of their family unit drives him to whisk his son away to the desolate but beautiful rocky mountains. The journey that ensues is subtle, stunning, moving and well-crafted. I highly recommend this film!
This leaden effort is about life in the Waspy social circles of N.Y. (I think it was N.Y.; I was too bored to remember). The critics went ape over this dog, but the endless, pointless, droning, fatuous conversations among people we don't give a fig about were to me a kind of torture by dialogue. Maybe that was the point, I dunno, but they should have put a warning label on this one. The movie to me gave a whole new meaning to the word "sleeper".
This is one of my favorite horror movies of the year. On of the first movies to be filmed entirely in Cambodia and in Vietnamese in many years. THe Snake Hair that the heroine wears looks so real..............know why? Because it is really is real live snakes. The director had trouble finding something that looked realistic enough with the budget they had so opted to glue/tape/tie real snakes to a head piece. Lets hope PETA doesn't find out about it. Nonetheless memorable, with excellent camera work.
Director Avati can come up with a good ghoulish scenario like he did with MACABRO but this film is a real dud. A good synthesizer score cannot make up for the fact that this anemic horror film is dull as the dirt the dead rise out of. It's no wonder that Avati went on to make art films after this. Avati knows how to build up suspense but there's no payoff here. Plus the film has the bland look of something that was made for television.
-of the Hughes Teen films, which I think is an important genre of films, especially from the 1980's. This one is basically joke/joke/joke/maudlin moment/joke/joke/joke. But it somehow works, largely on the strength of the cast. Molly Ringwald has never been better, and Anthony Michael Hall is superb. Their chemistry holds it together, as is the case in most of the Hughes films. But there is an undeniable glee and anarchy present that makes this worth watching, despite some crude film making and jokes that fall flat.
Poor production values, poor acting, and a poor script can do nothing for the success story of Meat Loaf. In recent interviews, Meat has made statements to the effect that he didn't know WHAT he had put on tape, until Rundgren came on the scene and did his production wizardry...here we have Todd's role reduced to saying something like "More motorcycle sounds!" two or three times. By the time his story is run through THIS blender, it comes out more like strained prunes than Meat Loaf!
I worry that foreigners see simple-minded tripe like this and think it is representative of the American psyche. He is holding a real gun against her ribs after robbing a bank- are we supposed to believe that this is an appropriate setting for plucky cutesy music and Susan musing how she's never left town before or that she is really concerned that he's playing with her Keep-On-Truckin' pin? Or that he'd really be amused that she is concerned about that pin??? Made me want to VOMIT!
This movie comes on cable every once in a while, and I'm drawn to it like a moth to a flame. I know it's bad for me, and I still can't stop. The characters are one-dimensional and annoying, young people don't really talk like this ("Cab service on this island leaves something to be desired" -- aaugh!), and scenes obviously written to be hip and smart alecky come off as forced and trite. Stuff like this is enough to get me to swear off indies forever.
As with THE SISTERHOOD, ALIENATOR, THE ASSAULT, LADY TERMINATOR, and this lame flick, they prove why you can never trust a box cover! If you really want to get into deadly, lethal passion without the useless nonsense, my suggestion is for you to grab a one-way ticket to China on board the TWA. There, you will find what you want. Remember, your very life depends on it! Am I the only one trying to preach? Never mind! All of us don't even care!!!
German produced horror. Directed and written by Anthony Hickox. Not exactly interesting, so it really takes an effort to sit through this. Some preppy students are lured into a neighborhood wax museum. Some veteran actors lend their talents, half heartedly I would imagine. This is just not intense enough for me. If you like bland horror...relax and enjoy. Cast members: Zach Galligan, Deborah Foreman, Michelle Johnson, Patric Macnee, John Rhys-Davies and Miles O'Keeffe. Kudos to the set designers that provide at least an anxious atmosphere.
James Caan must be wondering why he agreed to the project... his eyes seem to mist over every time he has to exhibit a reaction to the laboured twists and turns of a preposterous plot. Jeanne Tripplehorn is wasted too as his daughter, merely being asked to establish the premise that (a) she loves Hugh Grant, and (b) she can't marry him because her father's a mobster. Grant saves the movie with his likeable performance, especially with his attempts at a mob accent. Sopranos this ain't.
This movie is very similar to the 1980 film Xanadu. A lot of IMDB users may not like that film either, but at least Xanadu had the beautiful Olivia Newton-John and a great soundtrack. This film has about 10 minutes of the cute Marisa Tomei and 1 decent soundtrack song (Say the Word by Arcadia). I wanted this movie to end so badly, yet it was like watching a car accident. I just couldn`t turn away because it was so bad!! This movie is no `Xanadu`.
I rented this movie last week because I love 80's teen movies (License To Drive, Can't Buy Me Love, Don't Tell Her It's Me, etc.) I read the reviews (which were pretty negative), but decided to give "Playing For Keeps" a chance anyway. My conclusion: YOU GUYS WE'RE RIGHT! This movie is LOUSY! I tried so hard to like it, but I couldn't. I won't bother explaining the reasons why (because there are so many reasons). Just trust me, and all the other reviewers. Don't bother.
I have to agree. What a really awful movie. This was just a poor ripoff at a time when poor ripoffs weren't as common as now. Sigh... The original Westworld takes a good concept and works well. The attempts to tie futureworld back to Westworld are poorly structured. Wooden performances abound, not just from the 'robots' either. Watch Westworld and skip the sequel. Another reasonable pick for an odd Yul Brenner movie is an odd post-apocalyptic knife fighter flick. Aardvaark
Amick makes a solid centerpiece as she runs from tree to tree and pillar to post in this lame drama about an insurance investigator who goes deep into a Canadian forest to retrieve $12 million from a downed aircraft...armed with her lipstick and assorted cosmetics. "The Hunted", just another of a zillion or so people-hunting-people flicks, is trite, simple minded, predictable, and full of plotholes. An okay shoot, the story fails early on urging the thumb to inch toward the fast-forward button. Passable and forgettable. (D+)
Don't bother renting this movie. National Geographic and Paramount start out filming the cutest little polar bear since Knut. They add silly narrative. Then things take a turn for the worse. They stick in some guff about global warming. Why didn't bloody National Geographic fly in some steaks for the polar bears? Don't they sell enough of their magazines? Doesn't bloody Paramount have some spare change to helicopter in some goodies for the cute little bears? Why did they let'em die?
I have seen some of the stupidest films ever made, but THIS beats all of them. It doesn't make up it's mind if it want's to be a children's film, a message against poaching or a slasher film. The dubbing is worse than some of the Godzilla films and what the hell were the scenes with that green alien at the begining and closing credits for? The thing wasn't even in the movie! Even I could make a movie better than this with a hand-held camera.
This is a musical with some marvelous Rogers & Hammerstein songs, but they are mere accoutrements for Agnes DeMille's sagebrush ballets. Every step is artistically perfect. The result is magnificent for choreography students and dance afficienados but tremendously slow for the rest of us. Rod Steiger is much too affected in his role. Gordon McRae is adequate,, but Shirley Jones and Eddie Albert come off as most memorable in an impressive, albeit overstuffed, cast. Altogether, this is great art, dance, and music, but a so-so movie.
Steven Seagal is getting old and flying kicks and all that kung fu isn't him half the time it is a stunt double. He should stick to aikido and breaking bones at least it wouldn't look as ridiculous. One whole scene they use a voice over for Seagals voice...very strange. Maybe he should come out with under siege 3 get a couple of mainstream actors and directors involved. Russell Wong was listed everywhere as being in the movie...he wasn't anywhere in the movie i just saw.
amateurish space trash. politically retarded; scientifically inaccurate; religiously barbaric. and of course, there's the bad story; bad photography; bad editing; laughably inept dialog. no point talking about the acting here; these 'professional' actors are reciting lines on cue without any sense that the lines might accumulate into meaningful speech - for the simple reason that it is impossible for them to accumulate into some kind of meaningful speech - it is the usual TV-space-trash babble that people in LSD-flashback really admire. crap.
Never in my life have I watched a movie where I cared so little for the characters. Never in my life have I watched a movie where I guessed the ending so quickly (in the video store, looking at the cover!). And never in my life have I watched a movie where I actually could feel my IQ dropping. I mean, what is this? Please! 1 star out of 5 and that is only because of Renée Zellweger. She's just so darn cute ;o)
This French offering is not all that bad. Despite the obvious low budget there is enough to keep your interest. Special effects are crude by todays standards, but for 1958 are about par. Space flight experimentation goes awry when a missile to the moon explodes and causes asteroids to be thrown into a path toward Earth. Cast includes:Paul Hubschmid, Madeleine Fischer, Dario Michaelis and Fiorella Mari. In the name of survival the US and Russian rocket scientists work in tandem with hopes of saving the world.
I can't believe everybody else like this movie! I love Gothics but this one is a snooze. Gene Tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress, but she's totally miscast here. She tries, but she's just not good. Vincent Price is always good no matter what, but he can't save the movie. It LOOKS good, but it's very slow and very dull. It's no wonder that this isn't on video. After an hour I turned it off--I was SO bored! Avoid unless you're a Gothic completist.
This film is really crap. Pierce Brosnan, who is a good actor, plays an American tough guy who has problems in his marriage. He works as a bomb expert who runs into the man (ron silver) who is cheating on him with his wife. This is the basic storyline and the fact that he is tracking a group of terrorists is completely in the shadow of this terrible script. If you like Pierce Brosnan, but hate bad movies it is okay to skip this one
Yes, Catherine Zeta-Jones is good looking and Sean Connery used to be The James Bond. But these two facts aren't enough to make a movie on. The acting is poor and some really good "high-tech" action scenes mixes with some attempts to "love-and-romance". I don't know but there is something wrong when CZJ tries to act as someone who is very clever but just acts like a stupid insurance agent. The supporting acting by Ving Rhames is good, very good, why doesn't he get a lead...
I saw this film with a group of four and, when it ended, we were all amazed with our patience to sit through two hours of directorial aimlessness, character superficiality and degenerating dialogue, giving the director the benefit of our doubts. Lisa Cholodenko should have asked herself one question before ever beginning to write and shoot this film: "What do I want to show here?" I hope she will do this before starting her next project, otherwise her films must be shown with a refund policy.
The worst Columbo ever was "No time to die." This was the second worst. Why? Because Columbo was completely out of character, and committed reprehensible and illegal acts in trapping his prey: he plainly assaulted the suspect (death threats and ramming his car), held him against his will, extorted evidence (the location of the gun), a confession, and under threat of death a an ongoing covenant to take the fall. Columbo is supposed to be a sympathetic goody-goody character (albeit a slob), not a felon.
A plethora of stars are here. I was surprised to see a fay Billy Crystal, annoying Regis, Mike Brady, Burgess, Ginger, Q, Peter Graves. It's Titanic in the sky as anything that can go wrong does go wrong on this plane's maiden voyage. Lots of sub plots are thrown at you and still no story can be found. I loved the realism of how passengers could easily walk up and down aisles freely during the flight. This wild ride couldn't end any faster for me.
This is an old film cashing in (in best Hollywood style) on Jackie Chans recent success in the west. The Hong Kong film makers are still the masters of this type of silly action comedy. It's badly dubbed, poorly edited, the plot is silly... but the martial arts, stunts and jokes are excellent and so it's as much fun as all those really old Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee movies. I hope this success will get more of the Hong Kong movies onto the European film circuit.
Pic probably tops all Hongkong films in presenting triad warfare intrigue, and the horror and intricacy of a well-oiled set-up. The scripter and director weave a clever interlocking plot complete with tense and heart-stopping atmospherics. Tony Leung's bad cop performance is a class on its own, particularly when he finds out that he's been set up and is now in an untenable situation. But pic's originality is in the end let down by the final shoot out in a dilapidated warehouse, which is both shop-worn and pretentious.
Unbelievably silly, cheap, boring softerotic variation of the old INDECENT PROPOSAL-plot with the Robert Redford-character, played by quite attractive, but not really stimulating Tane McClure, offering the Demi-Moore-character, here played by untalented, but happy-to-be-here bloke Tim Abell, money, if she, er, he helps her out in her bed, while his wife Gabriella Hall wanders around in the casino. Hall is stunningly sexy as usual, but her scenes with Abell really belong to her best yet. Still, the rest is pure B-Movie Nonsense. Two points only for Hall.
Final Fantasy VIII is, by far, the best game I have ever played. The realness of the characters is astounding. I am in love with all the guys, especially Squall and Seifer. The storyline is phenomenal... Seifer and Squall are two rivals attending Balamb Garden, run by Headmaster Cid and NORG. Their teacher, Instructor Quistis Trepe, is later relieved of her teaching duties and becomes a SeeD, along with Selphie, Squall, and Zell. Laguna is the father of Squall, the SeeD. That is all
I cannot believe all of the bad reviews that this movie is getting! It is clearly the best sequel in the whole series! It may have had a bizzare ending, but it left you to come up with your own answer. Like one great philospher said, "When the end is upon us, that is where the beginning may arrive." I have my own answer, but I could go on for hours about what I thought the ending meant. Great movie, great sequel, long live the tall man!
In ending this movie, they used the exact ending of Long Kiss Goodnight! It's not even a copy--it's just an edited version of the same thing!! How cheap. What's up with that? If you watch closely you can actually see a truck disappear that they used in Long Kiss Goodnight that wasn't supposed to be there in Extreme Limits or Crash Point Zero whatever you want to call it. Not worth the $1.99 to rent, unless you want a good laugh at the copy cat ending! YUCK
No, this isn't the biopic of Jim Bowen & Tony Green but a good comedy with dual roles for Caine & Moore. Sometimes its good because its funny, sometimes its so bad its good. The pairing of the two British acting giants is worth 90 minutes of anyones time. This movie tries to hark back to the classic British comedies of old & succeeds in parts. If you take this film in the spirit it was made then you should be laughing & groaning in equal measures!
Although I am not a purist or any other kind of radical as well as usually abstaining from strong language I am forced to say just one thing...: THIS FLICK SUCKS!!! The story is not only as cheesy as the Sherwood is green, it is so predictable that you have uncovered the plot after 10 minutes... if you haven't fallen asleep after the first 5... If you have the choice between seeing this "movie" and staring at a pure white wall for 2 hours... watch the wall!
This is one of my five favorite comedy movies. Mary Gross gives an inspired and hilarious performance as the nerdy, neophyte, near-Fed. Rebecca De Mornay is perfect as the straight foil for Mary, and Fred Thompson did a much better job of impersonating an FBI instructor than he ever did at impersonating a Senator. Tony Longo as the sailor in the bar was also outstanding. It also had a great beat, and was easy to dance to. I give it an 80, Dick.
This is really a masterpiece of American children's cinema. It manages to be obnoxiously preachy and sticky sweet one moment, and then violent, offensive and stupid the next. If your kid has a really sick sense of humor, this is the perfect movie. However, if you don't think they'll enjoy seeing a guy get hit on the head repeatedly with a brick and have 1000 volts pumped into him while using the sink (that is just SO funny) then you might want to look into something else.
Simply one of the most magnificent films ever made. Witty and intelligent underestimate the sheer craft and ingenuiety of Forsyth's finest work to date. Probably the finest he will ever. John Gordon Sinclair gives the role of Gregory like a dream as if it was written for him. Gregory is a very similar role to that played by Peter Capaldi in Forsyth's follow up Local Hero which is a sound piece of work. Dee Hepburn has a wonderful. Simply watch it as it will move you strangely.
When I saw this movie, I was so involved with the drama and the suffering of Cecilia, that I felt outraged at the end of the movie. My feelings were so hard against Mr Allen that I decided at that moment not to see another movie by him anymore. He is a wonderful director, perhaps a genius, and I'm sure that the rest of his movies, which I have not seen, are works of art. It's only that this one affected me so much.
This film is the famous "Candid Camera" television show in a feature format, and much more Risqu'e that could have been broadcast. But beyond the amusing laughs of Alan Funt's situations lies a surprising glimpse into the uncensored attitudes of American culture in the midst of social upheaval. Prevailing sexual and racial attitudes are both surprising and tantalizing. Taboo subjects are tackled in an unflinching way, without comment by the filmmakers - leaving you an unobstructed view on our past culture. - Andy Somers
...in a good role - best since Bob Roberts. the series is on ep 6ish in old blighty. Good mix of slacker humour, with enough mystery about the original Deal with the devil. Plenty of possibility for soul searching and moral issues - perhaps a bit predictable in places, but what isn't these days? Cast is good, but main attraction is Mr Wise in a suitably slippery take on old nick. Not quite Dogma but shaping up fine. worth a watch
When I first saw this movie at the video store, I thought, wow cool bunch of monks kill vampires. But this was just plain awful. Bad directing, bad effects and the worst script in the world. You would think that the fighting scenes would be good but... no. I must say if your even thinking about watching this movie, your already doing the bad thing. Trust me, this isn't worth paying for, and even if they paid you to watch it please don't, you'll thank me later.
I saw The Movie Hero at the Dahlonega International Film Festival and it was fantastic! Great acting, great directing, great script, great everything! The movie is about the pain and difficulty of making art, even if your "art" is just living your own life. I wish this film was playing "in theaters everywhere" as they say. But it's probably not going to. It looks like it's going to play at a lot of festivals though, so I urge you to find it. You won't be disappointed.
The Year My Voice Broke is the finest film to come from Australia. The acting is wonderful, the scenery is glorious, the cinematography superb, and everything clicks to make for a very moving story. This is one of my all-time favorities of all movies every made. The young actors are very natural in their approach to acting and one feels they are very real people who are going through this strange change in life through which all must pass. Kudos to the director and the producers.
Mr. Olbermann is smart, witty and funny. He provides an alternative voice to the right wing domination that has lasted for years in the media. Straight shooting, fresh, sharp and antagonistic against the Plutocrats that have seized our nation. Lacking demagoguery, and the mythic trash that comes from the propagandized news from conservative opinions. I enjoy Mr. Olbermann, and look forward to seeing him on other news venues. I feel he is the most interesting news person that has evolved in many years.
With a cast like this, how can you go wrong? And the film is a delight from beginning to end. Although all the players were great, special kudos to William Powell, whose uncompromising morals cause him to lose almost everything he has. His is a gut-wrenching performance, and the scene in which he addresses the assembly with tears in his eyes to tell of his own "weakness"--wow. It's rare to see Powell in a role with so much complexity and it is a marvelous performance.
It was a true labor to sit through this "movie". I believe after the MST3K folks scraped the bottom of the barrel to find films like "Manos: The Hands Of Fate", and "Mitchell", they took a peek under the barrel to find this piece of drivel lurking underneath. Basically a hair-helmeted, bespectacled nerd builds a time machine out of his airplane and old Commodore computer, and decides to sell it to some evil guy of some evil company. Wackiness and pain ensue. View at your own risk.
First there was Michael Myers. Then came Jason. Followed by Freddy Krueger. And now we meet Leo Rook, a psychotic killer who likes white shoes and to collect heads. On his way to prison he escapes from a boat which later crushes into a rock and sinks. A few survivors swim ashore on an island with a Lighthouse, unknowing that someone is already waiting for them. Though an unknown cast and director, this is a very scary and most of all good movie.
I can't believe that there are 10 people giving this c**p a 10. This is a very boring movie. This movie has the title vampire, so what would you expect: sharp teet, spooky eyes, good effects, gore and lots of blood. This movie has absolutely nothing of these things. If you wanne see this movie and your expecting something like "from dusk till dawn" or "near dark" or "the lost boys" -all fabulous vampire movies- then you'll be wrong and you will be watching a boring drama.
I have been to Sundance, Toronto, Venice, to name a few, and of all the independent films that I have seen (and I have seen lots!) I have yet to see a film with such heart. It's not a new story, but it captures the feeling of a first love in a way that is hard to not be moved. Although not the esoteric film that we usually see in the independent circuit, it is so well done that I looked beyond its minor flaws. Lovely film.
After getting panned by reviewers and critics alike, I went along to the local two dollar theater with little expectation. What I saw was a very funny movie, with some excellent dialogue and set at a great pace. The story is silly and some of the special effects look rough around the edges, but who cares? The story and many memorable quotes make this a great film for kids and adults alike. I may get this as a DVD when it's released! Quite the sleeper hit.
... Was my initial reaction but BREAKING UP is a bit of a turkey . To all intents and purposes this is an inferior WHEN HARRY MET SALLY for a younger generation . It`s episodic and never feels convincing , but the worst criticism I have is that the two stars never shine on screen . Maybe if Crowe`s character beat up a few people while all Salma`s scenes revolved lying on top of that body builder in the gym it would have been more watchable ?
What? If you're expecting a serious comedy, then you will undoubtedly be disappointed. As far as comic-book characterisation and 80's chic go, this film is perfectly tongue-in-cheek. The chemistry between Jay Jay and Chaos is superb... still funny well into the 2000's. In line with a ream of other comedies of its time ("Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "Trading Places" and "Spies Like Us" - all SNL spawned classics) and superior in its way to all clones made since. Que the music - "tan-,tan-,taaaah!!!"
I don't know why this film makes me laugh. I really don't. Did I, I'd tell you! I would!! But I can't. I can't defend this immoral film about a crazy bunch of speeders, razing across America in pursuit of... fun!! There's nothing to it, but a great cast from the 80's and a lot of good-willed humour. (That and some BADLY filmed fighting, by a young Jackie Chan). If you like Police Academy, you're gonna love this one! Honest! I give it an 8.
It must be more than ten years ago that I saw this mini-series. Probably a period that I loved very dramatic films and books. But I can never forget this series. It was film so 'smooth' and 'rich' and especially the music was dramatic. I'm really curious what I would experience if I would see it these days. It's funny that the bible-borrowed title of the series announces that the clash between Kane and Abel will be very dramatic. That's very smart of the creators, I think.
My wife and I were bored. Maybe we were expecting too much: our best married-couple friends had seen the play here in NYC and raved about it. They had also just raved about "Wit", and we loved it. But "Dinner with Friends" had neither the fun nor the insights to do it for us. Certainly, if you're already an HBO subscriber, you ought to give this a shot. But do NOT subscribe because of DWT, and don't rent a tape if it's offered. You've been warned. -SB
Okay, so lots of people thought this stunk because Elizabeth Taylor couldn't sing, it missed the magic of stage presence and it is not really good movie material. It is however an opportunity to see an interpretation of the performances of the broadway stage who originated some of the characters as interpreted by the stage version's director. It is a very good story of romance, duty and innocence. Sondheim's lyrics are wonderful, Diana Rigg is delightful and overall the quality of the show is more than acceptable.
If you like action movies, this film is for you. If you like gentle comedy, this film is also for you. If you've only seen Chow Yun-Fat playing suave, "hard boiled" killers this film is *definitely* one you should see. Breathtaking action sequences pepper a sweet plot about the triumph of innocence over arrogance and the power of love and friendship. Plus you get to see Chow Yun-Fat walking around with Mickey Mouse balloons. 5 stars out of 5. One of my favorite HK comedies.
Tell Me Something is slick, fast, and entirely unpredictable up to the last second. This Korean film appears to possibly be made with an international market in mind.Terrific acting and very high technical credits add up to present a shocking, relentless crime drama. The DVD provides options for the comfort of various types of viewers (choice of Korean or English, with or without subtitles.) Some scenes are disturbingly graphic. If you are a fan of Seven or Silence of the Lambs, though, Tell Me Something comes recommended.
I really enjoyed this docu - was thought provoking and gut wrenchingly sad. I haven't seen Monster but I did watch Nick's original, so go out and watch that first, then sit back and be shocked, horrified, touched etc.. at this final chapter in the life of someone who did not deserve the life she had. I hope Jeb Bush watches this, I don't know how he can sleep at night - the karma police are going to catch you up. What a tragic tale.
STARDOM is a film that has been thoroughly misunderstood. Seen as a film about the superficiality of the modeling industry and the trivia of all media commentary, it is actually a film about the absence of a fully determining, existential self. On reflection--something most viewers have not had the patience to do--STARDOM is about the loss of moral centre in a world devoted to celebrity celebration and instant gratification. Have a look at it. Think about it. There is more to STARDOM than meets the eye!
Oh, no! Here comes another dubbed "Godzilla" export! There's so much about this movie that's easy to complain about. If Japan's supposed to be wizards in the video game/electronic industries, why are the special effects so bad? Second of all, the acting is terrible, the plot is pointless, and the ending line is just plain embarrassing..."there's a Godzilla in every one of us." I laughed at most of this movie when I should be biting my nails. A monster movie fan may enjoy this, but I didn't.
This is a great low budget flick, has an atractive cast, lots of male and female nudity, decent special effects, funny one-liners, stereotypical characters that are fun to watch: the tough guy, the dumb blond, the foreign chick, the guy who's seen every horror movie out there, the nerd, the guy that worries too much and the not-so bright heroine. This flick is about 7 college students who go to a house in the middle of the woods where they are attacked by a funny looking creature.
Dumb & Dumber is the best comedy film that I watch ever,Farrelly Brothers are the masters of the comedy in the 90´s with matt groening and Trey Parker.The film has got a funny and ironic screen with a lot of gags .Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are Jack Lemmon and Walter Mattau of the 90´s.Lauren Holly is great because she never do a comedy role and she play it very well.THE BEST COMEDY FILM OF THE 90´S AND MAYBE IN THE HISTORY. SENTENCE FOR DUMB AND DUMBER:EXCELLENT.************
Oh, man... I remember seeing this absolute dog as a teenager. It was a matinee in this run-down theater, and no one was there but me and some friends... The plot was so incomprehensible from the outset that we began hooting at Reb Brown (dressed as a caveman and Steve Martin look-alike)... every time someone called his name -- "Yor!" -- we would yell back in unison: "My what?" Crappy movie, but a fond memory. Can anyone explain how 22 people gave this laugher a "10?"
There are many timeless issues and interesting characters in this first-rate melodrama. There are secrets and lies aplenty lurking within the respectable facade of Peyton Place. Lana Turner plays against type as Constance Mackenzie, an uptight mother of an 18 year old girl. Her daughter and her friends have their fair share of problems and conflicts. The characters are realistic, they make you feel for them and want to follow their development. There is never a dull moment and I can thoroughly recommend this great slice-of-life drama!
Playing for Time deserved theatrical release, but as TV fare, perhaps among the finest, ranking up there with The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. Being a Jew, I received a lot of flak for applauding Vanessa Redgrave's magnificent performance, but one needs to separate the art from the politics. While physically Ms. Redgrave does not at all resemble the real Fanelon, one can't help feeling that she captured the role. My only criticism is the newswreel type footage used to depict the moving trains. First rate movie
I loved this Tarzan movie, as it goes right away from the normal Tarzan movie. I liked that it has the same type of features that Tarzan of the past has had, but with a new look to head into the next generation. Casper Van Dien really shines in this movie, he has an amazing amount of energy, which this film needed. This Tarzan movie has a new twist, with old ways of life meeting the new way of life. I think it is a great movie.
I first got hooked on StarCraft from my friend. The day after, I ran out and bought it. This game has a great story, great cinematics, and great units from all the races; Terran (Human), Protoss (Alien), and Zerg (bug-like critters). If you like StarCraft, then I suggest getting the expansion (Brood War). I would be grateful if they came out with a second expansion. I reccomend, again, that anyone who likes good graphics, real-time combat, great story lines, and sci-fi action get this game!
If anything, this film is a must-see for two of W.C. Field's scenes: 1) Fields' first meeting with Baby Le Roy (who also appears in It's a Gift), which is easily one of the best comedy scenes in the movies, and 2) Fields' juggling routine, for which he was very famous when he was a vaudevillian, justly so. There are several other great moments of slightly lesser value. Also, the plot and the supporting characters are consistently entertaining and endearing, so this one's a real winner. 9/10
Synopsis: Robert Duvall is hired to kill someone in Buenos Aires. As he waits for the guy to show up he learns how to tango. The movie is pretty bad actually. As far as tango ambiance is concerned I would rather watch again movies at the National Geographic site (http://magma.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/0312/feature2/index.html). However complete tango danced as a background to credits is worth rental price. Learned an interesting factoid: apparently in Argentina young attractive women are smitten with old goons. Food for thought 4/10
This isn't as good of a film as Boys Town, but then most sequels don't live up to the original. Mickey Rooney gives a refreshingly toned-down portrayal of an older, more mature Whitey Marsh, and of course Spencer Tracy fits right back into the role of Father Flanagan. A bit idealistic and old-fashioned, but perhaps that is exactly what draws me to films like these? Any fan of classic movies, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, or all of the above will have a nice time watching this movie.
I was really looking forward to this movie as I have always liked Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. However, this movie was SO one sided it was sickening. This film shows all the good sides of Jerry Lewis and all the BAD sides of Dean Martin. I wasn't surprised to learn that Jerry Lewis was a consultant on the film and that he was quite pleased with it.....it was very biased. I will say I thought the actors did an excellent job with tough roles to play.
Wonderland is an excellent reality drama in the best British tradition. Just 4 days out of the lives of members of 1 London family. Their hopes and ambitions, doubts and inability to communicate a perfect illustration of modern day big city life. The actors, though most of them well known from other British films and TV series always believable through very natural and modest acting. Only bad thing I can say about this movie: Michael Nyman has gone way over the top on the soundtrack!
Bravo Bava! This is cinematographer/director Mario at his excessive peak in this brilliantly fast and furious slasher classic. From the chilling outset to the "knock you out of your seat" closing, Bava handles the breaknet speed of plot development and the whirlwind body count escalation with masterly finesse. This is all served up with his trademark excesses of color, cinematic camera techniques, diametric mood shifts and glorious ghastly gore at there pinnacle, as well as with the slyest Italian tongue-in-cheek. The definitive slasher flick. God Bless Bava!
I am an NRI (non-resident Indian) living in the Philippines, and I could completely relate with the titular ABCD in the film. Though this film wasn't great.. (too many stereotypes: the "villain" with his side-kicks, the sometimes cliched love story).. and the scene where Salim was burqa-clad during the visit of Farah's parents seemed ripped off from many other Bollywood flicks. Yet this film is worth a watch, especially by NRI's, who are just as confused as Krishna aka Kris, or know another "American Desi" like him.
This film is an absolute delight, filled with fabulous performances by Stanley Tucci, Tony Shalhoub, Ian Holm, and Minnie Driver, I don't know how it managed to escape Oscar nominations. The sweet, poignant story of a restaurant proprietor and his brother, the cook's, attempts to keep their struggling franchise afloat is perfect fare not just for families, but for anyone who enjoys a truly well made film. Every aspect of this film sparkles, and provides a true cure to today's big bang, big money, flashtacular Hollywood films.
This is a movie without use. The title tells all: Translate into English (any continental variety)...it means something very close to "...The Giant Big." The film itself is worse. How, exactly, did the "creators" imagine the repeated use of the same shots would be un-noticed? How, exactly, did the "director" expect his audience wouldn't notice repeated reverse shots from lines earlier in the film? etc. etc. Don't buy. Don't rent. Don't steal. Ignore it. Maybe the glaciers will grind it to dust.
I could not stand more than 20 minutes of this travesty. The movie reminded me of a high school modern dance recital. After watching the movie for five minutes you realize that the dancers, yes dancers, go through the same movements over and over again. They aren't even good dancers. There are no actors, there is a voice-over telling what is going on as the `dancers' writhe. Sophocle's poetry is jettisoned for the voice over. Maybe the movie gets better, but I could not stand any more.
A classic sadly almost ignored and forgotten probably because of it's small scale being a quite simple screen version of the popular stage play. Alec Guinness is the Cardinal arrested by the state during the Cold War, Jack Hawkins is the state inquisitor trying to break him. Ex comrades in arms, fighting in the Resistance against the Nazis; they now find themselves on opposing sides of Church and State. An intense battle of wills ensues, superb performances all round including Wilfred Lawson as the jailer. Highly recommended.
Jack Black is the man, and Owen Wilson and Ben Stiller rock. This show was awesome. I really wish they would have made a few more episodes, though I doubt sincerely that it would have done well in the ratings. If no other reason, than this show is great because it featured a clip of Doctor Who, and played Metallica. These are a few of my favorite things. When the dog bites.... ahem, well, you get the idea. Funny, silly, and stupid. Can't ask for much more.
This is one of the reasons I miss the pc games made on the beginning of the decade. There was an atmosphere that only those never too clear graphics and that pc speaker music could offer. And this game shows that atmosphere perfectly. It was passionating to play it, and even addictive, it provided hours of good fun and many thinking, even despair. At the end, it's completely satisfying, in the tradition of lucasarts' magnificent graphical adventures (like the spectacular Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis).
From the opening notes of Nat 'King' Cole's great recording of Stardust, this film just steals your heart. If you are old enough to remember TV's Show Of Shows, live every week, this is a real treat. Peter O'Toole is magic as an Errol Flynn like movie star, swashing every buck in sight, charming the socks off one and all. The final scene of the live broadcast, with the mayhem caused by the gangsters invading the stage, is a classic. A delighful 90 minutes. 8/10 Jane
Ann Harding and William Powell are terrific in this strange little gem of a movie which runs the gamut from Pre-Code Drama to Screwball Comedy! (the closing dinner party scene is worth the price of admission). John Cromwell directs with a sure hand, especially in a great tracking shot involving the two sisters. It's incredible how modern films seem to lack any sense of sophistication and style in comparison with even lesser known films from the 30's like this one. A pure joy to watch.
This is not a great film, and certainly not a worthy sequel to the hysterical first film. The lack of any other characters from the first is a killing blow to this film. Its worth a look for the dog "ballsack" and for Taj. But otherwise its little more than giggle-worthy. Also, there is an incredible lack of research into real English society, This is the weakest Lampoon film i have ever seen. But worth a look when you're free Needed Ryan Reynolds.
Four friends facing their demons the summer after college graduation. This movie tries to be more than it is. It's characters are one dimensional parody's of what they could be. Situation are contrived. The writing is hit and miss. mostly miss. Production values are mostly good, although you do see the boom microphone is a couple of scenes. The acting is just a bit over the top. Something a good director could have fixed. Bottom line. Save your money and go see something else.
My dislike for musicals is well documented and this one is no exception. Though this one did feature a rather funny performance by Steve Martin. Without him the movie would have been completely unwatchable. As it is, any scene without him is rather boring and lame. I just had the hardest time watching this thing. The story has some 50's style to it, and it may appeal to people who liked that age. However, it is a musical so it was not going to appeal to me.
It's just not funny. Even viewed as a film of its time, it's still not very amusing. Neither of the two main characters has any charm or comic timing - the only mildly amusing character is Blakey the inspector. How this was ever a success is a mystery. However, there is one amusing part: The theme tune. It has this wonderfully dated lyric: "It's such a gay life on the buses. Make sure you leave your bird at home." That's a classic.
this "docuDRAMA" was sorely lacking in drama. you knew the story ahead of time even if you weren't aware of the story from the news. there's no suspense, no thrills, and no drama. it's drier then a 10th grade history lecture. the plot, such as it is, can be summarized in 3 lines, yet they drag it out to 2 hrs (with commercials). it reflects badly on me that i even watched it, but at least i was multi-tasking. save yourself the time, and don't bother.
Well, there must be a lot of pretentious people out there and several of them recommended this film to us. We simply couldn't fathom it. I am happy to accept that it is very hard to film in those frozen climbs and that this film might be deeply meaningful to Inuit people. Here in the UK, it was a hollow experience and we were unable to stick the 3 hours plus. Thank goodness we had waited for its TV viewing so we could fast forward the video.
I couldn't sit through this. The dialogue between Prinze and Forlani was brutal. I didn't make it to the end so I will give this a 3. I'm sure if I kept watching it could have become a rare 1. No adult could possibly enjoy this. I guess if you're a teen you may find this cute. I was physically attracted to Forlani before this role. Her lines were so annoying that I have seriously lost all of my attraction. That takes a lot my friends. PAINFUL!!!
"Amateur" -- Beautiful titles, title music, actors, actresses, sets and locations. But that's all, folks. If only this were a simple noir film! When movie dialog is so flat, so much less than ordinary speech, and so affectedly slow that the viewer hears each line 3 times mentally before it's actually spoken, something is wrong. I kept thinking, "Art, Art, Art, and plenty of it!" When the Avenging Angel fires his gun into a demon's body over and over, it's a perfect example of more is less.
Ok I have seen alot of bad rip offs about the great movie jaws but this is just stupid!!!!!!!!half the time it is not even about sharks. Most of the time it is about this guy and his brother(SPOIL)who gets killed at the end(END SPOIL)and how he hates him and he works for this evil fat guy (SPOIL) who gets killed by his own creations(END SPOIL)so to put it in plain turms THIS MOVIE REALLY REALLY SUCKED so do yourself a favor AND DO NOT WATCH IT.
This movie is just a waste. One of the worst John Candy movies ever made. I don't think I laughed at anything in it. Not the stiff acting, the moronic plot and certainly not any of the so-called "jokes." If this was the first movie for any of these actors, none of them would ever work again. It was so bad that it made me feel sorry for Alan Alda, who I don't think rises to the acting ability of a second grader in a Christmas pagent.
I really don't know why there are all those brilliant reviews in so many respected papers and magazines. This was a hell of a deception to me, an utterly boring (cinematography & story) display of cardboard characters played by wooden actors, esp. the highly credited Sophie Rois delivers an exceptionally bad performance. Too much of an artificial appeal to be realistic, too pretentious to be funny, too silly to be taken seriously: so the film doesn't even make it to be a "good bad movie". Not amused.
I love the anime version. I knew this one would be a train wreck, but had to check it out. The fights bored me to tears. The guy playing Kenshiro looked too much like Kevin Nealon in a bad wig for me to take seriously. The fact that Downtown Julie Brown was the best actor in the mess should be enough to warn you away. Kenshiro's head-exploding move looked like something out of hot shots part deux. A for effort, but they just weren't up the task.
Not even the Miklos Rozsa Oscar nominated score (a mediocre one at that) can save this boring, Grade B western. Despite Mr. Maltin's high opinion and despite Claire Trevor's desperate attempts to act, this is pretty poor stuff. Albert Dekker is a boring Bat Masterson and Barry Sullivan is his befuddled rival. The girlfriend they share - Trevor - tries to get Bat to give up his guns and take up journalism. This is not a very exciting plot premise. Avoid this one unless you have insomnia.
I lose concentration many times while watching this movie. It's very boring, I almost can't watch till it ends. On my first thought was film like this should be on TV instead. Ha ha, I just knew it is TV movie. (I saw it on VCR in my country) The plot is so dull, I can't find anything fun in it (this is the main reason why I can't keep an eye on it) and filmography not help this movie more interesting. (it's so so, nothing fascinating)
The idea is interesting, and it's refreshing that people from future are in game, and not aliens again. And also, music, title sequence and effects are very well done. But story is not believable and neither is acting. I can't believe how unrealistic and incompetent American government and her officials are displayed. Well, except the part about acting all morally righteous, especially with people from other countries (Rwanda). It's a shame, because this could have been a great SF. Have you noticed advertisement?
One wonders why this was even adapted from the stage. Maybe the play was worth seeing but this movie arrived a few years too late to be a decent critique of lad culture. Yaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwn! Lazy adaptation. And as for the ending? We didn't write any decent scenes to wrap the film up so we just wrote these stupid captions instead! Come on guys! How could a screenplay that had such noticeable flaws ever make it to the screen? Don't even bother seeing this.
Based on R1 DVD 109 mins - Renegade Version Ten thousand imdb voters cannot be wrong, well I should have heeded my own advice. Basically it's rubbish, badly edited, poorly constructed rubbish. Scenes are out of sequence, the Alps are in the middle of Nevada, no ones ever heard of a weather balloon - I could go on but I'd prefer to forget everything I know about this movie as quickly as possible. 3/10 - it could have been worse but not by much.
I preferred the original, it was much more gripping. There's not a lot of great acting here, with the exceptions of Harvey Keitel and Brian Dennehy. Everyone else seems to be posing up a storm, like they cast a bunch of models, led by Gorgeous George Clooney, still tilting his head and smirking as though that made a character come to life. I was disappointed by this and angry that they remade a great movie into a ho-hum one. Skip it.
Nothing says scheming television weather man like John Travolta. Trust me, my sarcasm is well warranted. This movie misses the mark terribly. Even a cast featuring John Travolta and Lisa Kudrow could not make this picture worth seeing. The plot was overly simplistic at best, accompanied by an ending that can best be explained as lazy and incomplete. I left the theatre with only one question, What has happened to John Travolta's choice of movie roles ? Does anyone remember "Battlefield Earth" ? Need I say more...
This movie was horrible. This only reason I watched it was because my roommate and I were playing Mystery Science Theater 3000 to it. The technical facts are virtually all incorrect, and the acting is even worse. The producers couldn't even afford to produce their own effects, they had to steal footage from Flight of the Intruder, Crimson Tide, Bat 21, and others. Do not watch this movie unless you want a good hour and a half worth of laughs (although the director didn't intend this ).
This is actually one of those productions (I wouldn't be willing to call this a movie) I regret I can't vote a '0' for... The plot (story? What story???) is pathetic nonsense throughout, a script obviously non-existent, acting is ridiculous, f/x are more than poor (even for low-budget standards) - all in all this is a complete waste of time (not a waste of talent though, as there simply is none at all...), nothing more or less than disgusting dreck! Better avoid it if you can. 1/10
The movie is totally pathetic. The plot is just ridiculous, with very poor selection of "funny" scenes, including some totally displaced "sexy scenes". America is not the greatest place to live, and americans are not the smartest nation on this globe, and this movie is just another proof. I regret having spent $5.69 Canadian to watch another stupid movie about american "heroes". I am completely astonished at how stupid movies have become from our southern neighbours. I really feel compelled to start watching any movie but american.
This movie starts out like a "Snow Dogs" knockoff, but quickly turns sour. It has a simple story line and predictable plot twists, but seems like it could be a fun kids movie. Pretty quickly, you discover that the movie is filled with sexual content, male crotch gags, constipation & fart gags, homophobic innuendo, and plain stupidity. I have always liked Skeet Ulrich and Leslie Nielsen, but this movie is just plain bad! I just hope that no parent ever lets their kids watch this movie.
Don't know what all the hype was about. All in all I cried about wasting my time watching this over-hyped film. Did absolutely nothing for me. As for the big surprise, it certainly was not a secret to me. It was telegraphed way ahead of time, so that my reaction at the fateful moment was "is that all there is?". I actually kept watching the rest of the movie since I was expecting something bigger or more shocking. Nothing at all special about this movie.
This film is a national disgrace. This is the cinematic equivalent of the mad relative kept locked in the attic. This film and it's sequels represent the nadir of British film. Naturally a film this bad has to have a cult following - just check out the number of people who gave it "TEN" - and it's hard not to marvel at just how a film could be so bad. So sit back and watch to see a film worse than you can possibly imagine.
This is a cut and paste film made up of bits of the original series which I have not seen. If you are not familiar with the series this is not a good way of getting into it as it leaves you extremely confused and frustrated with the random parts of story lines crammed into the duration of this film, the sequel,"the end of evangelion" is fantastic only wish I could have seen the series first rather than this released, for the sake of making money, film.
This films attempts to be three things: a mystery (wherein it wastes actor Skeet Ulrich), a "first love" story, and a portrait of boys at a boarding school. Since a few of the young actors are decent, the movie almost succeeds at the portrait. But if fails at the other to stories. Ryder sleep walks through an enigmatic and poorly conceived role, and there really is not very much tension or mystery. This could have been a noirish hoot, but it ends up being uncooked scrambled eggs.
If you decide to watch the movie, count how many times Terry Farrell's character makes a dumb decision. Get this: AFter she finds out that a serial killer is on her plane hunting her and her family, she keeps LEAVING HER DEFENSELESS SON ALL ALONE at every opportunity! Also, I've never seen a more nosy wife. Also, if you were an FBI agent hunting a serial killer, would you really bring your wife and son to Austarlia with you to interview the serial killer? Dumb, dumb, dumb.
"Necronomicon" is an analogy of three short stories:1)"The Drowned"(Christophe Gans)2)"Cold"(Shusuke Kaneko)and 3)"Whispers"(Brian Yuzna).In my opinion,the first one is the best one maybe because it's highly atmospheric and a little bit creepy.It has also very appealing cast(Bruce Payne,Richard Lynch or wonderful Belinda Bauer).The second one is very weak:boring and full of uninteresting characters.I didn't enjoy it.The third one is too bizarre and also very ridiculous.It has some nice gore effects and nothing more.I suggest you to watch only the first story-"The Drowned".Don't bother with rest.My evaluation:4/10 perhaps 5/10.
This movie is a must for persons who also want to make a movie in the future. Then you'll know there are always worst. The actors are so bad that they are becoming funny. The discussion at the table before entering the house is excellent. The "special effects" are the worst I've ever seen. The crew did have the guts to make and show this crap on TV, and that's brilliant. We were constantly laughing, you must realize that this movie is not seriously meant (I hope).
If you have absolutely nothing to do, or you need to critique a film as an academic exercise, try this one. I saw the USA version, with English dubbed in, out of sync with the lip-movements. One can't help but notice the style of cinematography, music, editing and direction so much like the Clint Eastwood "spaghetti-westerns", or Hercules movies of the 1950's. If you want to see a movie about the Battle of Britain, there are others that are better (e.g. "The Battle of Britain").
I'm watching this during one of the 5 coldest winters in recorded North American history in the Northeast US and maritime regions of Canada and I am amazed at how absolutely wrong this movie is in every regard. History will prove that this movie was based on hysterical false assumptions and pseudoscience. If you want to watch a group of mediocre actors have water blown on them , feel free to enjoy but don't make the mistake of believing that anything in this movie is remotely accurate.
Lately I have been watching Agatha Christie stories that have been made into movies. Some of them, like Murder on the Nile, and Murder on the Orient Express, are great films. This one is not. I would suggest you pass on this film and watch either version of 10 Little Indians instead. This film suffers from unimaginative directing, poor acting, and poor writing. Some of the plot devices were so bad I could have done better. This is a very poor film, I would recommend avoiding it.
Yawn. This movie is a real snoozefest. As someone who is in an interracial marriage, I was curious to see how this movie handled this issue. Had it not been for this personal reason, there is no way I could have sat through this incredibly boring movie. The only parts of the movie that really made me laugh were the few scenes with Alex Whitman (Matthew Perry's) parents. These couple of pages had some real energy to them. Too bad the rest of the movie did not.
Perhaps the worst Bette Davis movie ever. So cheaply shot it looks like a college production. Davis acts with the high-pitched little girl voice that she patented in the final reels of "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" and, boy, is it annoying. Worse, Jack Cassidy is woefully unfunny as a conservative cop who sexually harasses and finally seduces his beautiful young assistant. Davis keeps those famed eyes covered with dark glasses for about 90 percent of the time. Skip this one: no entertainment or camp value.
How dare they call this IM2! Horrible movie. What was Ping thinking? As far as the confusing plot goes.. whatever! Only thing good about this move is that it has Donnie Yen (who was fantastic in OUATIC 2, Wing Chun and Iron Monkey [in fact all three of these I consider some of the best of the best], shows off some impressive Wing Chun skills). So, if you want to see some good Wing Chun and don't care about the horrible setting. Go for it.
Me and my brother had borrowed some movies......all B-rated movies.I thought it would be cool to see Corey Feldman in a horror movie. And he did really good as a computer hacker. But I found the movie as pretty lame, but still pretty fun to watch. I think a lot of new space-horror movies is trying to be in the same class as Alien and the Predator movies, but most movies are far away from close. Legion is ok, it gets 6 out of 10 from me.
When going to this movie we didn't know what to expect anything, and thats exactely what we got. Horrible acting (reading lines from an autocue would be the same as this acting), reasonable actors but the whole thing was a bad mix of a dutch try on 'American Pie' meets dutch B-film. I bet this movie won't make it through a second week of showing in the theaters, and the DVD will go directly to the 50%-off section. Too bad, it could have been a nice movie.
As a reader of EQ mysteries, and a collector of his films, I have to say that this is the absolute WORST in the entire series! EQ, far from being a "master detective", is portrayed as a bumbling fool who continually gets in his father's way. Not only that, but the background music in this film is totally UNRELATED to the action....it's as if someone off-screen turned on a radio and let it play while the movie was being shot. Pass on this one!
That I'm inspired to go back and *raise* my votes for other stinkers just to give my vote of 1 a little more oomph. The main character wanders around killing people, but nobody in town seems to notice or care. You won't, either. The killings have some connection with an ancient curse and/or the "Dungeons & Dragons"-like game he plays. At least, that's what the blurb on the back of the box claims - I suspected we were cutting away to scenes from another movie at random.
The story itself isn't too bad. It might even have worked if not for what might challenge for the title of worst dialogue in film history. Those words come right out of some second rate teen magazine photo love story. The cast is not much better but even if they were, there's nothing to save here. You on the other hand can save your time and money and go watch some decent movie. Bad enough, that I had to endure this torture. 3/10 (and that's really friendly)
I was surprised to see that IMDb users had given this movie a 7.0. It's really pretty terrible. I gave it a 3.0, and that was being generous. It's ridiculous, opaque and all around pretty stupid. It's empty of any emotion or believability. I had no sympathy and very little interest in the characters. Every time I started to get interested or began to like someone, something ridiculous or stupid happened. I was very disappointed in this movie. What did I miss? How come everybody liked it?
Although my comment is based on seeing the whole movie, it won't differ much from what was said by people who couldn't stand it entirely. What's worth of this movie are (maybe) the fight scenes, but they are islands in an ocean of boredom. The characters are impossibilities, the plot, although overly twisted, doesn't manage to keep the interest, and the beast's FX are worse than those in 1984's Terminator I. Rating: 3/10, thanks to the fight scenes (pity they don't comprise 30% of the movie's length).
Bad 08/15 story. They made the same failures like made in Final Fantasy(Spirits within). It's an standard, I would call it "american story". Not funny. And to technically without spirit. Probably I have watched to many Ghibli movies. And there is not one character I like. They are all stupid and to "designed". watch an good German made (animation-)movie watch "Obelix and Asterix in Amerika". Another tip: Watch this movie without sound, it's a really nice CG Animation without story.
Simply awful. Yes, I 'get' it - war has shattered traditional notions of right and wrong, you can't tell the victims from the criminals, violence can happen at any time, etc. All of which provides a convenient excuse to make an entire movie of long, lingering, rape fantasies. A slobbering drunk accosts a young war widow on a train. A young punk with a knife threatens a girl on a bus. A man is held at gunpoint while his girlfriend is molested. Disgusting.
This one has a promising video cover and an intriguing title ("The Secret Of The Seagull Island"), but don't be fooled (like I was). Its TV-movie feel is strong but could be forgiven if it achieved its goals in the other departments. But the "secrets" are unsensational, the plot is illogical and the pacing is plodding. The only two reasons that would make me give it one star instead of none are the well-shot underwater scenes and the not-bad acting. But it's still a waste of time.
I'm sorry to say that, but i can hardly say it's a good film... The cinematography is dull, the photography is so cheapo that you could think you're in a "Derrick" episode. The scenario losses some parts during the timeline... Even the music (composed by the professional Edgar Froese) is - uhm... Outdated? No 80s revival will save this film from the brink of extinction. The only advantage for its producers is that you CAN'T forget it after a vision. Uhmm... Not for the good, i'm afraid..
Being that the only foreign films I usually like star a Japanese person in a rubber suit who crushes little tiny buildings and tanks, I had high hopes for this movie. I thought that this was a movie that wouldn't put me to sleep. WRONG! Starts off with a bang, okay, now she's in training, alright, she's an assassin, I'm still with you, oh, now she's having this moral dilemma and she can't decide if she loves her boyfriend or her controller, zzzzz.... Oh well, back to Gamera!
This movie is a testament to the power of love. Orson Welles portrays a WWII vet who will not allow himself to ruin his wife's new life. As I watched the scene where he denies his true identity, I was awestruck by the sacrifice he made. The scene in which he met and spoke with his son was so touching!! This is an awesome must-see for Orson Welles fans. Also the casting of a young Richard Long and a very young Natalie Wood was a stroke of genius!!
Lots of dissing for both Alicia and Benicio but it seems disingenuous. This is not a profound film but it IS a fun one. Nice photography, a plot that has a good rhythm and tempo, engaging characters that are well acted and clever film devices (for one, the conflict regarding her smoking that set up the plot complication in the first place). Walken is great as usual as a character both scary AND endearing. Spark a blunt, open a beer and enjoy this silly but fun little flick.
I was lucky enough to see a preview of this film tonight. This was a very cool, eerie film. Well acted, especially by Skarsgard who played his role of Terry Glass perfectly. Sobieski did a very good job too as it seems to me that she has a bright future ahead of her. The music was well placed but was fairly standard. The use of shadows was quite interesting as well. Overall, this was quite a nice surprise considering I'm not much a fan of this genre. 7/10.
Saw the movie, and up to the point,where the 2 Guys in the Ferrari show up it's good...but then... The Jaguar's brakes stop working he crashes in the back of the Ferrari, speeds up again and crashes again...come on! Never heard of an N or Handbrake? = Faild in the 1st Driving-Lesson...and then, just to top the Joke...Terry comes back...Is this a joke review of the 1st Scenes, where they where sitting in the Cinema (I think it was Jason) The last 10Min. spoilt the whole movie. Trash.
This is one great romantic film. Joan Fontaine and Joseph Cotten who are presumed to be passengers on a ill-fated flight and, though listed as among the dead, are actually alive. They fall in love and spend time together in a villa in Florence. The wonderful "September Song" weaves its magic throughout the film. Joan Fontaine is vivacious, luminous and charming in her role as Manina Stewart and Joseph Cotten is great as David Lawrence. This is one of my all-time favorite films. It is available on video.
This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. Despite the sex and nudity the plot is ridiculous, the actors are mediocre, and the script is so bad that it verges on the involuntarily funny. The plot reminds of certain films by Almodovàr, but unfortunately Julio Medem is not Almodovàr. The sex disappears after one third of the story. Paz Vega is certainly beautiful and we see a lot of her (especially naked) but she can't save this awful mess. Avoid like the plague.
Nicely shot, well lit and great music. I'd love to write some more positives, but I'm struggling to find them. I think the script is mainly at fault - it disobeys most of the screenwriting rules (fair enough if the final product works, not if it bores you to tears) and doesn't offer the viewer enough to hold their interest. At the end of the day, there aren't many films you can return to after taking a leak and not realise that's it's still paused for 10 seconds.
Laura Dern's character, Connie, is a spoiled, rebellious, selfish teen who has nothing on her mind but boys and fun. Her attitude alienates her from homelife and family which leads her straight into trouble. This was a good portrayal of how young people fritter away their time chasing after their own useless future when they could be preparing for a better life. Connie is a victim of her own parents apathy, just as they were victimized by their parents inability to guide and prepare children. Very good film.
Realistic, deep characters, fast-paced storyline that grabbed me right from the very beginning, great special effects, and amazing acting! I saw this for the first time when I was 13, and have been watching it ever since. I love how Holmes gets all of his trademarks throughout the movie, and Watson is hilarious ("perhaps there's something we've learned in school we can apply to this!"). A note to those who haven't seen it yet: watch all the way past the end credits. There's something important after the credits.
I have seen this movie more times than I could think to count. It is absolutely hilarious! I know every word. Really. Moving is my all time favorite comedy. When I come across a friend who hasn't seen it or even heard of it, I quickly rectify. It's a classic. Randy Quaid's performance(s) is flawless. Dana Carvey will make your tummy ache from laughing so hard. Richard Pryor is perfection. Anytime I need a guaranteed laugh, I pop this one in. Excellent from beginning to end.
Even if you could get past the idea that these boring characters personally witnessed every Significant Moment of the 1960s (ok, so Katie didn't join the Manson Family, and nobody died at Altamont), this movie was still unbelievably awful. I got the impression that the "writers" just locked themselves in a room and watched "Forrest Gump," "The Wonder Years," and Oliver Stone's 60s films over and over again and called it research. A Canadian television critic called the conclusion of the first episode "head spinning". He was right.
I took my two girls to see this yesterday, and I was very disappointed. The trains have little to do with the (confused and disjointed) plot of the film, they give what can best be described as extended cameo appearances, which presumably are meant to prop up the wooded acting performances (of all but Didi Conn). The film seems to have been edited at random, several plot lines just suddenly disappear. The children just about enjoyed it, but not as much as they usually enjoy a childrens' film.
The first time i saw this movie was on cinemax 2 days before halloween. It has the best score and the filming is excellent. The plot keeps on going and never stops. Their is not one part in the whole film that is boring. I must say that since the first time i saw it I have bought it on tape and when I got a dvd player i bought it for that too. so if you are a true fan of horror you must see this film!
Anything with the great Jack Lemmon is always worth checking out, but... Sorry, I have to agree with Leonard Maltin on this rather controversial movie. I found "The Out-of-Towners" to be an endless series of mishaps that before long became extremely tiresome to watch. The characters, especially the whiny wife, grated on my nerves and the only amusing part of the entire film was the ending. I'm not familiar with the Steve Martin-Goldie Hawn remake, but surely the main characters in that one can't be this irritating.
What better way to make an encore performance of a classic TV series? Make a movie. The Superdimension (not Superdimensional) Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love? re-tells the famed Macross story with a whole new style. Actually a "fiction within fiction," it varies from the original storyline, a near-perfect complement to the series. Perhaps it doesn't match the substance of the series, but the improved style makes up for it. With improved designs, animation, and the new title song, even the most ardent Macross "purist" will enjoy.
I grew up with Allen Funt shows and this movie only proves how much laughter Allen Funt has brought to people and it has never been to make anyone feel anything but glad to be included in his wonderful work. I think the cast was perfect and a remake would be great for younger people at this time. It was done with excellent taste as always by him. He has always shown great respect for all people. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys to laugh.
As I watched this on PBS I imagined my grandfather spending his twenty cents to watch in the theater. Romance and passion in the tropical sea breeze. A sea adventurer(Joel McCrea) falls in love with an island beauty(Dolores del Rio)who's destiny is to be sacrificed to Pele, the God of Volcanos. Of note: del Rio's nude underwater swimming scene. And Max Steiner's score is the first to orchestrate a "talkie" from beginning to end. The supporting cast includes: Richard Gallagher, John Halliday, Reginald Simpson and Lon Chaney Jr.
I think that "The Other Me" was an amazingly humorous movie and I recommend that when you get a chance to watch it you do. Andy Lawrence did a great job along with everyone else involved in the movie. If you cannot see the movie then I recommend reading the book and if you have seen the movie then you should read the book also if you've read the book then you should see the movie. I think that the movie was a great reflection of the book.
Great directing, editing, photography and acting! It's difficult to make a movie about someone as well known as John Lennon and tell us something new, but the writer and his collaborators do just that. Phillip McQuillan is really exceptional, capturing the heady mix of hurt, anger and brilliance that John Lennon possessed. He has moments that are so right they're eerie. Christine Kavanagh, Blair Brown and Jamie Glover also shine. The mood of the early Beatles performances are captured perfectly by the hand-held camerawork and stylish, edgy cutting.
Well, this film is great, it's one of the few decent american comedy films of the 90s,Jason Lee i feel puts in a great performance. Everytime i see the film it still cracks me up, even after a few years have passed (nearly a decade....does time go that fast!!!) There's no real "serious" acting, but comedy films are rarely powerfully acted dramas! i rate this an 8. Comments are welcome to me via my email. PS-entitle the subject MALLRATS (so i know it aint spam!)
this is the greatest movie ever made. i have seen other movies but none are as authentic to the times as boulevard nights. no stereotypes or exaggerated characters. no movie ever made on any budget with any great actors pulled off such a believable urban setting. no m-16 toting ninjas, no nortenos and surenos kicking it together. a common mistake, back in the day, vatos didn'thave gang signs it must take a low budget chicano movie made in the time to be more authentic then hollywood can buy
"The Criminal" is a noirish Brit crime flick which tells of a man (Mackintosh) who is in the wrong place at the wrong time and finds himself as a murder suspect on the run from the police and a bunch of super secret underground heavies. A busy flick with little to offer save a bunch of running around, "The Criminal" suffers from low budgetness, a thin plot, lots of filler, and an awful ending. An okay time waster for the couch potato who can't find anything better. (+D)
I thought this movie was really good especially considering that there were only about 4 main characters in the entire movie. I really wanted to see this movie because of Bug Hall. Who by the way was totally HOT in this movie. I think he's a really good actor and is totally underrated. The guy who played Eddie did a pretty good job too. In all this movie could have been better, as most movies could, but it's not a bad way to spend 2 hours. Very entertaining.
1st watched 3/31/2002 - 8 out of 10(Dir-Richard Shepard): Well-made thriller that is advertised by it's depiction of being buried alive and is actually much more than this. Tierney & Brody give wonderful performances in each of their roles and the direction is almost spotless. Very overlooked movie which deserves much more attention for how well it was done despite not working for a major movie company. I will be looking for more by Mr. Shepard whose direction really made this movie work as well as it did.
Juliette Binoche gives a riveting performance as Madame La, the wife of a Captain of the guard on a small French-owned island(Saint Pierre)off the coast of Newfoundland. When a man (Emir Kusturica) is found guilty of a senseless murder and sentenced to death, the execution is postponed until a guillotine can be sent for. Meanwhile Madame La becomes interested in his fate, hoping for his rehabilitation. Daniel Auteuil gives another brilliant performance as her devoted husband. Well acted and beautifully filmed, the film is a pleasure to watch.
"Heart" is an engrossing study of extremes.This film takes us on an extremely profound journey of obsessions,manifested in four characters. Maria,the mother grieving over the loss of her son.Gary,the husband tormented by his wife's infidelity.Tess,the unfaithful wife & Alex,the lover. Each characters arch,is the fact that they are so human that it is easy to lose yourself in each characters personal journey.The plot itself is perfectly structered to allow the story to unfold itself. One of the best Brittish films I have seen in years.
Enjoyable film, though more like a play, examining relationships between two married couples. Scores highly with me for an excellent script. The main players give full-blooded self-indulgent and self centred performances. One message from the movie is, if you want to make a marriage,it takes hard work; more importantly the film suggests some of us are not suited for that institution. I thought the ending was a bit too cosy, but on the whole the writing and directing gives this film an 8 out of 10 from me.
I still don't now if these twins are conjoined or not. Most say they are not. There performances were superb. No matter what, they are not freaks. They are two sensitive people trapped in the same body. I only wanted the very best for them. An empathy developed. It is sad that nature plays such downright dirty tricks. They were the nicest people around. It makes you want to help the less fortunate. I give this film 10 stars. I will see it again.
This film brings out the best of three genres: Fantasy, Romance, and Comedy. Brilliantly done in all regards! The User named Kimta noted that she wishes there was a Splash II, but that it would have to be film completely underwater. Well... there is a Splash 2, but it didn't go in that direction! I wish it had, but they used a different cast and a different idea. It is still worth a look, but not near this film is style and class. This film gets a 10!
This is actually an above average sequel. Yes it's low budget and there are no celberities(except Eddie Albert if he counts) but the film is done tastefully. There are some good scares and it's a good follow up to the original. The original actress who played Remi in the original returns as a teacher who suspects the judus breed has returned. It's not as good as the orginal but it's very decent. Plus the special effects are good, good action, good suprises and it's short which always helps.
If you hear anything bad about this documentary, stop listening. If you don't smile while watching the concert footage, you don't love rock 'n' roll. Betty is a complicated, intelligent, real human being with all the frailties that includes...but he is a generous showman who personifies rock music. If there was any doubt who the father of rock 'n' roll was, with all due respect to the King, there is none after watching this absorbing, if incomplete, biopic about Chuck Berry. Don't rent it - buy it. Today.
A great cast Beautiful setting Lively script (based on a fab novel (i've had so many recommendations to read it) It's a touching film, possibly even a tear jerker that most women are likely to fall in love with. The lead part of Cassandra is played with commitment and I believed 100% in her character because she did. Other characters, her father, played by Bill Nighy added a sense of humour to the film. Basically its a great film. Watch it.
I have no idea whose brilliant idea it was to make this movie. There's almost no action, no plot, and no point to it. As others have stated, even the MST3K-enhanced version of this movie is terrible. I heard Universal actually sold this movie to another company. It's not hard to see why. The Creepers' acting is horrible in the movie and so is everyone else for that matter. Pass the movie up if you see it somewhere, you will be bored to death if you don't!
Badge 373 is an excellent movie that features Duvall at his best. He's better in this outing than he was in Let's Get Harry and Falling Down, which were also, arguably, some of Duvall's best works (that some could say were ruined by bad direction and a bad supporting cast). Not this time, though! The writing and direction are brilliant. The pace is a little bit too slow for an early 70s "cop" flick, but it's still above-average and a good find. Check it out and be amazed.
This stunning film noir's politics may seem a bit dated, but besides that it hasn't aged a day. The cinematography is brilliant, the performances flawless. Easily ranks with Chinatown, The Maltese Falcon and Touch of Evil among the great film noirs of all time. Orson Welles leaves a lasting impression in his mere 3 scenes. Joseph Cotton is brilliantly restrained as the out of his depth American writer. Carol Reed's direction is magnificent. That last shot is, in my opinion, the best ending to a film noir EVER.
A complete pile of hooey! This is one of the most muddled movies you'll ever see. None of the plot makes any sense, characters come and go without rhyme nor reason (in fact Roundtree is killed at one point and then appears again a few scenes later - and he isn't playing Jesus!). The biggest disappointment is reserved for fans of La Collins - she makes a tiny cameo appearance moments before the end, for no good reason, then the film finishes. Audience breathes a sigh of relief.
With out ruining all the films twists and turns (I recommend reading as few reviews as possible before seeing the film), this is a great little thriller. Very stylish cinematography and good characters. The twists (there are only a few, so don't let them be ruined by careless reviewers!) were unpredictable, mostly. Great film, only complaint would be the very horror-slasher ending which left me a little disappointed given such an intelligent premise. And no I don't think that will ruin anything for the first time viewer...
Whether it is the incredibly low budget Lost rip-off, retarded script, or just incredibly low budget-ness itself, this movie will destroy braincells. See this and feel dumber. It's amazing. I see these crappazz movies for Bruce Boxleitner. Well don't -- his role is pathetic and he dies anyways. The "special effects" are unwatchable. Worse than Mortal Kombat Annhilation (I know, unheard of). I am getting sick and tired of formula commodity movies whose pre-fabbed scripts are no different from commercials. This is one of those.
At first, I thought this was going to be another killer ape picture, instead it was an very cool knock-off of David Cronenberg's "Rabid", with awesome effects by Carlo Rambaldi. I thoroughly enjoyed watching these characters go berzerk to the music of Claudio Simonetti. The gore was plentiful and the ruckus at the Halloween dance was very exciting. It was also fun to watch one of Rob Lowe's brothers in yet another B horror picture. My only problem was the dated pop tunes that plagued the movie's soundtrack.
Not bad not good this movie is a 1001 rip-off of Stranger in the House and many other to date, but with a twist. the actors act like there acting in quicksand also it remind me of Home Alone 15 years later... All in all it o.k to watch if you have nothing to do and I do mean nothing.. One more thing if you're Brandon Lee fan, the main actor could pass for his long lost brother bad-actor-Lee... Bruce Lee be glad this guy isn't your son.....
Slapstick takes a back seat to wit and charm - especially wit. This is the Harold Lloyd film that contains the often-quoted scene where Harold imagines he is a latter day Shakespeare. One episode is so good it was copied decades later in THE GRADUATE. I won't say what it is immediately recognizable. The only disappointment is that one of the original day-dream sequences was cut following adverse comments at the preview. Apparently the audience wasn't into wit, and got bored waiting for more slapstick. (Nothing changes.)
ACE VENTURA: PET DETECTIVE had plenty of laughs, but some of the humor was stupid. Jim Carrey was part of that. He was funny mostly, but also very dumb. The reason I like this movie is because I like that type of movie-Cops or robbers or detectives and stuff(BEVERLY HILLS COP, 48 HRS, LETHAL WEAPON, etc.). This one was like those, but not quite worthy. I liked it, and recommend it to any Jim Carrey fan, or someone who just wants some, comedy that's stupid, yet funny. 7/10
I always like playing a good adventure game, and this one is absolutely among the top three ones ever made according to me and a lot of others.. This game is really the top of the cream and will be for a long time because there hasn't been any game like this before..at least not as good. The sad thing though, is that it hasn't been really integrated and didn't have a chance to be. But if You ever liked ANY adventure game, play this.
wow it realy makes a change to see a quite lowbudget non cinema release movie thats this good its full of suspense and to be quite honest (some may not agree) the sfx are very good the spider is very well computerised and looks very very realistic the only downfall is when it gets to the size of a building the spfx arnt bad but their not very good but thats expected with these kinda films anyway rent or buy it it is actualy quite good 7/10
Basically this movie sucked. The major flaws was that it's story and characters were not even good enough to be called "B movie" actors. The lead character played by Lana Parillia was annoying at best and down right aggrivating most other times.(Lana who? don't worry no one else know who she is either!)The special effects were kinda cool but a total waste of money when combined with this lame half witted story. I gave it a 1 and would have given it a zero if I could have.
"Animalympics" is a great parody of the Olympics. It actually combines two events into one, as both winter and summer sports are presented. The animation is okay, but not the best. However, the clever script and voices by Gilda Radner, Billy Crystal, Harry Shearer and Michael Fremer more than make up for it. The music, by Graham Gouldman of the group "10cc," is wonderful. (I was fortunate enough to find a copy of it on vinyl and I have been a happy person ever since.) Well worth watching.
Speedy Gonzales was essentially a one-note character (kind of like the Roadrunner) so the quality of a Speedy cartoon is largely dependent on the surrounding characters and situations they get themselves into rather than Speedy himself. The two mice Speedy is rescuing frequently, Pablo and Fernando are excellent characters. The songs they sing in this are very funny and the situations that arise from their actins are what makes the cartoon. Not easy to find and rarely aired on Cartoon Network, but well worth digging up and Recommended.
this is your typical teen movie... there's just nothing great about this. it's not scary either. the hanging body in the beginning didn't scare me at all. it seemed rather pretentious... and very predictable. then nothing happens in a long time. the movie just lags.. the nerdy girl isn't particularly interesting. tomie is kinda hot, but she doesn't show her tits in this flick... =D=D=D i guess i've seen worse, but i would skip this one... don't rent it. ...
Me growing up watching the Friday the 13th series, left me loving it,but this part was the WORST, i hated it so much and it makes me feel like never ever watching any part of its series again. The cast was lame,the acting was very poor, and the script was disgusting,this makes part 5 looks soooooo good.There's a new Freddy V.S jason coming out and I'M NOT looking forward to seeing it. Out of 5 Acting-1.0 Actors-1.0 Script-0.5 Display-1.5 Performace-1.0 Suspence-1.0 Credits-1.5 End-1.5 Overall-1.1/5.0 F
I tried to watch this piece of trash late one night, and even though I have a profound phobia about alien abduction (no, I'm not lying) I didn't think this was scary and I didn't think it was suspenseful. The 'special' effects were absolutely idiotic. I can't believe that anyone would think that those blue creatures were aliens. I'm getting sleepy just thinking of it. I'm not sure that they weren't trying to make a spoof. It was _that_ bad. A ridiculous waste of film. 1/10
The summary line says it all. Bogie as a kinda sexy guy, a la Casablanca, at first, but becoming more unhinged as time passes. (And a great nod to Casablanca's closing line.) An English country house with tea parties and hybrid rose gardens. Snooty neighbors and an eccentric housekeeper. A parish church with bells that chime at propitious moments. A glowing glass of poisoned milk (although not a glowy as in Suspicion). Kind of a fun movie, as it turns out.
Another of those above average movies that Gere usually does.He carries the movie on his shoulders here as he gives us a peek into the "guilty untill proven innocent style" justice system of Communist China.The movie tries it's best to be fair but the screenplay and script are so below average,it comes off as forced.The Chinese actress who played Gere's lawyer was very good and if you are a fan of political court drama or a big fan of Gere,you will be satisfied with this movie.....
Bram Stoker's Dracula -------------------------------------------------Nosferatu -------------------------------------------------------------The Lost Boys ---------------------------------------------------------Fright Night ---------------------------------------------------------- I have this thing for Vampire movies and I've got to say, I believe this one was a classic. Although it may not be so intriguing to those who are looking for an intellectual movie, if you like old classics, this may be the movie for you. Completed with comedic lines, gore that just doesn't impress the people of the millennium, and a classic Crypt Keeper ending twist, Bordello of Blood is a good watch.
A super sci-fi movie that doesn't take itself too seriously, but also doesn't get out of hand with being too ridiculous. The characters are extremely well played and the idea of the movie is unlike anything I had seen before. Men in Black and Matrix probably borrowed some of their ideas from this movie - it is fairly obvious. The credits are some of the most memorable and enjoyable I have seen. It also mentions a sequel, but apparently Buckaroo had better things to do, like become Robocop!
There's definitely something a little redeemable about it, but I'm not sure what. The storyline was awful. So maybe it was the acting? Not sure, I did laugh a few times, but I think those were mostly at the movie and not with it. I didn't find the individual characters' preachy comments on men, women, relationships very witty. The ending was way too forced. Perhaps the silliness of it all is enough to make it worth a viewing if you catch it on HBO.
Aside of the always popular 'back to life via toxic waste' introduction, this is a very unique and atmospheric film. The characters are all very representative, and rather well cast. Many scenes like the music box greeting over the telephone and the exploration of the catacombs stand out as very well done, but nothing can compare to the finale: Frantic flesh eating, echoing screams, amazing special effects, and no happy, Hollywood ending. Definitely a great movie, and a good representation of the style and ability of Jean Rollin.
An enjoyable quiet movie that examines people's perceptions of the world and themselves. Worthy of a watch. I enjoyed Gabrielle Rose's performance. She was good in "The Sweet Hereafter" and very engaging in this movie. The rest of the cast was equally good. I do have a problem with the title. I kept thinking this character is this sense and this one is that sense which distracted me from the unfolding stories. I think a more generic title like "Sense" would have been better. The ending was unexpected.
An enjoyable quiet movie that examines people's perceptions of the world and themselves. Worthy of a watch. I enjoyed Gabrielle Rose's performance. She was good in "The Sweet Hereafter" and very engaging in this movie. The rest of the cast was equally good. I do have a problem with the title. I kept thinking this character is this sense and this one is that sense which distracted me from the unfolding stories. I think a more generic title like "Sense" would have been better. The ending was unexpected.
First of all I never saw the first two Crocodile Dundee movie's personally I think its not a great movie but it is entertaining but some of the jokes ar not so funny but there are also a few good joke's but still I liked this movie paul hogan acting very well as Mick Dundee now I want to see the other 2 movie's and I heard they are better then this one if thats true then I really want to see them I give it a 7.5/10
This movie shows us how difficult life can be in our poor Latin America (and in my country México). The story is told in an excellent way by Jorge Fons, giving us different points of view at the same time. I know that not many people is interested in movies from any other country than the USA, but this one is really worth seeing. Ernesto Gomez Cruz deserves a mention apart for his work as "Don Ru", he proves us once again what a good actor he is.
The movie basically consists of a couple of teens telling each other stories with a story running in the background. I have heard people say the stories where weird,unbelievable and unrealistic. But that is exactly what they were supposed to be! I liked each of them except the last story with Aftaab Shivdasani (he sucks!)! If you like to read bizzare and dark short stories , you will enjoy the movie. For once, stars are just characters, and not the USP of the movie.
Another made-for-TV movie inspired by true events, this movie is rerun on lifetime quite often. It's scary to contemplate a person treating another human being like the girls in this film. This movie is better than most "women in jeopardy, inspired by the story of" television flicks of the late 80s/early 90s. Patty Duke is excellent as bereaved mother and Loretta Swit (Hot Lips from M*A*S*H) lends solid support as the investigating detective who tries to keep Duke's character from jeopardizing the case. A very sad disturbing film.
In a small bar/restaurant, at a corner in Buenos Aires Argentina, a Bolivian immigrant finds a job as a cook. His experiences and those of the locals in the bar are used by the director to tell us a story about life of working class people in nowaday Argentina. The film is almost entirely shot in the bar. The scenery, discussions in the bar, and development of the drama have a Jarmusch like quality. The film won the critics-price in the International Film Festival Rotterdam. Highly recommended!
What can be said about Heat Vision and Jack? It's great, it's not good, in any way! But very funny. You have Jack Ausin (Jack Black), a NASA astronaut, who become supersmart in sunlight, because he came to near the sun during a NASA mission. He's buddy (Owen Wilson) has been transformed into a motorcycle. And they are being chased by a NASA hitman, Ron Silver (playing himself). And it's all being directed by Ben stiller. Great if you like Tenacious D and Ben Stiller's wacky humour.
This was an incredible film, that stands alone as being one of the most honest films I have ever seen. It's powerful and brave performances made this film the gripping, sensitive and dark masterpiece that it is. Beautifully shot in BC, the cinematography was as compelling as the story. Mike Riley's portrayal of Derek, the father whose love has no boundaries, is riveting and profound and uncanny in it's honesty. Andrew Currie has created a personal, magnificant film that is all that and a bag of potato chips.
I guess I have seen three or four hundred 'first films' of young American directors in the last couple of decades. None has given me such a sense of euphoria that Metropolitan did. It stands in a very high position in that much neglected and un-nameable genre that presents us with a bunch of totally unlovable characters and then proceeds to make us love them. That may have started with La Regle du Jeu, but Stillman handles this so well, he should not blush at the reference.
I loved this movie. It shows what courageous women went through in order for all women to enjoy a right that was once thought to be only worthy of men. Discrimination and patronizing plagued their efforts, and all shows that not all women suffrage groups were on the same side when it came to voting. I think this movie is important because it shows the women of today how hard their ancestors fought to secure us a luxury that so few practice today and how important it is.
I remember seing this movie as a teenager when it was new. I still remember how the touching story burned inside of me, and the soft music that soothened the flames, created a epic memory. Since that first time, I have watched this movie at least ten times and it is STILL as great as the fist time. I really feels lika a "true story". Not like the rough (and often stupid) picture of vikings that Hollywood creates. I highly recommend anyone (above 11) to see this movie!
I remember seing this movie as a teenager when it was new. I still remember how the touching story burned inside of me, and the soft music that soothened the flames, created a epic memory. Since that first time, I have watched this movie at least ten times and it is STILL as great as the fist time. I really feels lika a "true story". Not like the rough (and often stupid) picture of vikings that Hollywood creates. I highly recommend anyone (above 11) to see this movie!
"Gloomy Sunday" is the title of the famous music that has lead over a hundred people to commit suicide. The story begins with a death of a 80-year-old Hans at the restaurant after listening to "Gloomy Sunday". Now it focuses on the beautiful woman's picture and goes way back to Hungary during World War Two. This film's about people's love, jealousy, hate, and betrayal. The actors were stunning. To understand the whole concept of this film, you must watch it for yourself. "Gloomy Sunday" is a masterpiece.
A film about a local brewery director, his wife and their life in the brewery. I didn't really like anything about this film, except for the fact that it has to do with beer (that was the reason I watched it after all) and that you see a lot of home-made sausages in several scenes (accompanying the beer). It is branded as a comedy but I didn't find more than 2-3 scenes mildly amusing. Maybe it could only get as far as that in 1980 communist Czechoslovakia...
La habitacion Azul is an everyday story, it shows us nothing different from real life events. The rhythm is incredibly monotonous and totally predictable. The cast is OK but I think mexican productions are in great need of new talent, the same actor appear in several movies and all of a sudden you don't know you're watching a different one. I like to go to the movie theater to see something different, out of the ordinary, stories that challenge the imaginations, that go further than what we live.
Cross-pollination of "Stand and Deliver" with "Dirty Dancing" is jaw-droppingly misguided. Beverly Hills math teacher, who struts his stuff at night in a barrio club, gets involved with under-privileged kids and gives them lessons on how to Lambada--a hot new Latin dance! Moronic junk is almost endearingly bad...almost. It features uncharismatic leads, soapy melodrama, generic club music, and teeth-gnashing dialogue. It does attempt an offbeat approach to a formula plot, but that is the only positive thing one can really say about it. * from ****
This poorly filmed collection of already overused gags completely lacks anything that might possibly be construed as entertainment. It's not bad-funny, it's not good-funny, it's not anything-funny. It's the complete absence of funny. Did I mention it's not funny? In comparison, watching floor wax dry is a moving intellectual experience. If there is any justice in the universe, everyone concerned with this alleged film, their relatives, friends, passing acquaintances and orthodontists will accrue massively negative karma and eventually be collectively re-incarnated as Dom DeLuis' loofah.
OK, just saw the movie (rented it, thank god I didn't spend more than 2'50 Euros on this thing) and hey, can't remember the last time I saw something sooooo bad... Oh, and if someone got what the hell is going on, I'll be glad to know it... my sister and I are still discussing our views on what we have just seen... Double crossings? people gone bananas? no one cares for the dead guys? And, is both main characters the same character? Mamma mia...
I'm giving this movie a 3 only because some of the acting was good. Aside from that, this movie is crap. The plot is predictable, the main characters extremely unlikable, the situations uncomfortable and depressing and it has a totally unbelievable ending. Also, the movie has a vaguely homophobic feel to it and the grainy film stock really got on my nerves. This is one of those overpraised independent films that everybody will have forgotten in a year or two. Don't see it--unless you like being totally depressed.
After hearing so many glowing reviews, I was surprised how unpleasant this movie was. Unpleasant in a bad way. I did NOT find Buck to be all that endearing; I found him to be a really creepy jerk. I was not charmed by his arrested adolescence. I did not feel sorry for him because his affection for Chuck was not returned in kind. Yes, I've been in his situation, but I've never stalked anybody or insinuated myself into their lives. I found nothing to like about this movie.
My best friend and I have agreed that this is the worst movie we have ever seen. 17 years later and I still shudder at the memory of having seen this in the theater. Stupid doesn't even begin to describe this movie. Two hours of my youth I will never regain. I suppose, though, everyone must have a benchmark 'worst movie ever' to compare all the other movies you watch to. I have seen some other bad movies in recent years, but nothing comes close to this crap.
This potentially interesting film falls flat mainly due to a VERY leisurely pace that sucks the life out of the movie. Instead, we are left with a somewhat kinky, rarely entertaining movie that probably could have been much better with a few adjustments. This film may prove to be of some interest to those who have seen other films named "Venus In Furs", and it is a pleasant distraction for fans of the gorgeous Laura Antonelli, but it would prove to be of little interest to anyone else.
This movie is not underrated. I think it deserves being rated poorly. Even though I do think the main guy is good at acting like a slimeball, the story is not very exciting. I also do not like the main woman's hair, she looks like a skunk. There are some moments of slapstick that seem a little odd (like the cake falling on the sun bathing torso). All in all, this movie is not very memorable. 3/10 for a potentially interesting idea and a good lead character.
For those interested in martial arts -skip it. You will hate this.For the rest of us this is a hilarious bad film that everyone should have a good laugh at.This film has so little to offer in terms of film but it could show a lot of bad expensive films how to reach a level of drivel that you just have to watch it.This film could never be accused of being an average film because it stands out so much.Exceptionally Bad is all I can say.
Freak, giant lizard terrorizes the fun-loving people of a small Texan town. Cheap drive-in fare is what you would expect from a B movie for its time. The cast's performances are laughable, the special FX consists of a real gila monster walking around on miniature models, and the 'pop music' is wildly inappropriate, although the atmospheric score isn't bad. All together, it's a bad movie, but it's B-movie gold that genre fans might enjoy and will certainly laugh at. * 1/2 out of ****
I really like Dwight Yoakam...I love seeing him in interviews, I love his music, I love seeing him in concert. He is one of the most interesting and talented people in the music industry. Sorry to say, he should stay in the music industry. This was one of the worst movies I can remember seeing. I tried and tried to think of something I liked about it, just because I like Dwight so much...but I couldn't come up with a single good thing to say about this movie.
this is the worst movie i have ever seen. yes, i know that marilyn was raped but they make it so rediculous,like with a woman. i really dont think she would stoop so low.i have read up on her very much and there was no mention of that many rapes, or that close together. it seemed like everyday she got raped at least once. it is just heartbreaking to see a movie like that saying this is how it happened and it is the worst movie ever made
What a stupid,non-funny comedy! The twins are bad in their characters and the jokes are stupid and vulgar. When starting watching a near movie, you don't have great expectations. But at the end of the movie, you think you were dreaming during the whole time...about two losers who are the twin's bodyguards. That is the story...what about the actors...They are bad too. With only one child, it would be a bit less stupid, but for this one two times more bad jokes. I give it 0out of *****.
I thought that this was quite a good take on the dickens classic apart some of the acting. Julie Walters as always amazing bUT some of the main characters were terrible espessialy oliver played by sam smith the casting was bad if he was the best child for the job he was awful he can not act to save his life i hope never to see him on screen or stage again but he was quite amusing he was so bad but apart from him it was good
What a stupid,non-funny comedy! The twins are bad in their characters and the jokes are stupid and vulgar. When starting watching a near movie, you don't have great expectations. But at the end of the movie, you think you were dreaming during the whole time...about two losers who are the twin's bodyguards. That is the story...what about the actors...They are bad too. With only one child, it would be a bit less stupid, but for this one two times more bad jokes. I give it 0out of *****.
If this is your first kickbox flick, you might not be too bored. If otherwise - DON'T WATCH THIS. No story, no actors, no budget. And - worst of all - even the fight sequences are much less than standard. After 45 minutes I got angry at myself for having spent 5 bucks for the tape. Watch CYBORG or BLOODSPORT if you want the real thing - and if you've already seen them - do it again rather than watching this uninspired one. the webhamster's rating is 0/10.
Well, it may be fun to see this soft-porn for you, but politically speaking, this movie is the perfect example of hatred against Turkey where the story took place. This is not how it works in this country. Also, the picture of Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey, was "defaced" and played on to make him look like a monster. And, you should note that the girls are very well treated in Greece, and very bad treated in Turkey. I wonder where the producers of this film are!
Briefly, enjoyed the book. Love SciFi. Think Burt Lancaster, Barbara Carrera and Nigel Davenport do the best they can in this movie. But (sorry, have to say "but") Michael York is definitely graduate of Hambone School of Overacting, like Ben Cross (remember "The Far Pavilions?). For my taste, he pretty much sucks the juice out of any scene he's in. Combine with some script holes, and you've got a mediocre movie, which is still much better than the Marlon Brando/Val Kilmer version.
This, being the last Abbott and Costello film, I'm not surprised that it went downhill. In my opinion, Abbott was a minor character, and I didn't laugh once in watching this movie. We've gone from good old slapstick and walking into walls to making fun of the stupidity of Lou. He loses everything, and we get that horrible tragedy atmosphere. Then they squeeze a 2-minute happy ending in, and you never lose it. All in all, this movie, although it has a nice blurb on the back, stinks.
Although any film based on cartoon or comic characters is meant to be taken lightly this one really is appalling. I actually couldn't finish watching it because I felt I was wasting too much of my life sitting there bored out of my wits. From the opening scene, where Baldwin (who seems to have forgotten how to act) is converted from evil to saviour of the people, you know this isn't going to get much better and it doesn't. Even the wonderful Tim Curry can't save this dross.
This was a terrible movie! A 40 year old guy and a 30 year old girl playing two teenage boys?! Totally pointless! But one or two jokes made me smile a while. But maybe it`s just not my sense of humor because two of my friend thought it was hysterical amusing, but as I said I thought it was boring. One scene though when Kevin (I think) gets all red in the face, that`s fun! But nothing I recommend, sorry to all you Kevin and Perry fans. //Sofia
I could not believe how bad this movie was. It starts out okay, with Combs as Lovecraft seeking the Necronomicon inside a monastery, but when he finds it and starts reading it, the unfortunate viewer must endure 3 tales that are dreary instead of frightening, dull instead of engaging or morose. These stories will not satisfy Cthulhu fans -- they are void of Lovecraft's skill or imagination. This is an hour and a half of my life I'll never get back, wasted on a miserable and unsatisfying film.
This movie was good... about as good and tasty as a cow manure sandwich! Every now and then, I suffer through watching movies made by a group of severely UNartistic and UNtalented people. I like to see how NOT to make a movie. I'm just not a fan at all of these "campy" horror flicks. Sometimes they turn out to be more comedy than anything, laughing at how dumb the whole thing is... with Uncle Sam I mostly just rolled my eyes, lookin' forward to the ending credits.
"The Hearse" is a low-budget, bottom-of-the-barrel little shocker. It's uninvolving throughout, and never terrifying. The hopelessly cliched story, with all the familiar "haunted house" tricks, would be enough to sink this movie, but the job is completed by the poor direction and the murky look of the film, which often makes it hard for us to understand what's happening onscreen. The ending leaves almost everything unexplained and is just as arbitrary and nonsensical as the rest of this film. The good performances can't save it by any means.
I couldn't believe my professor assigned this movie for a class. Ugh. The production values are not too great, and the score is AWFUL! In general, it feels like a corny 80s sex fantasy drawn out for 90 minutes. But without a lot of sex. Some of the nature scenes are very pretty, and it's almost in the so-bad-it's-fun category. But not quite. Definitely not recommended, unless you're having a bad-obscure-80s movie film fest. And maybe not even then.
I can't believe how dreadful and boring this TV series is and am not surprised that ABC canned this show. Each episode wastes time in explaining how automan was created by some early tech geek played by Arnaz. Automan is a holographic creation played by a boring Swedish model. Along the line the same bad guys are hounded by the spectacular crime duo...yawn. Everything about this show is just tepid and dull. I can't see anyone staying up late at night and becoming excited about this predicable rubbish.
This awful film, has no story, originality, or interesting characters. The only part I liked of this film, was the date that watched it with me, my future wife. That was better than the time I saw Planes Trains, and automobiles when someones date was talking to me and her guy was getting angry. Well, I better not get too off topic, but there is not much to mention about this film except it total sucks, and is forgetable. Forgetable is the best discription for this stinker. 4/10
While watching this, you may find yourself waiting for the horror, so the sudden credits may be the only shock you experience in this movie. Another "I swear it - the corpse was here two minutes before!"-movie, this reminds me of some X-Files parts - Mulder and Scully would have far improved this movie. All in all, this tells us that the Stephen King-movies may have a good script (his books!), but are poorly converted, and even nice cover pictures can't make me watch one more.
Unremarkable love story between a well educated woman (Scachi) and a simple Scottish sailor (D'Onofrio) that goes on and on for almost thirty years. They lived separate lives but sometimes they get together and live passionate and feverish days of pure joy and lovemaking. A thin plot and cardboard characterizations and dialogues make this one a boring and peasant look upon the problems of the relationship of two diferent persons. Besides, D'Onofrio is completely miscast in the role of a Scottish fellow. I give this a 4 (four).
I saw this movie when I was a little kid. It's about a crippled man that builds a suit that allowed him to walk and he ended up trying to be a crime fighter. He almost looks like a walking red bullet or missile. He had one weakness, a lack of air in the power suit. For some reason I really thought this movie was cool. By the way, the suit was bullet proof. I would love to see this movie on Mystery Science Theater 3000. BGR
This effort is unfortunately is betrayed by its execution. It is a very pretty movie, beautifully shot, but with no real point outside of its most obvious one (that the Chinese coming was a disaster for Tibet and the Dalai Lama (kundun), and that that Dalai Lama guy, hey, he's pretty cool). It fails to engage the viewer, making do with empty symbolism, and some wooden acting from what I assume are probably real Tibetans. This movie has an important story to tell, but fails in the telling.
A really bad little film from Cameroon, one of the sloppiest I've ever seen. The plot concerns a teenage girl who wants to be a man. A witch changes her, and then he spends the rest of the movie trying to get laid. It's riddled with many annoying penis jokes. The script doesn't even remember that the guy used to be a girl. It's as poorly edited as I've ever seen, and every decent part of it is ripped off from Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing. 3/10.
Fair play to the guy who shot Beyond Vanilla, he took a risk. On the other hand the production is so bad, the film quality is very low, there is no script, no structure, no insight into the psyche of people interviewed and their movie for getting involved in kinky play. Some pictures are in for shock value but add nothing to the essay. Apart from the main man showing off in a leather cap, was there any reason to shoot - and show- this movie?
This incomprehensible slasher movie was the last-known feature directed by cult filmmaker Doris Wishman. Making heavy use of voiceover narration, the film stars legend Samantha Fox, in a rare non-hardcore role, and deals with a cursed family and an escaped mental patient. Gory and violent, the film is filled with bloody decapitations and eviscerations, as well as peculiar use of negative and solarization effects. The results are unbelievably bad, and it is hard to imagine that this 70-minute mess took five years to make. My Rating:3/10
For a start I'm not interested in adding nothing new in this review."Fear Runs Silent" has a good premise,but this premise is completely wasted.Director Serge Rodnunsky doesn't create almost any atmosphere(apart from the beginning,which is pretty creepy),instead he fills this trash with so many annoying flashbacks.The ending is totally awful:after all these grisly events it all turns into dream!!!Yeah right,what a load of s***!!Three stars:one for a funny performance by Stacy Keach as a biologist,one for beautiful photography,and finally one for the beginning.Avoid this mess like the plague.
Who cares about the plot? There wasn't one. The best thing about this movie is the top notch music and performers. Having all those folks in one film is incredible. A hundred years from now, this film would be a great case study of the R & B, Soul, and Blues of this time. And this tease.stay after the final credits, and you will be greatly rewarded. For this type of film I wish there was 2 scoring systems, one for the plot and the other for the music.
Only film geeks could get anything out of this piece of garabage! I meant to spell it that way by the way. Listen, anyway, this film premiered in Tulsa Oklahoma, with a pretty darn loyal following pretty darn excited to see it. It was awful! A complete waste of money. Felissa Rose was the only saving grace to this turkey about zombies who are sent from the devil. The acting is about the worst acting in cinema history, even Brink Stevens and Tom Savini couldn't save it! Ugh! 0/10
The Puppet Masters is a very good alien film.Donald Sutherland was good and it was unusual for male lead by Eric Thal.Julie Warner acted good and looked great!Will Patton's role was very different.Richard Belzer was the same as always and Marshal Bell was good but I was kinda disappointed by the role they gave to Yaphet Kotto as he didn't do much.The music is great!The Puppet Masters is a good alien film that is action packed and is never boring!I think all fans of alien films will like this!
This film is fantastically understated and has within it the foundations of excellence. O.C and Stiggs is what great film making is all about - bringing to life an environment that is high fiction but could truly exist somewhere. Made in 1987, it has all the hall marks of a film made in the late sixties to early seventies. Good films of that time felt free and progressive. Real classics kind of exist in a little world of their own, and this is just that sort.
Honestly, I am not really satisfied with my rating of 10/10 for the movie So-Close. For me, it deserved for a rating of 100/10 because it is the best movie i ever saw in my entire life.. I've already watched it for almost more than 30 times from now. I've watched in movie theater and even watch it in dvd.. I love the plot, the story, the effects, the music, the characters and the actors, especially hsu chi and zhao wei. For me.. It is simply the best!!!
"So Close" is about two Hong Kong hottie sister assassins (Qi & Wei) who use martial arts, guns, and hi-tech gadgetry to take out an army bad guys...something about evil corporations and a score to settle for killing their father. Toss in a female cop with perpetual PMS (Mok), a whiff of pathos, lots of sass, pop culture trimmings, plenty of cool action with personality, classy stylistics, stunts, effects, CGI, etc. and you've got one fun girl power action chick flick. Jackie Chan & John Woo, look out! (B)
I highly recommend this film. Some friends of mine got together with a tape and watched this with much anticipation. We were all fans of the Phantasm series. We were not disappointed!!! The original cast is back and Reggie is just as appealing as ever. The Tall Man can still deliver the looks that scare. This film was a bit more sophisticated than the previous sequels while not compromising any of the traditional fun, scares, gore or witty one-liners we come to expect from Phantasm. You won't be disappointed!!!!
The absolutely stunning Danish actress Yutte Stensgaard stars as the vampire seductress Mircalla in Hammer films part two of the "Carmilla Karnstein" trilogy. Not a great film but a worthy one for all Hammer/British horror film fans. Originally to be directed by the ace of gothic horror, Terence Fisher, he was injured in a car accident just days before filming started. A good/decent film from Jimmy Sangster, but one thinks of what it could have been in Fisher's hands. MUST viewing for all Yutte fans and fans to be.
...however let's try. I'm not gonna sketch the plot, couz' plenty other people have done it, but: The humor is outstanding, the action is tense, and one can not help getting sucked into this world filled with nutcases, daydreamers, villains, plain goofy looking types, and hopelessly stupid inventions and the characters likewise way of thinking. The music score is absolutely perfect, the dialog is sharp and fun, the scenes are extremely well done. It simply doesn't get any better than this. Just my two cents
I really liked the idea for this film, of groups of people trying to survive in a dragon scorched world. It was very well executed to take this ludicrous fantasy and apply all the rules of logic etc to it. I also thought that the film looked amazing, particularly the dragons, with the effects only let down by some shoddy looking explosions at times. The only thing that let the film down was the cliched and sometimes pointless dialogue, especially from the Matthew McConaughey character.
The End of St Petersburg was another landmark of Soviet realist cinema, as good as if not better than Battleship Potemkin, Strike, or Storm Over Asia. It's incredibly powerful, with many absolutely stunning montage sequences that make today's quick cut edits look like like child's play in comparison. The language of cinema was invented in Russia and Germany by artists like Pudovkin, Eisenstein, Murnau, and Lang. Anyone interested in cinema history needs to see films like this one to appreciate how weak our current crop of auteurs truly are.
I have read several plot analysis written by the "pros" and they seem to be all wrong. There is no terrorist on the plane. The story is about a letter that is found in the first class airport lounge after an international flight has taken off. The letter states that there will be murders before the flight lands. The best part is the "WHO IS THE KILLER" set-up. Farrah is in one of her first roles and just as lovely as ever. Adam Brooks talent was not shown enough.
But unfortunately only somewhat. In trying to be horrific and funny, the movie stays squarely in the middle of both without really succeeding in either. A few scenes stand out, especially in the beginning when the priest begins trying to turn evil, and at the end with the appearance of Satan, but the middle section of the movie simply does not go far enough to really be satisfying. Well worth watching, mostly since I doubt we'll see anything like this again, but don't go into it with high expectations.
If this movie had the actors or atmosphere of Blue Velvet, it would have been great. The acting was unbelievable, the atmosphere was like Love Boat and I could've cared less about all of the actors. Polanski's wife was annoying rather than seductive, and how could you break a leg getting hit by a truck and become a paraplegic falling out of bed? Even worse, he seems unphased by losing his ability to walk. Their punk rock phase was laughable. Shall I go on? It certainly is no Chinatown!
I remember always looking thru the horror sections of severel video store here in melb and seeing the palace video cover of this and thinkin na this looks crap but i then saw the trailer on another horror video and was sold this is an hidden gem i mean if your got john saxon and john morghen in the same movie it has to be good.Check out the region 1 dvd of this with the great doco with interviews with saxon and morghen and antonio margeretti.***1/2 out of 4.
Rarely is a wholesome subject like this handled without being trite or boring. The literary device of the clone is up-to-date and shows that Will is capable of becoming more like Twoie. Of course, Twoie could have had the same effect on Will if he had actually been a cousin visiting from Belgium, but imagine how dull a movie that would be! Although the age group in the story is Jr High, Andy Lawrence is 12 and I think that age group would benefit more from seeing the movie.
So different to most films. This one really does allow the viewer to suspend disbelief. Bogarde is young here and his performance is typical if not brilliant. The film is stolen by the child actors and the director all of whom make wonderful impressions. A weird one parent family then the mother dies. So closely knit are they all and so brainwashed with religious belief, that the children decide to lock themselves away from the world. Then the estranged husband appears with disastrous consequences. Even the ending is excellent
Slimly-plotted but handsomely-produced second-biller about an escaped leopard in a small dirt town in New Mexico apparently the cause behind several deaths...or is it? Intriguing premise given stylish film-noir treatment. Performances are solid, and Jacques Tourneur's crafty direction lets you see just enough before fading to black. Val Lewton produced, and he gives the proceedings his customary spooky polish. Film tails off near the end, but is still a minor gem. Fantastically atmospheric and fun. Based on the book "Black Alibi" by Cornell Woolrich. *** from ****
I was forced to watch this movie with a friend. I have never heard of it until then. I found out that Micheal J. Fox was in it so I decided to watch it. It started out very different and then I was shocked to see how the family memebers were treating each other. This movie was a comedy, but a drama as well and I loved it. The humor was different, but funny all the same. I really, really liked this film and this is a deffinate purchase.
I have seen this movie at least a dozen times and still find things to laugh at. >From the scene when Madeline falls down and breaks her neck to the ending where they both fly apart, it just does not get any better. I recommend this movie to any one wanting to see something completely different. This movie goes to prove that beauty is more than skin deep when it comes to the celebrities. I give this movie a 10 out of 10! Bravo!! to all three actors.
As a fond of Ozon I was really happy, when Russia became the first country where "Sous le sable" was presented. It's an enigmatic film about an elderly woman, who tried to find her husband. On the beach he went to swim and disappeared. This mystery ruined her life, she tried to substitute husband by lover but failed. "Sous le sable" is a dainty French film about a lone elderly woman under the sand of time. I recommend the film to all fans of good European cinema.
Jerry Trimble stars as Luke Powers in this action movie (which is actually a remake of "Bloodfist"). He arrives in L.A., only to find that his brother, who used to take part in "back-alley" fights, has been murdered. In order to find the killer, he becomes a fighter himself. Marcus Aurelius stars as Pep, the man who trains Luke to fight. 1993's "Dragon Fire" (Starring Dominic Labanca, Dir: Rick Jacobson) also has the same story, but this movie is better. The fight scenes are good. I gave this 8/10.
Ignore those who suggest that this is nothing but retread for DePalma. On some levels, it surpasses his greatest films and is uniquely original. There isn't a performance in the film that's weak and the storytelling (both through script and camerawork) unfolds like a dream. Bloody where it needs to be and tragic in places you don't expect, "the Fury" is one of my all-time favorites. I saw it as a young kid in the theater and hope one day to see it again on the big screen.
i saw the bad imdb-vote of this film and thought, it would be worse than class of nuke em'high 1. but actually i occured to watch it and all i can say is :GREAT GREAT GREAT!! this movie is a real masterpiece of entertainment!'! it has everything a movie should have: mutant monsters ,sex ,gore, incredible fat people, bikini girls ( and non-bikini-girls ), crazy looking punks , radioactive waste , a great rock soundtrack , a toxic avenger guest apperance... ''##!!GO AND GET THIS ONE !!##''
Unlike more recent detective series that are little more than an hour of car chases, graphic bomb scenes and other gratuitous violence, Cannon showed a detective carefully and cleverly going about the business of solving perplexing crimes. Moreover, unlike The Rockford Files and others which strain credibility by portraying a supposedly successful detective as always having trouble paying his bills, Cannon shows a very successful detective surrounded by the trappings of success such as a beautiful Mark IV and an expensive penthouse apartment. All in all a great series.
If you take a close look at the scene where Lucy climbs out the window the second time she's wearing pants pajamas but as she's walking across the store it shows her with a gown. You will notice when she puts her leg out the window it quickly shows no pants. I enjoyed the movie numerous times. I recommend it to a soft heart person who cares for the contents of the movie not the actors. It's for anyone who adores the Beatles or Sean Penn as I do.
A man takes a strange trip with an aircraft carrier and lives an amazing nightmare with a bizarre twist. Time travel, moral sensibilities and harmful consequences are explored when the crew is confronted with a chance to change history. Trying to control the political impact of altering history, the captain makes a painful decision that ultimately leads to a happy ending. This one has sadness, irony and moments where ones wants to say, "how stupid can they get?" Overall, just a great Sci-Fi Thriller that will leave an impression.
What they are missing are the campy little details that are hinted through-out the saga. Everything from the stretching tongue to the the exploding bird. You can't deny the fun watching Jesse Walsh shrieking like a scared little schoolgirl when he finds Freddy's glove on his hand. All this and after Jesse's girlfriend comes up to his room and says, "I thought I'd help you unpack." In her sexy voice, moving him toward the bed, they ACTUALLY start unpacking! None of the gags in Freddy's Dead is THAT funny!!!
Firefly Dreams took me right into the story,and the dreamy pace/visual beauty,and heartfelt emotions added to the charm.Naomi's journey through pain and loss is very charmingly portrayed here,and all the characters are well placed.Nothing seems forced or overly contrived..more like you are in the locations and absorbing Naomi's everyday life,and the character of Mrs. Koide,the old woman/ex actress will warm your heart.it's VERY refreshing to see films like this,where you are not distracted by noise,gun fights,explosions and special effects.Mr.Williams has created a real gem.Visually and emotionally lush! See it!
"Godzilla 2000" is easily the worst movie of 2000, easily the worst movie of the last decade, and easily the worst movie of the century. I don't know why it was ever made. It's a waste of money, a waste of film, and a waste of time. The special effects are the pits. Okay, so I know "Godzilla" flicks are supposed to be cheesy, but come on! This is really pushing it. Lame, lame, lame. The worst film I've ever seen in my entire adolescent life. Wretched and beyond.
7 teens on Spring Break trek up to one of their Uncle's cabin in the woods just in time for some kind of alien being to land nearby looking to eat some people and find a mate. While this might sound kind of campy, the film manages to approach the project by surrounding all the situations with elements of fear and suspense. A few things to take in mind if you've never seen this film before: the alien is supposed to be scary and undoubtedly some teens will survive.
This movie is one the greatest comedy I've ever seen... The actors are so good, I can't compare it with any other movie. The singing performance by Benoit Poelvoorde is perfectly incredible too ! Nevertheless,I guess american audience would not understand this movie, as it deals with a french music symbol, Claude François... That's why I let myself dream of an american transcription of "Podium"... imagine Adam Sandler or Bill Murray play some unlikely Elvis double... If some producer could read it :) Congratulations, Yann Moix !!
This is an excellent example of early Disney and the first appearance of Donald Duck. There was also a Peter Pig, who did not fare as well as Donald in his movie career. Donald is, if anything, more obnoxious and disagreeable here than he was later. The animation here is splendid and the short is well worth seeking out. Attempts to locate Peter Pig have been unsuccessful, although there are rumors that he lives in semi-retirement in Encino, having wisely bought stock in Disney and, later, in IBM. Recommended.
"BRAT 2" is the best movie since "BRAT". I loved it. May be it looked like a fairy tale as One-man gang destroyed whole Mafia. But it was MAD. I've seen this movie may be 50 times and everytime I turn it On I still wanna see it again. I hope they gonna make part three, because it didn't look that Danila's adventure is over. If you haven't seen it go and see it ! Best movie on the market - Kick ass any Hollywood big budget movie. :o)
Story genre: a thriller which borders on the lines of a horror movie Storyline: 10 different ppl get stuck in a motel room on a stormy night.. they start getting killed one by one and the blame keeps shifting from one alive person to another Cast: John Cusack rocks in his role - very well supported by the rest of the cast +s : the suspense is maintained well, individual performances excellent background music -s : the ending might not be appreciated by some folks
This was one of the first anime movies I had ever seen. It is still also one of the best. There are aspects of other anime movies that bug me, but Golgo 13: The Professional doesn't have any of those problems. This movie is non stop action. The characters are very real and very complex. The plot is very well written and the ending will completely surprise you. This movie makes you completely forget you're watching a cartoon. One complaint: The music sounded like something out of Scooby Doo.
"Dennis the Menace" is unique in its own way because it's observant. This movie made me laugh at stuff i've always laughed at and things i'd never thought I would laugh at. The film can be surprisingly innocent at times and sincere and heartwarming. And the kid who plays Dennis is a way better actor than Macaulay Culkin. I liked the film for its imagination and humor. A good film. I also liked how they showed Dennis trying to resist the temptation to do something bad but can't resist.
Keep in mind that my comments are always serious. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!! This was the most funniest movie I have ever seen in my Uncles house. No but for real this is a very funny movie. This is the funniest movie that I've seen that doesn't have to have any sex in it to make it funny, like American Pie. Now dont get me wrong, I love American Pie. Anyway this is a very entertaining movie. My uncle Alfonso Cardoso likes it.
I watched this movie on the recommendation of a friend, and was she dead wrong about it! I knew the ending halfway through the film, and from the way they filmed it I'm sure it was supposed to be a surprise. The only redeeming factor was that it was so bad I had a good time ripping on it with my friends. I also enjoyed the portrayal of a Music Professor as the action hero. Totally unbelievable and ridiculous. Don't rent it unless you like watching sub-quality "Omen" ripoffs.
This film is raw and potent, a true testament to the terrible treatment of POWs in WW2 who were forced to build the Railway of Death over the River Kwai. This is not a perfect film, yet the power of the story it tells is so compelling that I cannot in good conscience give this film anything but a 10. I am glad I had a chance to see this film, to be moved to tears by it, and to hear the filmmakers speak about their experience making it.
This is the best Adam Sandler movie I have ever seen. I am no longer a teenager so I generally avoid Sandler's movies like the plague. Beside a couple of Penis-envy jokes this movie is actually a joy to watch in mixed company. Well worth your time. If this is some of Jack Nicholson rubbing of on Sandler I look forward to Sandler's next movie. Nicholson is completely over the top with his role. Rating 8/10 for a comedy. 10/10 for a Sandler comedy.
This could have been your run of the mill erotic thriller with the tired plot of lonely couple takes in drifter, drifter has affair with woman, etc. However with superb acting by the entire cast, good writing and direction this goes beyond the genre. After Schub appears in the last part, the movie gets even better. Denoument comes fast and furious. I kept expecting it to lapse into cliches, but it never did. I do not understand the last scene with Alonso, but this is a must see sleeper.
A fairly common theme- a young drifter has an affair with a bored older married woman, but somehow special. Very erotic, but not an X movie and tastefully done. Alonso is great, as are Olmos and the newcomer- Vereen. Also has a little bit of comedy. Alonso is very sexy, and also very realistic. You can actually feel what the three leads are feeling. The setting- a fish market is perfect. The characters of the three leads are all sypathetic and likeable. I have watched the movie several times.
Joan Crawford is in her element here! As a deceitful, manipulative woman with the Medusa touch she's in her glory. You get the feeling she's enjoying herself immensely. Hell, you even get the feeling she's enjoying the costumes! She tears into the part of Eva Phillips as if it were her last meal, and takes the rest of the cast along for the ride. They don't make movies like this anymore and it's a shame. It's good, clean, sinister fun with Joan in control every step of the way.
This is a fantastic movie, driven primarily by Lancaster's embodiment of the character of Valdez - a town constable who kills an innocent man in self-defense, only to then become the subject of constant abuse by the slain's pursuer. Valdez's vengeful reactions to this abuse, the episodic pacing, and the great supporting actors make this a real cinematic treat. Lancaster's treatment of voice and body language show he is an actor of extreme talent. Of further interest is the landscape of Spain, which makes up the film's authentic exteriors.
Anyone who wonders how Scorcese and Keitel got their start needs to watch this wonderful odd little film. All the classic Scorcese themes are there- whores and tough guys, double edged morality and brutality between men and women. Keitel is just stunning in his first film, clearly this is the work of a great talent. I'm surprised more people haven't seen this film, they always start with Mean Streets, which is obviously a much better film but this is the one that started it all. Well worth your time.
Good balance of older character actresses shining alongside some of Hollywood's rising young male stars. This comedy/drama will appeal to arthouse audiences as well as the "Scream" crowd who get to see their pin-up boys (Jamie Kennedy, Freddie Prinze Jr.) shine in roles with a little more meat than their slasher flick appearances have allowed. Park Overall and Veronica Cartwright are phenomenal (Cartwright's two years of Emmy nominations in '97 & '98 are no fluke - she can do anything). Very good movie that will appeal to all types.
Humorous film involving a spirited young woman by the name of Flora, who brings her stylish views of living, to the oppressed residents of a country farm. The humor at times is very dark and cutting, and oft times hilarious. They'll be plenty of good, quotable material from this well-crafted film, to go around. My favorite: "...Drain the well, there's a neighbor missing..." The script is very slick, and the performances are even better. If you enjoy offbeat humor mixed with a really sweet story, you'll like this movie.
This is quite an accomplishment for a no-budget film. Good acting (not a common no- budget commodity), beautiful, intelligent and 3-dimensional women and quirky philosophies that really make you think. You should check out this movie for yourself, especially if you like CLERKS and guy-trying- to-figure-life-out-while-sleeping-gorgeous-funny-women-along-the-way type films. A funnier, fun SIDEWAYS. In sum (10 lines required, here): It's funny It's smart It's inspiring to filmmakers who believe a good story, along with support from competent actors and DP's and friends and crafty, is all you need.
I only watched this movie because parts of it were filmed in my hometown and I was very disappointed with it. I just thought the plot was stupid. Apparently, people don't think there's drugs in Iowa, because stereotypically, we're just a whole bunch of white farmers or something, and that's what the movie portrays us as. But there are a lot of drugs here because people make the stop in between Chicago. Anyway, I just didn't like all the stereotyping. It was totally not what life is like here.
This is how a movie should be made, on a low budget, with no plot or distinguishable characters. This film reeks of class, so much so in fact that this film deserves a Trilogy as it is up there with "The Godfather" trilogy and the "Star Wars" trilogy. Anyone who hasn't seen this film should give life and limb to see it, it is truly amazing! I would go as far as giving it a 9/10. Enjoy this spectacle if you are going to go out and see it!
I was intrigued by the storyline, as I was surfing the cable channel late one night; an apocalyptic tale of two lovers trying to escape to Antarctica to avoid a nuclear holocaust! What entailed, however, was one bumbling misstep after another by two young lovers who were not exactly the sharpest tacks in the box. How I made it through from beginning to end in itself was a Miracle! Don't waster your time on this horrible flick unless you are being paid large sums of money to watch it!
Many classic scenes, Bombs Away, TV in the aquarium, Barbra's hands and heart placed just .....hovever, when the DVD company from hell released it on DVD, they censored a word that renders an entire scene meaningless. It was an historic word also, the first time a star had ever said it in a major film. F***!! The only time anyone has ever censored Barbra to this day! Still a great comedy! Sexy, funny and way ahead of its time! One of Bab's best! George's too!
Douglas Fairbanks was a peerless action star and in 1924 was at the top of his form. Raoul Walsh was one of our greatest action directors and paces THIEF very nicely. The special effects are mostly quite impressive, only a couple of them are so dated as to appear a bit silly. The art direction of Cedric Gibbons is astounding. The sets are either gorgeous or bizarre, and often both. The 20's was the golden age of pop culture in America and this film is one of the proofs.
I saw this movie on TNT's Monstervision, and I think Mike and the Mystery Science Theater 300 robots would have a ball with this one. The writer blatantly ripped off the Alien movies with this disgrace, and the monster's habit of zipping through ducts to grab unsuspecting cast members is reminiscent of John Carpenter's The Thing. The best thing I found in the entire flick were the assault weapons carried by the cast. Better than some other bad movies I saw, but not by much. Rating: 2/10
Scott Wiper is one of the most talented film makers of my (30 something) generation! And Larry Sher is a cinematographic genius! (Way to go there Kyle and Ephram!)I know this to be true because I have had the great experience of working with both of them. I loved the film guys! Let's hope you partner up for another one soon. For all of you action/suspense film lovers - this film is for you! Move over Bruce, Arnie, and Sly - here comes Scotty Wiper!
Preston Tucker was a man with a dream. He actually advertised his new car and even took advanced orders for it. But the truth is that there was never a chance that Tucker would ever be able to deliver on his promises. Jeff Bridges plays the would be automotive tycoon with an Oscar going to his co-star Martin Landau for his portrayal of "Abe" Tucker's business manager. You will enjoy seeing most all of the remaining Tuckers in this film. This is a good film and I recommend it.
The best miniseries ever made! Smart and sexy, with characters that live and breathe. Just some of the most marvelous characters include Brian Blessed as the benevolent Augustus, George Baker as the wounded Tiberius, and Siân Phillips as Livia. Includes one of John Hurt's finest performances, and I'd go into Derek Jacobi as Claudius, but they say I have to keep it below 1,000 words. The Canadian channel Bravo runs it occasionally, or try renting it from Blockbuster, but I recommend shelling out for the entire collection on video!
A very cheap movie made in order to try and capitalize on the success of recent horror movies such as "Scream." The beauty of no budget, independent films are that the makers of such movies are forced to be creative and use their imaginations to make up for the lack of money. This is not the case here. Someone wanted to make money with a small investment, and in return they crapped out "Frightmare." At least Ed Wood loved what he did and, in his mind, tried his best.
My main quarrel with romance movies is that they are targeted for a specific audience (females 18-30) and from working in a video store that is the demographic who rents them. This movie I could watch with just about anyone, as it is a perfect balance of comedy, good drama, and romance, with great acting by everyone, and good directing as well. Call it a chick flick if you want, but it does not disappoint, 'Excuse me there are JEWS at my table' hahahahaha (by the way im jewish)
This is a film of the best kind, not to much slush, and action all the way, unfolds well, and keeps the interest right to the END! The fact that beaside Darryl Hannah as the star all the other actors are unknow or not well known this side of the pond, and that what makes it an excellent film.....l got it on video and watched it twice in the same day and that is something l don`t often do... I can really recommend this film, first rate.
This movie is awesome! It's really a great movie for all die-hard Doug fans (like me). Doug fans (as well as kids and adults, not to mention teenagers) will really like it. The movie answers all questions that Doug fans have like, is there really a monster in the lake? And will Doug and Patti get together? The animation is a step higher than the TV show which is great! I had teenage friend who saw it and laughed! It's funny, sweet and smart! Lots of fun to watch!
This film is awful in the sense that it is loosely based on 'While You Were Sleeping'. I was expecting more from this film, but was disappointed. In 'While You Were Sleeping', the relationship develop slowly and we fall in love with the characters, but here..it is a total waste up. Particularly, because Salman tried hard to acts funny, but he wasn't able to make quite an impression.There are just too many co-incidental events which makes the film illogical. Trust me, you shouldn't waste your money on this movie
The Movie Is Good and Worth The Money To Rent. The N.C-17 Version Has The T.V. Shop Sex Scene Where Allen Payne and Lyric Are Bumping Against And On The Counter. The Movie Express Good Moraling And A Little Suspense Of Who Shot The Step-Dad On The Abuse Scene.... Advise This To Teens And Early Aged Adults... *Spoiler: The Forest Sex Scene Show's More Than You Need To See Such As: Lyric Breasts and Ass and Allen Payne Butt, Which I Really Didn't Dig. Go Rent It Today..
The movie was good enough on most of its parts. First of all, the acting was very good and the script was very good. The only problem I had with this movie is that it was a little bit boring. Most of the movie and dialogue was top of the notch excellent but it got a tad bit boring. Overall this movie was very cool and I thought that it depicted Wyatt Earp's life well and Kevin Costner and Dennis Quaid are awesome. Rating 9 out of 10.
I am a huge fan of Grease. I've seen the play and I've watched the movie at least 500 times. It captures everything high school is about. Even though it is set in the 50's, it seems to resonate even for today's generation. John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John are great in the movie as well as the rest of the cast. I met the girl of my dreams when I took her on a date to see the play, so this film has a special place in my heart.
I love period movies and this one captures the time and place as well as it is possible. The humor is gentle and very touching. The scene of the 4th of July morning, when all the young boys come out with their firecrackers never fails to put me on the floor laughing. Wallace Berry's delivery of the one word line "soup?" is almost worth the price of admission by itself. I heartily recommend this movie to anyone who has a heart. It will be touched
Positively one of the worst horror movies ever. Bad script, acting, music... you name it, they've got it. Other bad horror movies are in the least funny. Sitting through this is absolutely painful. Utterly horrendous... The most HORRIBLE HORROR. Loads of cliches and overacting. The cheap ass crap music reeks of teen movies. Romantic lines and scenes just gives me the shivers and I get goosebumps from all that corny junk. I can't stand that idiot cop as well. YUCKS. AVOID THIS MOVIE.
watching this film on video, it made me wonder "my god, could ANYONE give his money to see it at a theather???!!!" i mean, who on earth would do such a thing?the scenario is simply so out of any possible reality, the man with the chopped finger sits and STARES all the time, instead of doing anything any man with an actual chopped finger would do! all the money they spent on making it should be givven back to the viewers for standing this suffering!THAT CANNOT BE CALLED CINEMA!
This is the second worst film of the year. First Prize went to Thin Red Line (Nominated for Best Picture??????). All the actors, who in my opinion are decent actors, had the "oh my god, my career is over" look throughout the entire film and who could blame them, Virus was a waste of time, energy and money. The story was decent, but the director completely screwed it up. It was poorly done and never seemed to captivate the viewer. 0 stars and a 1 on the IMDB.
What a hell. Nothing can be worst than watching this movie.I never knew that these creatures from hell who made this movie roams the earth. I think they are thrown out of hell by God after seeing this movie. A donkey can make a better movie. Awlfully made. pathetic, senseless,insane,useless - a horror for the audience. Some correction is required Beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good thing about this movie is it forced me to register with IMDb , this is my first review comment in life
Why is it that Fulci fans are so die hard and fail to admit that the director didn't even make a decent horror film? After hearing so much about his films when i was a teen, and seeing all his gory make up on Fangoria magazines, i decided to finally rent some of his stuff. Was i ever disappointed, this film is ludricroious, mainly because it doesn't even resemble a horror film. Most of the time is wasted on back drop information that leads up to a banal climax.
This is a rip-off of already crappy hollywood movies like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. The story is classic, some high-school students tries a prank on the class' asthmatic misfit but something goes wrong. Terribly wrong. When you watch the movie you know what'll happen before it happens all the time, not good if a movie tries to be scary. The actors are quite ok and the girls are cute (after all, they're asian) so i'll give it two out of five on the mojave'o'meter.
Like Millions of others I loved the original Babe. What a shock when my wife and I ventured out for the new Babe Goes To The City. The sight of Mr. Hoggett getting beat to a pulp in the opening scenes as he was trying to repair his well was nothing to seeing a dog drowning. Thinking back I questioned how anyone could 'do' a poor Babe sequel. All they had to do was follow the original format and collect the accolades but alas... Hollywood strikes again.
I don't usually have a problem with surreal films but this one was deadly. There are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it is a misery. The dialogue: "Gonna die, huh?" "Yep." The naked fat woman running around in her house for arcane reasons. The MOST boring characters I have ever encountered outside of a Slasher film. Admittedly all these things have their artistic rhyme and reason, but they're still about as fun to watch as an elderly relative cutting their toenails.
This has to be the worst Jones film of all time. What was he thinking? Guess maybe back in 1988 he didn't know he would be as big as he is today and just took any part he could get. Takes the good with the bad. I really had to try not to turn the tape off; half the time you're wondering why they put this certain scene in there. If for some reason in your life you don't get the chance to watch this, your not missing much.
This film is cute to the point of being saccharine sweet. It tells the story of a too good to be true school mistress and her pupils, and of a rough and tumble young boy whose life they touch. The treatment of the youngsters is improbable given the time period the film takes place in, and the film has a trite ending that ignores the realities of the situation the boy is in. Finally, the film features the original Bessie the Cow; that fact alone makes it too cute.
Why does it seem like the Hellraiser films are slowly becoming morality tales? I am starting to think that. Inferno was mostly morality and i could deal with it because it was something different but in hellseeker, we have "Lets make a deal" Kirsty and a cheating spouse and also a tale of greed. Cmon now. This movie basically said in only a few words, if you cheat or your greedy you will go to hell. To top it off, not enough of Pinhead. Ugh. Definitley wouldn't suggest this.
There's no doubt that The Waterboy will be a hit. It wasn't with me though. It's not that I don't like Sandler. It's just that I found him annoying in Billy Madison and a little annoying in Happy Gilmore. This movie shows Sandlers' truly annoying side. If you're going to see The Waterboy because of the physical hits don't bother. I didn't see ONE hit in the movie that they didn't show on TV. I would recommend the movie to kids under 12 (Or adults who are waterpeople).
BURGLAR is a stupid outing for Whoopi, who plays a cat burglar who witnesses a murder and becomes wanted for it. Now she has to find the person responsible for the murder before it's too late. Everyone seems wasted in this film, and not even Goldberg is any help this time. At least her role in JUMPIN' JACK FLASH was interesting. She took the money and ran on this one, resulting in a film with poor acting and lack of direction. A near-total waste. 1 out of 5
Considering the "name" stars involved in this flick (James Earl Jones, Robbie Benson among others), you'd think this film could rate above a 1 star. No such luck. This post-Mad Max, post-apocalyptic rip-off hits the same lows as most other such attempts, but finds some unique qualities of its own to make it even worse. Take one-part Mad Max, one-part The Warriors, mix well, and turn into foul-tasting hash. There are some feeble attempts at action and excitement, but even the ineptly staged action sequences defeat that. A yawner.
"What About Bob?" is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Sure, Bill Murray did a good job, but the humor was low and the plot very untasteful. Someone earlier said that this movie "must be seen and not analyzed." That right there was enough warning for me not to see it, but did I listen? No. I just had to see the star of "Groundhog Day"--a far, far superior film--in another so-called comedy. If you haven't seen this movie yet, don't. Spend your valuable time elsewhere.
Is this movie a philosophical journey, a love story, or a National Geographic documentary? Good luck figuring that out. What is easy to figure out is that it is definitely NOT a movie about war. It has many historical and technical inaccuracies which might be forgiven if the movie actually had any redeeming qualities other than beautiful cinematography. Pretentious philosophical monologues and amazingly beautiful scenes of native wildlife do not make up for a complete lack of character development or a stream of consciousness style plot. Undisciplined and Pretentious!
This documentary should never have been released,it is sick,vile,horrific,shocking and disturbing.The film should have been banned in the UK as it shows real-life images of people being shot by firing squads,it shows a man executed in the electric chair and shows a man have his jaw blown off by a gun.I can't understand why this was released or even made, who would want to watch real-life footage of people dying in such horrific ways?This film is a very disturbing documentary and should never have been released to the public.
This wartime drama falls a little flat in spite of a very talented cast. The rugged Robert Mitchum is in charge of evacuating American civilians in Korea, but ends up bombing refugees. War action is paced with heavy romance between Mitchum and Ann Blyth. This couple all but ignites the screen. Pretty hot for the early 50s. Also in the cast are Richard Egan, William Talman, Eduard Franz and Margaret Sheridan. Note:This movie is directed by Tay Garnett, whose work is better shown in THE CROSS OF LORRAINE(1943).
As a popcorn guzzling action lover, I found this film to be pretty bad. Sure, Van Damne may not be the greatest of all the action movie heroes, but he does have his moments (Hard Target, TimeCop, Sudden Death, Universal Soldier). But this film was just a waste. It was a slow paced, pretty boring film. The action of the film consists of two fight scenes, neither of which are any good. This is Van Damne's worst film, and one of the worst action films I have ever seen.
This movie deals with the problems a man faces with too many problems in his life. It is OK for a rental . If you like John Ritter( I liked him better in Three's Company), then you might like this movie. It was directed by Blake Edwards(who directed the movie "10"). The movie is almost like a black comedy , other times trying to be a drama. Only watch or buy if you like the main star John Ritter!!Skin Deep is a semi enjoyable movie for John Riitter fans.
A completely pointless remake of the 1942 film "The Tank" starring Humphrey Bogart. The Bogart film at least had some propaganda value in inaccurately depicting US troops in the Battle for Tobruk, which was an almost an entirely Australian affair. The overblown portrayal of all Germans as nasty, fanatical Nazis was frankly laughable. The only believable acting was of James Belushi as a typical loudmouthed American, or was he just playing himself? Surely 50 years after the event we can have some intelligent films about the Second World War.
As a western, this movie was so dull and tedious. It has none of the charisma of Young Guns nor the adventure of the Good, Bad and Ugly. There were no gunfire duals, in fact hardly any guns fired at all. What little action there was just showed people falling down after a few gun shots fired. No blood no wounds. Willie Nelson looked too old and too tired for his role. He looked nothing like the supposed "menacing and bloodthirsty" Barbarosa. My vote a 1 out of 10.
This movie is definitely a let down from the previous two. Both I and II were serious cops and robbers action movies into which Eddie Murphy added his style of comedy. The comedy added to the action but the movie was still about the good guys vs. bad guys. This movie tries to be all comedy and as a result falls flat, looking for the knockout joke with every scene. The cops look like idiots, the bad guys are caricatures. As a whole the movie is a let down.
This movie features two young actors who will hopefully be seen in more films. The teenage "good girl falls for boy from the wrong side of the tracks" story falls short of explaining the psychological factors that would cause a relatively stable girl to defy her parents and cause a hardened juvenile delinquent to open up so easily to his girlfriend. The writer hinted at some of these, but she never delved into it thus making it a predictable story that could have ended thirty minutes into the film.
Alan Turing is the man who broke the enigma code & in the words of Hunter S Thompson saved all of us from spending our Saturday nights @ Circus-Circus. Alan Turing was a "fag". He was so poorly treated by the English establishment that he killed himself. That would have been a very interesting story. The story that actually made it to the screen was useless. Oh, Alan Turing is also considered the founder of computer science -- but f*** that let's just make a piece of mindless spooge.
It's nothing like the TV series. The original series had a lot of action like the fight scenes, car chases, high speed jumps but this reunion didn't have any of it! There was only one jump scene and that was to impress the gangters that the Dukes were not losers. Hasn't the director ever seen CBS series and take some of those ideas and put it into the movie? If they're gonna make another reunion movie (which I doubt it), then they should come up with a different plot.
The only thing really startling about this film is that they could be so predictable. Strong strains of Jurassic Park-type ideas were used without any attempt at even a thin veil of originality. Plot twists were more reminiscent of lazy half spirals as it plummeted to earth in a hurry. The CGI effects were okay but seemed to be done in an effort to distract the viewer from the lack of substance. For a film of this price it's a bad story with even worse execution: 4/10
I don't know... I give kids this age much more credit then the director of this movie... I mean, it wasn't bad... it was fun... at the beginning and i know that they have to put in a lot of educational statements... but couldn't they found a better more intelligent way of putting them in? and the ending... it was too unbelievable... i dont know... as i said... maybe its just me and maybe I'm too old for it... but if i were a kid i would b insulted
Movies have always shown a fascination for these grim, dreary tales with unredeeming, amoral, warped characters at their center (especially if the tales are based on true events), but OUR fascination with such movies is harder to explain and borders on the masochistic. If there is ONE (1) thing to be gained from watching "Deep Crimson", I'm afraid I missed it. Although it's set mostly in the Mexican deserts, the film is rather claustrophobically directed by Arturo Ripstein, who lets several of his scenes drag on too long. (*1/2)
One of the worst films I've ever seen. Great cast, including, Gary Sinise, Anna Paquin, Giovanni Ribisi, Joan Allen, Jeff Daniels, is totally wasted. However, a great role was also wasted, David Schwimmer could have done so much with his role as a gun crazed homosexual, but instead he was boring and useless. Why does this guy act out of "Friends", or at all? I don't want to talk about this movie to much, it's just wasting my time. This film totally sucked and DO NOT SEE IT!
"Demonic Toys" is a curious mixture of gore and cheesiness - in about equal measures. In fact, this film epitomizes cheesiness: stupid plot, uneven effects, mostly terrible acting (save for leading lady Tracy Scoggins, who is too awesome-looking for her acting to matter anyway), and dialogue laced with lame puns ("You messed up my make-up"!). But the gore is pretty extreme and over-the-top (the dolls rip off huge chunks of flesh from the faces of their victims). It's a bad film, but tolerable IF you're in the right mood.....(*1/2)
GETTING RIGHT TO IT. If you're going to take the time to make an epic war movie, don't throw a love story into it. Scenes were completely drawn out, particularly a sex scene that had my friends and I looking at each other thinking "when is this going to end." The whole love story slowed the movie down and took a lot out of it. First 30 minutes were GREAT, comparable to Saving Private Ryan, then it goes to hell... view it at your own risk
Yikes. What a mess this is; it's a lot easier now to understand why this was unreleased on video for so many years. As someone who enjoyed "Head," I was willing to give this a shot, but there is way too much Brian Auger & Julie Driscoll, short shrift given to some rock and roll legends (Little Richard, Fats Domino, and Jerry Lee Lewis) and some awful Monkees music numbers (excepting a nice "Listen to the Band" at the end). Pointless and dull, this is for Monkee completists only.
I saw this movie at a screening in LA recently and really enjoyed it: the stylish shots, fast pace, cool editing, funky soundtrack and the whole story engulfs you. This movie gives such a strong sense of how small the world has become. Set in a corporate multinational world with the backdrop of old, beautiful cities and local raw industries of Holland, Kevin, the hardworking and confident American is in the battle of his life to keep his soul alive. A great fusion of Hollywood action and independent filmmaking.
Now I'm not generally a LOVER of 30's film. The monologues are frankly quite too much for me. I am a lover of GOOD film. And while Meet Joe Black isn't the finest caliber of film out there, it kicks this one's butt! I was accepting of it until Death walks out of the room laughing evilly?because he is going to be human. How ridiculous. It's all so overly dramatic that it's a comedy more than a love story. I recommend it for a good laugh :)
I really tried to like this movie. And while it wasn't horrendous, I found myself getting more and more fatigued as it went along. It perked my interest enough that I was too curious to just turn it off. But it was SO SLOW MOVING that I felt like I was the one lost in a time machine. The acting was not bad, but the scenery was unchanging and boring. Although the ending was good, by the time it finally got there I didn't even care how it ended.
I bought this at Wherehouse Music for $6 and its not worth 6 cents. i would have returned but it was a going out of business purchase so i ended up giving it away to my fiance's parents. They hated it also and are trying to find someone else to take it off their hands. It's another in a long line of "spoofs" of horror movies, it tries to be funny and tongue in cheek but its just total garbage, don't waste your time watching this. Davey M.
This is the kind of thing that passed for a skin flick in the '70's. They do a lot better job these days. The title is a lot more titillating than the film itself. Candice Rialson and Robin Mattson, both veterans of this type of mild fare, star in this forgettable entry in a series of "Nurse" movies that Roger Corman put out, which doesn't even have a lot of funny '70's fashions and hairstyles to laugh at. Only for those serious students of the history of drive-in movies.
This is an awfully bad movie. The plot is so, how can I put this, USELESS I really can't understand why they bothered filming it. This is a waste of money, for the producer and the audience. Believe it or not, the plot is not the worst thing about it. This film is in a way educational. If you want to be an actor, see this film and you'll see great examples on horrible acting. But then again you probably don't need to se this mess to understand that.
Ernie Reyes Jr. and Sr. made a film with no moral integrity. They make drug dealing look like a decent way to make a living and try to make smoking and cursing like a sailor look cool. They did have a lot of catholic imagery in the film so i guess it is ok to be a bad person as long as you read the bible. Also, there are some weird scenes that involve the villian cross dressing. This being said some of the fight scenes were pretty good.
"Yonggary" is a pretty amusing film about a big lizard from Korea named Yonggary.It's a fine example of giant monster flick that will keep most monster lovers entertained.The special effects are horrible,but they are still fun to watch.The script by Marty Poole is laughable.The acting by a bunch of unknowns is not too hot,either.The film features giant monsters,car chases,exploding jets and helicopters,spaceships and space aliens,so kids won't be disappointed.I love horror movies,but this one is surely nothing special.Avoid it,but if you have enough time to waste...4 out of 10.
My biggest problem with this film is Garry Shandling. One has to ask why they cast him in the lead role. He is not handsome, endearing or charming at all. To be honest he is annoying and a mediocre actor at best. I had to wonder why Annette Bening's character even looked twice at him. The film is interesting in an odd way. It is truly original. But it loses steam and could have been much better with a better screenplay and a better lead actor. It's a shame.
I see a number of people felt the same way I did about this movie. The $4.88 I paid for this DVD was overpriced by about $4.78. I must have seen worse movies than this - films that were offensive or overly violent. However, for plain embarrassing ineptitude, this one takes the cake. It makes "Attack of the killer tomatoes" look like Ibsen in comparison. I'm reaching for new superlatives of bad, but I fall short. If you have a chance to see this movie, take a walk instead.
For such an interesting topic, I found the film lacking in actual information about Victor. Then the film just ends. Victor is somewhere between 12 and 15(?) years old, if that old, and all we've seen are the attempts to teach him to read. The film was neither a film (acting was apparently not an issue) nor a documentary. I had to look up online to find out that he died 28 years later. Of what? What happened to him between where the movie ended and when he died?
Hit me wastes the film rights to Jim Thompson's excellent novel A SWELL-LOOKING BABE. The story is discarded in favor of a pointless exercise in Scenery-chewing by the usually superb Elias Koteas. We witness pointless double-crosses and mindless plot twists while perverting the novel."Hit Me" is a show of mediocre style instead of things that most people like in movies: good characters, exciting plot, witty dialogue, things like that. Jim Thompson fans, the only people who would want to see this movie anyways, should be prepared for disappointment.
there's a gag in this movie that's utterly stupid. it happens near the end when it's discovered boomer has a twin...john ma runs past onlookers, then boomer follows him. the onlookers faint, apparently in shock over seeing identical twins. they decided it would be funny if they repeated this gag. SIX TIMES. there are SEVEN occasions when people faint after seeing twins, which wasn't funny the first time. lots of people get hit over the head in this movie, but it's not thugs, it's the audience with lame chinese jokes.
I went to see this film despite awful reviews from some dutch newspapers. What a waste of time, this film is so boring I walked out after an hour. The director seems to think overlighting equals interesting filmmaking. It doesn't and to make things worse he tries to go back and forth in time, again thinking this would make for some interesting film. Again he's mistaken. He only manages to confuse and bore his viewers to death. Better to go see Y tu mama tambien, a much better film.
Creative and original horror comedy about an eloping teen's girlfriend who is abducted by a cop from Hell---literally. The late Richard Farnsworth plays mentor to the teen (Chad Lowe), and soon the boy is off to the netherworld to save his bride-to-be. Only mildly suspenseful, but works better as a self-parody, with dashes of loopy humor and supporting characters the like. The Hell cop (played by FRIDAY THE 13TH PART 6's C.J. Graham) is particularly amusing. **1/2 out of ****. MPAA: Rated R for violence and brief nudity.
"Policewomen" is an action/adventure film that is worth seeing, especially if you are a fan of women's martial arts. Sondra Currie is the main female action heroine whose knowledge of karate is put to use in a prison, in a gym, on a boat and on the back of a truck. Jeannie Bell also has notable fight scenes. Both of them prove that women can fight and that they can look very sexy while doing so. The story is a crime-fighting caper that is enhanced by a good musical score.
I first saw The Zoo Gang when I was a child of about five. The story itself is the cliche'd 80's movie where a group of kids beat the odds to fight for the club that they have, the place that gives them meaning. They fight an incoming developer and his hick family by training with Ben Vereen, otherwise known as Chicken George from Roots. When their training is finished, they realize that they've had the power the whole time to defend themselves and their friendships are made even stronger.
As a movie viewer that loves strange and offbeat movies this is definitely that type of film. I never really got into the movie until the red neck, and then it seemed to perk up the flow of the film. From the cast list I'd guess Buddy Howard is fun character to place in an below average film. Kudos to the writer and director for a clever character and great placement, does anyone know any other films Buddy Howard has done I'd like to know Thanks Bill
i just watched this movie, and it was awesome. i thought it was very realistic, especially how the characters were portrayed. i think it would have sucked to have been in Roger Maris' shoes at times. he really had it bad that season from the fans and the press. this movie was really cool. i don't know if i am the only one, but i started to cry at the end, seeing mark mcgwire get choked up talking to the press about number 62. great movie, please check it out.
Yet another movie aimed at the 'not for everyone' crowd, This simply fantastic movie about a clown who tries to survive as a tenant in a cannibalistic butcher shop has 'Jeunet et Caro' written all over it. The visuals are awe-inspiring, and the film is contains with numerous scenes where sound and visuals combine to give the viewer a gritty feeling of rhythm within the movie. Beautifully choreographed and staged, well-written, and exciting. Pardon the irrationality of this review, but I get excited even when writing of it. Go see.
I've seen the William Holden version, and the Robby Benson version, but this OUR TOWN is by far the best. This is the filmed version of the Tony award winning broadway play, filmed simply on a bare stage in New York city, and it really works well. Our school used it as a template for our production! Featuring stellar performances from Spalding Grey, Eric Stoltz and Penelope Miller, this piece will move you and make you laugh- there's a reason this is an American classic. Watch it with your family..
I just watched the video of this film (it wasn't released widely in theaters) and I think it was well worth seeing. I think if the distributors had marketed it for the people who enjoyed "Notting Hill" it could have done well in theaters. The basic plot is of three boyhood friends in London who all meet an American girl. Eventhough the outcome is fairly predictable, the plot takes several twists to arrive there. If you like romantic comedies, give this one a chance. You won't be disappointed.
This film was quite literally a banging spectacle. I could see the sub-text of 'pity this poor deluded girl' but I instead chose to ignore it and applaud the young woman's decision to work her way through all those men. On film. I only wish I could have joined in! It's her right, so dont get all snotty, people. More footage of the actual bang would have been appreciated, and indeed, I believe many guys will pick this film up expecting it to be pure porn. It's a bang-me-do!
This is my first time watched movie directed by Kim Ki-Duk. I was quite shocked about story line. One bad guy(he is a pimp) suddenly fall in love with college girl, but she made embarrassed him in front of peoples, so he trapped her to become a hooker. This is short story. you might think not that special. You gotta see then feel! He used paper to kill. He never talked a word in the whole movie except once. Bad Guy is really unique style movie. I gave it 10.
This film portrays a few interesting weeks in the life of a suburban New York slacker. Any five minutes taken out of context would lead one to believe the movie is full of mundane humor. However, this movie as a whole asks some deep questions and believably portrays members of the suburban working class. At the end of it you're left wondering how close you've come to the predicaments Buscemi's character invites. Or perhaps you empathize more with people you've know who are like him and others in the film.
This movie seems like it was put together out of desperation, not the desire to make a movie. It had a terrible plot, bad acting, and the characters were not believable. It was a Disney made for TV movie, which explains much of this. Though not as bad as "Mom's Got a Date With a Vampire", it was still not worth seeing. If you want to see a movie that doesn't require much brain work, this would be a good one. I give it 2 out of 10 stars.
Despite having a hard time understanding the accents during first few minutes of the movie, I really liked this film. It gives you a glimpse of what is like growing up gay, going to school being bullied, and having to hide your relationship. Every scene in the movie is perfect. The scene during the dance where Carter's and Dixon's eyes meet gives me goosebumps, and the scene where Dixon was beating the crap out of Carter to prove he wasn't gay was just disheartening. Overall, I like this film.
I thought this movie was both moving and funny and more important believable. The characters were well thought about and played with charm. At no point was it a in your face film and thought about its subject with a fresh and likeable understanding. My one disappointment was the thought that the only way for young gay people was to find each other was to go to the toilets or woods, Or that all gay people want is sex Come on lets get a bit more original on that one.
From opening to closing Midnight Run is the definative road movie, and is an absolute must view. DeNiro is perfection incarnate as the angry ex-cop with honor, Grodin is a loveable goof while maintaining his classic dead-pan, and all of the multiple supporting characters are great and well used by Martin Brest. The stand out is Koto's FBI Agent, and one has to wonder how hard it was for him the keep his characters stoic facade. Buy it, rent it, copy it, whatever you do you will love this movie.
A slightly inferior companion piece to the stunningly brilliant "Porky in Wackyland", the first two minutes of this cartoon are fairly standard (though good) Warner Bros pre-WW II animation fare. Then: the camel freaks out, succumbing to that "desert madness", and the proceedings get totally out of hand. Some of the best cartoon mania anywhere (and surely one of the sources to the rumor that all early animators loved hallucinogenics). Alas, to the best of my knowledge, the camel never followed up his star turn in this one.
I was a huge fan of this show, saw every episode, and then all of a sudden it went off the air! What the #$@#@ happened?!!! Talk about a rude awakening!! I had to get drunk just to deal with the shock of this!! I think I need a meeting now, just writing about it! And when Tim Curry came aboard, fuggedaboudit it! He and Lynn Redgrave were PRICELESS together, I mean absolutely PRICEless, dahling! Truly the best 'sitcom' I have ever seen. Bring it back, bring it back now!
Last night I took my boys ages 5 and 10 to see Dinosaur. Some of the scenes were a bit too intense for the 5 year old, who got scared and had to sit on my lap. The visuals were stunning. The story was disappointing. As my 10 year old pointed out, it was a rehash of the animated dinosaur movie (series now) "Land Before Time". Could it be that the only things talking dinosaurs ever want to do is to find a hidden valley after a meteor strike?
A harmless bit of fluff, best consumed with pizza and cheap beer. This low-budget movie is a carbon copy of 1,000 other unmemorable late-80's/early-90's flicks. It's a cute, naive little flick with no blood or violence, a little bit of simulated sex, and many a boob-shot. Vacuous, yes, but worth watching for those who enjoy the occasional Charles Band/Full Moon flick. The cinemotography and sound leave a lot to be desired, but the best cinemotography wouldn't exactly have made this a masterpiece. Don't take it seriously; the director certainly didn't.
I dreamed about being chased by dinosaurs every night for weeks! I was five years old at the time (1957) but, what higher praise can you give a movie in this genre? I haven't seen the movie in it's entirety since that memorable night so, my inner child gives it a ten. And high praise to the IMDB Power Search, without which I would not have rediscovered this childhood scarefest. I did not remember the title; my memory had fixed on "Hell's Chimney". Maybe that's a phrase from the movie.
This easily one of the top 3 movies I've ever seen. GREAT acting from top to bottom, a great story line, editing, directing, everything. Russell Crowe deserves all the success he gets after this film - he was BRILLIANT. I saw it toward the end of its run, and boy am I glad I caught it while it was still in theaters. Also the movie poster is really cool, I'd highly recommend checking ebay or online stores if you're into that sort of thing. Off to see Traffic...
The horrors of the Nazi death camps is brought into sharp, stark focus in this brilliant movie. A horrific study of human nature. A deeply disturbing collection of graphic images. Intense acting and very unusual direction tells the story of the Sonderkomandos... those hapless inmates who where given the terrible task of loading the ovens with the copses of their gased neighbours, friends and family. Not suitable for a first date, but definitely a movie you should see with someone with whom you can talk openly afterwards. Watch it!
Beautifully photographed and sumptuous to watch. Brooke Shields, with that famous saucy and spirited personality, is gorgeous. I wasn't bothered by the nudity. I wasn't bothered by the story either and I feel the movie accurately portrayed a different time with a quite different moral tone than the one we live with today. But, hey, stories are just stories. Actually, I think the main reason this movie works is because it comes across as honest, it feels like being in another place and another time, and it's lovely to see.
Badly acted, written, and directed, Certain Fury provides a fair amount of unintentional laughs. Tatum is the 'bad' girl, Irene the 'good' girl gone bad. One of the funniest scenes had Tatum spitting in Peter Fonda's face. He responds by slashing her face (in unconvincing close-up) with his nail file. When she falls to the ground screaming, he blurts out to his hench-men, "Get this bleeding bitch off my boat!" If you like 'good bad films' then this one is for you. If you prefer quality...well then you've been warned.
Three couples on the making in a remote Castilian village. The physical horizons are as vast as the mental horizons are narrow. The three men are local, the three women come from distant places (the "Flowers from another world" of the title). While telling three short stories, the film makes perceptive observations on what makes relationships start and hold on, cultural shock and wear, coexistence of the poor and the less poor, antagonism between cities and countryside. The actors are natural, the script, intelligent and with a point of humor.
This is a claustrophobic little film, independently made with a small budget, yet it delivers the goods. Think "Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer" combined with "Vampirella". An average run-of-the-mill Midwestern serial killer meets up with a lovely vampire. She then runs off and leaves him to the tender mercies of another lovely vampire who teaches him how to feed his own hunger for blood. The serial killer then struggles with his conscience and his sanity--all leading to a somewhat twisted ending. Not a great film, but well worth watching.
The story is hard to understand. The relationships of the characters are in a mess. It seem to me that they are all related some how. But other than good vs evil, I don't get much else. The nudity is a little over done; most of the scene are unnecessary. The only thing good about it is the two energetic school girls in this animation and there are some funny moments from them. (However, my favorite character is the magic dog that transformed into a long hair, short skirt girl.)
Angus is a film in which some might identify with...you have all those fun issues as a child..angus addresses a few with respect. I could watch this film over and over. The cast is great, not too over-acted ..just right. First time I ever wanted to hear what George C. Scott had to say..and now I must watch again to hear him again..Point is this movie is a gentle look at the life of a kid with a few problems that only others seem to have. Ohh..and great soundtrack also!!
I've never heard of this movie on tv or anywhere. I've seen the name somewhere on internet (p2p...) and I've checked here on imdb to know more about it, it sounded interesting. Now I've seen it and I put this movie in the top 3 of all movies I've ever seen ! It's amazing, from the start to the end you'll never get your eyes off of the screen. The actors are wonderful, there's really nothing bad to say about this movie. Go buy/rent it it's fabulous !
One of the best paced of all Keaton films, `Battling Butler' is not uproariously funny but is consistently amusing and entertaining. Being mistaken for an up-and-coming boxer, Alfred Butler (Keaton) falls in love and marries on the basis of this mistaken identity. Trying to keep his wife from finding out creates the needed comic situation to allow the humor to emerge. His leading lady, Sally O'Neil, sparkles in her supporting role. Snitz Edwards, humorous in his own right, is a delight as Keaton's valet. The final scene is a gem!
The only reason I watched this film was because of Megan Ward but I'm glad I did. The film is good to pass the time I like these types of flicks. I think it can be compared to 'Wild Things' its got a ton of plot twists and some twisted humor. Well worth the watch. The cast is good as it needs to be with the two female leads doing well. All the film needed was an actual 'scary' bad guy figure none the actors came across that way.
Some have justly criticized this film for moralizing too much. However I still enjoyed it for the acting (Bogart of course and John Derek as well) and for the intelligent exploration of how much responsibility rests on the individual and how much on society. A note of interest is that Dewey Martin (Nicky's friend Butch) would later play Bogart's brother in The Desperate Hours. I also appreciated character actor Vince Barnett's (The Killers) portrayal as the less than reliable bartender. All in all, a flawed but nevertheless worthwhile film, 7/10.
I sat in the cinema after the credits had rolled almost unable to bring myself to leave, get in my car and drive home. I was completely overwhelmed by this intense film and its in your face storyline. Whether the story the film was based on was true or not, I thought the performances of all the actors and actresses were exceptional, the photography was excellent and overall though not a film that could be called 'enjoyable' because it was so sad, I was intensely moved and gave it 9/10.
This good-guy-vs-the-evil-tyrant story, set in 19th century Russia, may have been an attempt to extend Steve Reeves' career beyond those "Hercules" movies. However, despite the different costumes, it's still a "Hercules" movie with the usual stilted dialog, haphazard dubbing, and cardboard characters. On the other hand, there's lots of action, the pace rarely flags, and Reeves gets to do yet another one of those scenes where he's stripped to the waist, bound with ropes, and given a vigorous whipping which, needless to say, has little effect on his defiant character.
This 1990 classic puts us in the middle of the Irish mafia in New York's Hells Kitchen. This masterpiece tells the story of old friendships, different perspectives on life, betrayal, loyalty, and the destruction of the self. Sean Penn delivers a strong performance here, as does Ed Harris and Gary Oldman. This is overall a truly emotional and violent roller-coaster of what happens when friends grow and and the repercussions of what that means, be it good or bad. A must see for Penn/Oldman fans, and any drama film fanatic.
"Lady Jayne:Killer" is a bottom of the barrel B-flick from the get go. You only have to scan the roster to see the personnel are a bunch of B-listers and maybe seeing ex-Playmate Eleniak get naked is the most one can hope for. Unfortunately, this lame flick doesn't even deliver a little gratuitous T&A as it limps along though its trite and cliche-ridden story about a beautiful hitwoman, a bunch of money, and a broke mom and son destined for a showdown. Pretty awful stuff not worth the time. (D+)
I almost never give movies a 1/10; even really bad films usually have some small redeeming qualities. Unfortunately Thanksgiving Family Reunion is so mind-numbing bad it isn't even worth seeing for a cheap laugh. Horribly delivered, unfunny, often embarrassing jokes, terrible acting, completely forgettable characters, and no plot or direction what so ever. A completely pointless waste of time from start to finish. Remember when National Lampoon made good films like "Animal House" and "Vacation"? Where did it go so horribly wrong? 1/10 all the way.
I have seen most of Tom Berenger's movies, and I feel that this may, perhaps, be his best effort. I have seen this movie half a dozen times, and it continues not to bore me. The story was different and interesting. Admittedly, there are a few instances the when the acting isn't Academy Award caliber, but on the whole this was very good entertainment. After seeing this movie, I felt that Tom Berenger would definitely have a been a more preferable choice than Robert Redford in "The Horse Whisperer".
Gillian Armstrong's valentine to Miles Franklin's classic novel is one of the most beautiful movies ever made, and my personal favorite to watch over and over again. The photography is brilliant and Judy Davis delivers and unforgettable performance. She really takes you inside the head and soul of a very complex character who is alienated, fascinated, and bemused by the role she has been given to play in life. Every mother should show this movie to her teenage daughter. It may be the last chance you have to laugh together.
I saw this feature as part of the Asian American Film Festival in New York and was horrified by the graphic, sado-masochistic, child pornography that I witnessed. The story line is hidden beneath way too many graphic sex scenes - and, not one is in the least bit erotic - sick is the more the feeling. The director seemed to be going for shock value rather the exploring the various levels of why these characters are like this. See it if you can stomach it - I still have flashbacks.
One expects more from Universal movie monsters than one gets here. This film disappoints on many levels. While the Beasts of the Dark do make for some cool critters, the reasons for their actions at the end are not altogether made fully clear. Plus the ending after the expected ending is such a terrible letdown that it will leave a bad taste in most viewers mouths. Also the film has a terrible slow and dull pace. Even John Agar couldn't save this one and I so wanted to like it.
The famous novel, which this film is based on, was a big best-seller when it was released. Hollywood, of course, was immediately there and realized, that this was something that you could make a movie out of. Despite good performances by the leading men, the film is much too long, and lacks the dramatic continuity of the book. The music, though, by Jerry Goldsmith and the cinematography by Fred J.Koenekamp are both excellent. A little more French influence on the making of this movie would probably have increased its authenticity.
Alan Parker's Mississippi Burning is an unflinching look at racism in the South. This is a very difficult movie to watch, but it is well worth it, and a reminder of past events -- events that should never be forgotten. Gene Hackman gives a power-house of a performance, ripping up the screen in every scene. The film has a strong supporting cast as well, including the always dynamic Michael Rooker. Many have complained about the death-wish like final act, but the final results are completely called for and necessary.
I guess it's unfair that every "mockumentary" evokes comparisons with Spinal Tap, but this one is so very well done that it actually transcends its inspiration. While FORGOTTEN SILVER provides its share of hilarious moments (the Stan-The-Man sub-plot is a stroke of pure comedic genius,) it's the poignancy of Jackson's film that makes it special. If you find yourself shedding a tear by the movie's end, it's a testament to the quirkily gifted Jackson that, even with a lark of a project, he can deliver an unexpected masterpiece. Amazing.
I first saw this movie when I was 9 years old and it was the scariest movie I'd ever seen. I vividly recall the scenes of terrified people running from the monster and being melted by the radiation waves emitted by the beast! I watched the movie again last year and still found it compelling, albeit in a low budget way. I remember the sub-head, or perhaps the trailer to be "It came from the sea." Or, perhaps I was hiding under the sheets and didn't hear it correctly.
parker and stone push their vision right over the edge and make fart jokes all the way down. i can't even begin to tell you how obscene and vulgar this movie was, because the audience and i were laughing so hard, we'd miss parts. the only people who should really be offended by this are saddam hussein (but not really since he's a... anyways) and winona ryder (since her piece didn't make any sense). i just really want to see the versions that the MPAA jerks didn't give an R...
I was very surprised after watching the other films from the BMWs films "The Hire", because although all were clever and entertaining, none had the emotional power of this one. Guy Richie's was great but in a humorous way, and more as an homage to BMW's cars.... Powder Keg was about as deep and attaching and emotional and real as you can get in a 7 min film. Shot in a documentary style way in 16mm, it's a great look at the genius of an upcoming director. 8-1/2 /10
The two leading actors here just own the film. There are so many memorable scenes, its full of drama yet is a great comedy. Lets face it Jack Nicholson was made for the part, and he says things that I would love to do but never have the balls, yet he is incredibly dry. The scene where one of his fans, a stereotypical dumb blonde (he's a writer) asks him how he writes women so well, 'I think of a man and take away reason and accountability.' LOL!
john ford have said that "The Fugitive " was his only perfect film . The film was not a commercial success and the critics write bad thing about it . Never mind . This movie is a song of beauty , a study about the catholic faith that can survive against the worst conditions ( an atheist government). See you "the fugitive ", a truly great movie . fernando alonso barahona author of "Cecil B. de Mille ", "LAs obras maestras del cine ", "Antropología del cine " ....
This is a preposterous film, everything about it is forced and unbelievable. It is occasionally very funny but it's not supposed to be. From the gradual removal of Neeson's facial hair to the music score which sounds like it belongs to a completely different film to the ridiculous attempt at love story plotline to the laughably bad ending. The acting is of soap-opera standards and the plot development is not much better. Perhaps it's really a spoof in which case it's a classic! (3/10) A V O I D
I saw the movie when it came out and was just floored. It was so damn cool. It came out at a time when I was going through my own rebellion against society and it's norms. The music alone is worth a viewing. I've got the album way back when and still listen to it. The climatic Sleeze Sister concert and the inevitable parting of Nikki and Pammy is true for all first loves when people realize that they have to let go of someone because they are growing apart.
So it's 7am and I'm barely awake on a Monday morning and just flipping through the channels, minding my own business, when along comes this short that put me in the best frame of mind for the week. No spoilers, but I loved the turn-about on the old peep show theme. I was wondering how it would end and the surprise is definitely worth the nine minutes, but the entire short is hilarious. Check Cinemax listings for showing in August and September of 2000. Do not miss taping this one.
When thinking about German resistance against Hitler, most people can think only of one name: Stauffenberg. Klaus-Maria Brandauer reminds the world that a humble carpenter tried to save the world from the horror of WW2, all by himself. A great movie, full of suspense, with great actors - especially Brandauer himself. Especially impressive is the way Brandauer as director managed to show the atmosphere of Nazi-Germany immediately before the war, and atmosphere of fear and mistrust that forced Elser to go to extremes in hiding his plans.
This film bored me to death and was very unrealistic. Thousands upon Thousands of Zulu's attacked and outnumbered all the leading characters, but once Tyrone Power(Paul Van Riebeck),"Blood & Sand",'41 appeared, the Zulu's all gave up and went home. It is a shame that such great actors as Susan Hayward (Katie O'Neill),"I'll Cry Tomorrow",'55, Richard Egan,(Kurt Hout),"A Summer Place",'59, Agnes Moorehead (Aggie),"The Conqueror",'56 and Rita Morena(Julia),"West Side Story",'61 had to waste their time performing in this GREAT WHITE ELEPHANT ! They all must have been offered a very large salary!
Sorry, I don't see how the first half and second halves of this film tied together. OK, there were soldiers in both. As two separate films it has hope. The pace in the two halves (films?) was entirely different. As were the people. Everyone was a "slacker" at the start and the solders were driven in the second. However, I liked the two sisters who befriended the two young men, gave them soda and offered pot. I'd like a movie about them! Didn't see them at the mall.
A total snoozer. If it is based on a true story, then it took far to long to tell, and it just wasn't worth it. What was the point? He was a confused young man? Watch this movie and you'll be confused. The screenplay, characters, and acting are so weak. If there's a movie to miss, this is the one. I just can't believe the other reviews given this movie. This is one lame movie. If it's so great, would you ever sit through a second time? I doubt it.
As a non-Mormon I found this movie to be highly offense in its attack on mainstream Christianity, its obfuscation of facts and appeal to emotion. I would highly recommend this movie to Christian denominations as a training aid to show the LDS Church's true feelings towards historic Christianity have never changed, how it glosses over its radical redefinition of terms, how it publicly denies it doctrines when convenient, and how the LDS Church continually attempts to divert attention from those attacks by wrapping itself within the claim that `they're persecuted!'
Maybe I wouldn't rather go to the dentist, but this film still isn't very good. Nothing about will shock you like it wants to, after the first victim is swallowed by the CURSE, you'll know every line, every plot point, everything that's going to happen. Whoever wrote this must have just watched about a million old cheesey horror films. Not worth the celluliod it was made on. On a scale of ONE to TEN, THE CURSE gets a 3, because the guy from Stand by Me is in it!
You must wonder about the intelligence of TV viewers during the seventies when this gibberish was on top. I saw my first episode last week and was totally amazed at the amateur hour presented therein. A sixth grade dialogue, extremely emaciated plot, downright silly action scenes as the "girls" took on ruthless drug lords with their pipsqueak snubbies, absolutely pathetic performances, and the list goes on and on. But who could give a good performance when asked to do mindless garbage like this? No wonder I prefer books to television.
This film ranks with "They Saved Hitler's Brain" as one of the most campy films of all time. The story and performances are laughably unbelievable. Basically the scenario is this: Mengele (Peck) clones Hitler about 100 times, then kills all the clones' adoptive fathers because Hitler's father died. And there's something about a dog's birthday. One of the few B movies by the otherwise great actors Peck and Olivier. The only interesting scene was at the end when Olivier shakes hands with a clone. Worth watching only for camp value.
Sit in a hard chair if you intend on staying awake through all of Deal of the Century. This movie is just plain boring. It deals with Chase, Weaver, and Hines trying to sell a bunch of pilotless planes to a dictator who looks like Saddam Hussein's chipper twin. There are a few funny lines. Overall you'll just wonder what on earth is going on but won't care enough to rewind and try to find out. Wallace Shawn is the only bright spot in this mess, but he's eliminated quickly.
This was not a bad story but it had no budget. the directing was done well, but they had so little to work with. The lead actor plays Dr. Craig Wesley on Days of our Lives. It was hard seeing him in this role as I am used to seeing him in a soap opera. It is a believable story. I rented this movie as I just saw Wrong turn on the big screen. It was the same type of story. It looked like it was just put together. 4/10
An amusingly bad mix of post-Freudian psychology, sleep science, bedeviled women, and naked co-eds. This is a classic adult thriller, meaning that it is not thrilling and is really meant for frustrated teenagers. The acting is periodically horrible, but usually rises to the level of being just awful. The plot (about four students and a professor who conquer their sexual fears while lucid dreaming but--surprise!--meet a mysterious devil-woman in their dreams and must team up to defeat her) is intriguing in the let's-slow-down-and-look-at-the-overturned-tractor-trailer sort of way. Standard pay-TV after-dark fare.
There really isn't much to say about this movie. It's sickeningly boring and it doesn't make much sense! It even makes "Howling II" look good. And that IS saying a lot. The mother was an insult to women everywhere as she fluttered through this one like a butterfly. The boy was so gut-wrenchingly despicable that you almost want to cry. Twenty minutes into this one, I was asleep. When I woke up, I was wishing that Stirba and her "gang" would "pop out" somewhere. Once again, this film is garbage!
This sequel to Mortal Kombat involves a bunch of video-game heroes trying to save the Earth from the clutches of bad guy Shao Khan. Special effects are downright terrible,the acting is,well,I wouldn't even call it acting,and it's as if the film is trying to throw too much at you at one time. If you must watch this movie,make sure it's on television,where you won't waste your money on a rental. This movie is just abysmal. 1/2 of a star out of **** (I think I'm being too nice there)
I want my 88 minutes back. A B movie with B list "talent" and a screenplay that deserved lighter fluid and a match. A selection of bad horror movie hacks pieced together by contrived twists. You don't see the ending coming in the same way that you don't anticipate the pain of dental surgery until after the novocaine wears off. After Bill Shatner's dot com fiasco he should have retired. He could do great self-deprecating roles. Instead he is not even reading the script before doing the movie.
DEAD HUSBANDS is a somewhat silly comedy about a bunch of wives conspiring to bump off each others husbands`. It`s by no means embarrassingly bad like some comedies I could mention but it never fufils its potential . Imagine how good this could have been if we had the Farrelly brothers directing Ben Stiller in the role of Carter Elson . Oh is Carter based on Jerry Springer ? Just curious because the catch phrase on Dr Elson`s show is " look after each other and keep talking "
No other words describes this movie other than it absolutely stinks. The plot seemed interesting with a perfectly frozen man with incredibly advanced DNA, but for some stupid reason, this vital plot point was dropped and a relationship between this scientist and his retarded brother was brought to the forefront. The dialogue was hackneyed and trite. Another reason to know why this movie stinks is that the San Diego Padres were incorporated as an essential part of the "plot". If I could give this movie a negative score; I would!
The 1999 remake of "Gloria", is an insult to the great John Cassavettes, who wrote and directed the original in 1980. Sidney Lumet proves that he is not even in the same league as Cassavettes. This new version completely lacks the energy and the intensity of the original. Ridiculous melodrama and overblown sentimentality is the only thing Sidney Lumet has to offer. And Sharon Stone's acting ability seems laughable when compared to Gena Rowlands, who originated the role in 1980. Rent the original and skip the remake. Make Cassavettes proud.
I thought this movie had an interesting title, but that was about it. I found it excruciatingly boring and incredibly pretentious. This movie reflects, I think, Hollywood's disdain for the average moviegoer and shows just how out of touch Hollywood's writers and directors are. I lived in LA for many years, and I can truthfully say that I never met characters like those displayed in this movie. On the positive side, I thought Jennifer Rubin was beautiful, although she played a total jerk and that Grant Show was good.
This version of "Hamlet" uses the exact idea of Bazz Luhrmann's "Romeo + Juliet". A William Shakespeare play, presented in our decade, with all modern things interfering or completely changing scenes. All but the dialog, who remained as close as possible to the original. Ethan Hawke and Kyle MacLachlan are both very good, but unfortunately Julia Stiles destroys her scenes, with her flat and inexpressive appearence. Still it's an interesting watch, but only if you're a big fan of someone involved in this picture. Vote: 4 out of 10.
This is the most pathetic movie I have ever seen. This movie broke an obvious rule, NEVER TRY TO MAKE A B GRADE HORROR MOVIE SERIOUS. What were they thinking. The high point of C.H.U.D. was a scene where Reverend goes to use a payphone, a guy walks up trying to look all cool and intimidating, clicks the reciever down and eats the quarter. Eventhough this scene makes no sense it provided me with enough entertainment to give this movie 1 star. But I even give it that under protest.
I normally aspire to write reviews which are witty, thought-provoking, and provide true insight into a film's artistic merits. This made-for-TV movie, however, deserves no such effort. This is probably one of the worst TV moves - no make that movie in general - that I have ever seen. The acting is horrible (I have seen better performances in high school drama class productions), the plot is rambling and pointless, and even the cinematography is more soap-opera than any movie ever should be. Pure trash - avoid at all costs.
This movie is so awful it's fantastic. It has everything -- a lead actor who moves his eyebrows up and down to convey strong emotion, unnecessary (ludicrously unnecessary) nudity, idiotic death scenes (the best one is when Ricky shoots a car with a handgun and it flips over and explodes). Yeah, that makes sense. Oh, and the script is outstanding. Watch for a provoked Ricky saying, "Punish!!!" and "Garbage Day!" If you get a chance to see this one, don't miss it. It's one of my favorite movies ever.
well, since you're reading a review there's bound to be spoilers. but i might as well issue the warning anyways. but its not like i'd be ruining anything. the plot is predictable. an asteroid hits the ship, oxygen supplies are lost, the entire crew cant survive the trip. one guy decides to go on a rampage. how original. the effects are awful, the acting is often clunky, the plot is inconsistent. it is, however, a good time waster. IF you have absolutely nothing else to do. 3/10
No other words describes this movie other than it absolutely stinks. The plot seemed interesting with a perfectly frozen man with incredibly advanced DNA, but for some stupid reason, this vital plot point was dropped and a relationship between this scientist and his retarded brother was brought to the forefront. The dialogue was hackneyed and trite. Another reason to know why this movie stinks is that the San Diego Padres were incorporated as an essential part of the "plot". If I could give this movie a negative score; I would!
Okay this movie was just plain awful. The plot is rediculous, The jokes aren't funny, and as for the acting well, the star of the movie is Joey Lawrance, enough said. I did however enjoy this movie because my friends and I just mocked it so horribally. Thats really all this movie is good for. You don't even have to be particularly clever or witty to do this either, the movie pretty much mocks itself. I can't imagine how incredibally boring it would be to watch this movie by yourself.
What could have been a great film was let down entirely by an appalling script that makes Shortland Street look Oscar worthy. With a damn awful soundtrack (did they run out of money?), melodramatic silent screen era responses to unrealistic dialogue and a cast that looks the part but cant act to save themselves.....i struggled to make it to the end. The saving grace of the film was the stunning NZ scenery and realistic visual atmosphere. Unfortunately it just wasn't enough to save this incredibly disjointed film.
Imagine {Sorry about the pun } a Beatles movie without a reference or mention of George Martin or Pete Best Well this movie totally ignores the Monkees two biggest behind the scene stars Jeff Barry and Neil Diamond The Monkees would of not been the World famous Monkees without them Hello Anyone heard of "I'm A Believer" , "A little Bit Me ,A little bit You' and " LOok out , Here comes tomorrow" Gee without these classics, the Monkees would never taken off!
My town is a small one and we can only have the chance to see the big Hollywood productions.I had to wait for months to see this movie and I found it at Blockbusters yesterday.The cast is a dream cast for me I always liked Peter Mullan after My name is Joe.Milla Jovovich is an actress which I really find passionate.When the film was over I could not believe how bad it was.Meaningless details,bad picture quality and unbelievably bad story. I am so sorry for the cast and the director.
Even hardcore Whodunnit fans will probably be disappointed in this one, a slow, confusing and badly directed tv film, based on an Agatha Christie novel. Cheryl Campbell is sometimes irritating as Lady Brent, while James Warwick is adequately convincing as Jimmy Thesinger. The story is dated and lacks credibility, but this is probably due to the aforementioned poor direction; more interest was shown in recreating the late 30s era (which was achieved, by the way), which resulted in nervous editing and bad acting. Only to pass the time. 3
Dana Andrews George Sanders Thomas Mitchell Vincent Price Ida Lupino Fritz Lang How could this go wrong? 'While the City Sleeps' probably would have made a better movie if it had been shot as a big, gaudy, Technicolor melodrama, a soap opera about the inner workings of a news conglomerate. It could have been a who's sleeping with who, who's stabbing who in the back-type of movie punctuated with a subplot about a serial killer on the loose. It fails, however, as a noirish crime drama. Pretty dull stuff.
Let me start off by saying that I feel like I've lost about 12 IQ points from watching this movie! Freddie Prinze Jr. and Julia Stiles have absolutely no chemistry together. Also if you were looking for another one of those teeny-bopper movies, this it is not. It seems that they were trying to make it seem like a teen movie, but at the same time make them act like they wanted to be adults. This movie dulls the senses and numbs the mind. Please do not watch this movie.
Oh my, how I really tried to like this movie. Very funny and sardonic lines here and there, good actors (well almost, but Tori Spelling actually does a good job here) and an interesting plot. But sadly, everything was in vain for me, because I just couldn't stand the pretentious tone of everything. I snickered a couple of times but more often I looked at the clock, expecting something to happen. Well it did, but not until the last quarter of the movie. I saw it, but was not amused!
Anybody who hasn't guessed the surprise ending of this one by five minutes in deserves what he gets. Which is not much. Some goofy and abortive mooning over the meaning of life, a couple of boring chases on a snowmobile, some special effects that woudn't cut it on Halloween. And Vick's repetitive killing of Adam actually gets funny after a while. Like a Roadrunner cartoon without the Acme products. And can anybody explain why almost the only time Vick wears a hat is when he's indoors?
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. Those are just a few of the words that describe TEENAGE ZOMBIES. One of the worst bad movies I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot. However, as others have pointed out, the fistfight near the end is worth suffering through the rest of the film for. I have rarely laughed so hard. Too bad there are no decent prints of this film (the DVD transfer is awful), because the bots and Joel would have done it proud. Did I mention this was BAD?
After seeing A Walk to Remember, I was confident that Mandy's new film will also be good, but it was rather disappointing. Within the 1.5-or-so-hour film, there were only a few 2-second laughs and nothing more. I also thought that Mandy will be singing in the film, but since she didn't, a prettier, more proportioned actress would have been more fit for the role. Same thing with her leading man. The only thing nice here is the Can We Still Be Friends revival in the soundtrack. 4/10
Oh, come on... who the hell could find this movie of all the awards it actually got? Touching a political topic, it doesn't offer any political illumination (that is to say, no interesting QUESTION), dialogues (apart from the intense beginning) are paper-like, the story has no development (I mean: even in the petrification there have to be developments, if not we should do a painting instead of a movie), and acting is scarcely bearable. (What about H. Elsner? She has an attractive face, that's it.) A "nadir" of German movie-landscape.
There might be a baseball movie out there that can rival how bad this one is, but I doubt it. For such great actors cast in some of the parts, I was sorely disappointed by the performances. The cinematography was poor, going from shots during a game that were obviously on a sound stage to crowd shots from any baseball broadcast. They would purposely do close up shots so you wouldn't see that nobody was actually there. Just not believable at all. I couldn't suspend my disbelief at all. Blech!
This crime tale is weird, suspenseful and filtered with off beat humor. Situational drama does little to help this well acted, but trying story line. The hardest part of watching is seeing Ann-Margret as an enabling granny that tells one lie on top of another. Marg Helgenberger is the movies brightest spot. Nicholas Campbell is on the edge and totally believable. Henry Thomas seems to have phoned his part in from a phone booth, sorry. A quirky little murder mystery that features brutal truth. Give it a shot.
Daughter of famous WW 2 novelist (James Jones, though not called by that name), grows up in Paris and matures in 70s USA. OK cast, good performances (Sobieski is just fine here), even has subtitles for French dialogue during the Parisian sequences, but distinctly a case of so what? This goes on for hours and never gets to any point except that the daughter eventually writes a novel about her own life. I think I'm happy I didn't read it; I wish I could say I'd also missed the film.
Weird Al was funny as usual in the intro, but that was where the laughs ended. This movie tries to recapture the humor of Airplane and The Naked Gun, but fails miserably. It seems clear that the people who put this movie together did not even understand this type of humor. In Airplane, the humor lies in taking logical steps from peculiar interpretations of events. "Surely your joking" "I'm serious, and don't call me Shirley." Now that's funny. This movie, however, merely has gags without context.
This was one of those films for which I used Blockbuster's "If you don't like it, we'll give you a free rental" policy. This film was no more than a very bad attempt to clone the success of films like Naked Gun 1 and 2 (which btw are very good). Unfortunately this film failed miserably. I gave it a 2 out of 10... If you have not seen Naked Gun 1 or 2 than I recommend those instead...if you have, then there is no point of seeing this one.
This movie is misguiding, since this is not your brainless action flick Lorenzo "I have a father and a mother too" Lamas is associated with. The problem is that, instead, we get a boring, slow-moving, predictable "suspense" with a plot straight out of zillions direct-to-video movies, where Lamas' "interpretation" of his "character" sinks it to new depths (who ever asked him to be an actor anyway ?) The only good point for this turkey are the competent diirection and good cinematography - plus the fact that the French video wasn't pan&scanned.
The number one reason i went to see this show was because of the actresses :-) And they.. ahem i mean it didn't disappoint. So Close is in essence Charlie's Angels meets The Matrix in my opinion. The fight scenes are incredible (luv the swordfight) and though lacking in dialogue, there is humour, love, beauty, betrayal and a whole lot of other things to make it a well-rounded movie. I'll end it off here so i won't reveal anymore info, but once again So Close is definitely worth a Saturday afternoon.
The story of how Deaf people survived and how a hearing child coped with Deaf parents has never been portrayed as well as this tv movie did. As a deaf person, I was able to understand the frustration the parents went through and as the hearing child went through as if I was in her shoes. The era where Deafness was not well known and is not considered normal was portrayed well. I recommend everybody watch the show. You will come to understand that Deaf people are just like hearing people.
Just wanted to add to the comment by Bailey-21(Alabama)... who said "the entire climax of this... is nearly an exact copy of that film (Long Kiss). Frame for frame, it's a pitiful ripoff." If you look at this scene 'Frame by frame', you can actually SEE Geena Davis standing by the truck! this is the SAME FOOTAGE! I wonder if both films were made by the same studio, and they ran out of money on this one, or if this is even legal! I felt Ripped Off!
The many Shinya Tsukamoto's films (such as "Snake of June","Tokyo fist","Tetsuo" and others) appears psychological exploration of "love triangle" situation.Unusial in "Gemini" absence urban constituent.Therefore "Gemini" is not hypertrophied as "Tokyo fist",not surreal as "Tetsuo" and not so atmosphere as "Snake of June".Total is not so intensive as others Tsukamoto's works.But it is a good movie because qualified lighted , acted and cinematographied.Pleasant momentary turn (by using equipment in manner sci-fi movie) from "historical film" to "modern" (plague child scene).Synthetical music soundtrack is the part of "urban" instruments of director Tsukamoto.
Almodovar has done it again. He writes for all of us. The political statement about the changes in Spain over the 26 years of the movie, the full circle of birth, and the triumph of innocence over evil, were beautifully displayed in this movie. The European filmakers have always done it better and now with the growth of the independents, maybe the Americans are catching on that in this director's medium called film, the actors are really secondary or even tertiary to the script and the director. Hooray for Almodovar!
This movie is produced after the Macross Robotech series. Its not scenes from the series its a whole new drawn movie. It has some of the story from the serie but a whole lot is different. Its much better drawn than the serie and it has more violent and romans in it. So did you like the series you will LOVE the movie: Macross Do You Remember Love. One of my all time high Anime and saying that though i have 120 anime DVDs means a lot.
Gary Busey's career high as the insane "Masochist" with the irrisistable quote "More Beer!". Okay, this is a little patchy, but it's beautifully shot and has that old fashioned innocence that most modern teen films lack. The surfing rules and the leading trio is well played. Oh and I forgot to mention, the entire narration is by none other than Elm street's Fred Kreuger, a.k.a Robert Englund, which just makes it uber-cool in my minds eye; but I am biased. A great feel-good movie from when movies still felt pretty good.
"Calendar Girls" is a mildly amusing film based upon actual events about a group of mature women in England who, in order to raise money, spice up the annual fund-raising calendar by appearing nude. Except for the script, a lot of effort went into this production. I would have swapped the two leads because Helen Mirren's strong suit is not comedy. There are funny scenes, but instead of being light, a soap opera sub-plot is tossed in mid-way. What should have been a gem, becomes a rock. GRADE = "C-"
This movie is awful, but it's SUPPOSED to be! Without wonderful cheesyness like this life (and movies) would be a far duller experience. Naish and Chaney, obviously short of cash but always the professionals, give this movie the class Adamson knew it would. That's why he hired them. Chaney's character is sort of "Lenny with an axe", right down to the puppy dog he carries around, and Naish couldn't give a bad performance if he were unconscious. This is a wonderful movie for lovers of the "so bad it's good" school.
I think the people who criticize this film do so because they've been trained to watch movies the way Hollywood makes them. This is as far from Hollywood as a gangster film can get. The quiet (or as some might say, boring) moments are there because the characters exist in a realistic world where sometimes they can do nothing but sit and think. Sonatine isn't perfect, but it can certainly be appreciated if the viewer will approach it with an open mind. Also, the sumo scene is very fun and beautiful.
As far as B movies go, this one's up there. The acting isn't great, the plot's a little cheesy... but the movie still has very redeeming qualities: First off, the Dodge Turbo Interceptor is a bad-A car. Also, the movie never really drags on, which is a hard thing to say for most B movies. Lastly, even though their acting may not be real hot, Gutterboy and Skank are fairly believable (and hilarious) characters. If you like Charlie Sheen and want a glimpe into his humble beginnings, check this one out!
Valentine (Susie Amy), the daughter of famed musketeer D'Artagnan (Michael York)wants nothing more than to become a daring french swashbuckler liker her father. Turning her back on the social mores imposed on the women of the day. She proves her fearlessness and is finally asked by the King to save the future Queen who is being held for ransom. This lavish television production also stars Natassja Kinski and the french actor Gerard Depardieu. Or though not one of best Muskateer movies it is quite an enjoyable one.
Remember the days when Joe Namath was a sex symbol? You can relive his glory years by catching this otherwise dreadful faux-spaghetti western. Joe plays an ex-Confederate soldier out to make it rich with buddy Jack Elam. When Joe decides to 'act', he raises his eyebrows and smirks...ever so slightly. More memorable is Jon Lord and Tony Ashton's entirely inappropriate soundtrack. A little Deep Purple pomposity here, an Ashton, Gardner and Dyke power ballad there...apparently producer Larry Sprangler wasn't about to pay for a decent composer like Morricone, Piccioni, or Umiliani.
A masterpiece of work covering two totally disagreeing subcultures filled with belief. It was a long time since I saw a movie showing how it could be for real by being a member of a subculture and actually I think the last time I was really OK with it's coverage must have been "Romper stomper" from 1994. All though the plot is a bit miss-guiding, this movie was great. The main characters are well played by it's actors and with a such unique story, this couldn't go better than this.
Double Teamed is the true story of two twins named Heather(Poppi Monroe) and Heidi Burge(Annie McElwain) who became basketball players. I think Poppi and Annie did an excellent job portraying the twin sisters. This is one of those disney movies that actually make you think that you can achieve your dreams and become anything you want to be, regardless of the people that stand in your way. I think Double Teamed is a great movie and i've seen it every time it was on televison. I would give Double Teamed 8.5/10
This Val Lewton produced film from the mid-1940s isn't fast-paced but it is very effective. Boris Karloff turns in yet another unforgettable performance--this time as the Greek General Pherides who tries to battle a plague and defeat it as he would vanquish any other enemy. But is it really a plague that threatens the lives of all the characters in the film or something more sinister?? Maybe Madame Kyra's vorvolaka? Often surreal in look and atmosphere, this is a wonderful gem of a film filled with creepy and effective little moments.
This is so far the third movie based from the Bosnian/Serb war, that I've seen. It is so far also the best. Dennis Quaid did so well a job, I'd almost think this is the best movie of his career. It does seem a little confusing though towards the end, but overall I give it sadly a 10 out of 10. Saying sadly cause I wish it never happened at all. The way the serb/albanian war is going on as well. This movie gives a whole new perspective on the war.
Along with Say Anything, I would say it is one of the best teen 80's dramas, and I wouldn't even describe as being of that genre. It starts by taking the teen angst storyline from Rebel Without A Cause and adds a twist of dogmatic puritan religious beliefs. And unlike Rebel, Footloose doesn't just focus on the angst and leave it unresolved; it demonstrates an opening of intergenerational diologue and tolerance. I would say that 2-4% of the script is cheesy, but overall very good and not very dated at all.
I bought this movie for one reason and one reason only, Bonnie Hunt. I can not believe she sank so low! Her character is the only good thing about this film, and I hate to say it, her character isn't that great! This movie was the worst thing I had ever seen! Usually Lilly Tomlin is funny, she wasn't. and I was so suprised at Jack Lemmon's character too. Why did you people make this movie? WHY?!?!?! This Movie will forever sit on my shelf never to be watched again!
Walter Matthau and John Stamos are good together. John really holds the movie, quite successfully I should add and excuse me for being surprised. Though some of his and others' lines are older than Matthau. The plot also isn't most original but manages to avoid the obvious pot holes. Small, nice, comfortable tv movie. Based on a play and directed by Matthau's son. Burnett is fine as Matthau's younger love interest. Teri Polo is bearable in a terrible blond. So- John and Matthau beat Teri and some used up lame lines.
Old-time movie buffs - and anyone interested in the Bible - should not miss this film if they have the chance to see it. It tells the stories of the Old Testament, with an all African American cast, with the gloss typical of 1930's Warner Brothers. Highlights include the first scenes in Heaven and just about anything with Rex Ingram. He gives The Almighty great weight & serenity; he also plays Adam. Acting is good throughout and some of the special effects are still fun to watch.
3 deewarein is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I was so much surprised after watching this movie and my mind still can't let go of the wonderful movie. In bollywood we really do need more directors like Nagesh Kukunoor who have the guts to make different movies. The only minus point of this movie is Nagesh Kukunoor's acting. He is not a bad actor but not in this movie. He shouldn't have acted in this movie. Anyways all in all this movie rocks. My rating - 10/10
Cats & Dogs starts off hilarious, and manages to put in some clever ideas throughout (such as the whole underground military base), but it just gets a little old. The animations for the talking animals was impressive (as was many of the animatronics), but the scenes with completely CGI characters (such as a lot of Mr. Tinkles) just looked way too cartoony. The movie felt as if it was stretched out, and could've had about 20 minutes shaved off of it. I was a little disappointed, but otherwise, it was entertaining.
I first saw this movie about five years after a miserable divorce. I had worked fifteen years supplying a monster home, Mercedes for her, Jag V12 for me, all for nothing. With everything now gone I saw this film not once but two days in a row. The actors, the plot and the Bee-Gee's background music was almost hypnotic. It helped me change my vocation from being corporate cattle, to one that I love doing. A copy rests in my video library and is viewed regularly. It's 5 star to me.
The scenery and cinemaphotography may distract you from the fine script and terrific acting. Breathtaking and mind-boggling at the same time. As a lapsed Catholic, I did not find any LDS propaganda in this film disturbing, and did not make me want to shuck off my dirty-soul to find salvation. Ignore anyone who tried to divert you, it's not there. This is a story (once you get past the palm trees, waterfalls, and beautiful islanders) about volunteerism and the American spirit. Revel in it. Grasp it. Live it.
I'm not really the kind of person that goes on about television shows, but the second I saw this show I was hooked! It's amazing how it captures high school so perfectly, even down to the actors, who, unlike Dawson's Creek and clones, look like they really go to high school. I love it, and absolutely recommend it to anyone. For those of us who didn't fit in in high school it's a humorous, realistic look back, and for those of you still suffering, it lets you know you're not alone.
This show , "Freaks & Geeks" , is so good and it's just like real life. This show is realistic in some ways and it always has a funny side to it. I think "Freaks & Geeks" is funny and that's the reason why I watch this. I wish it was never cancelled and I wish there were more episodes. They should keep making more episodes because it is very kool. I think everyone should be watching this great TV programme. This is one of the best programmes I've ever seen.
So you thought that Norma couldn't make a hit without Thalberg, huh? Maybe Marie Antoinette didn't make a trillion dollars at the box office, but today film lovers treasure it to make up for this. Ty Power is gorgeous, as is Norma, in the gorgeous costumes and wigs, and the sets are magnificent. This movie is so sad and tragic and beautiful that it makes you cry by the time Marie is jailed with her family and has her son testify against her in court. This is Norma's "last best" movie.
Many superlatives have already been said, and deservedly so, about this excellent film. A suspenseful mystery, well-acted by all major characters. Welles especially, as the mysterious Harry Lime, personifies evil even more effectively (if that's possible) than characters such as Anthony Hopkins (Silence of the Lambs) or Andy Robinson (Dirty Harry). Who can forget Lime's words spoken from the top of Vienna's ferris wheel about being paid for stopping those "dots below" (people) from moving or his Italy & Renaissance v Switzerland & cuckoo clock comparison. Simply, a "must see" film.
I didn't think I would stumble across this movie unless I bought it online but then I got a job working at a video store and there it was. It was an absolute joy to watch. I have seen 'coming of age' movies before but none can come close to this one. The cinematography and music was excellent. It was funny and tearful at the same time. I recommend it to everyone. It is an obvious work of M. Night full of his trademarks and his certain touch! Go watch it!
I saw this movie on late night local tv when i was about 12. And ever since have asked people about it but nobody ever heard of it. Literally no one...I began to think maybe i dreamt it. It was sad and funny and left you with a good feeling about love and friendship. I would highly recommend this to everyone. Don't remember anything that a child shouldn't see in it...the beating was ugly but we see that all the time. So the whole family could watch it.
This is a wonderful movie. The dialogue is among the best, many quotable lines that I will not spoil. This film reveals a plethora of talent. Though it's about an opera star who meets an old love (now a produce man), singing is confined to a few dramatic moments, including the climax. Here's one great line. An ex-husband says to his wife who's about to remarry, "I give you a wedding gift of four words: 'he had his chance.'" If it comes around again (on Sundance Channel), please see it.
I find it hard to believe that I could dislike any film starring Russell Crowe, but this one is a complete waste of his talent -- and my time. I'd like to say that his acting job was a "rose among the thorns" but I don't think that even he was convincing. He was a foul-tongued protagonist [with an ugly hair-style that even his character couldn't have thought was becoming] who over-reacted to everything in this tortured and unbelievable plot. In retrospect, I wonder why I even gave it a "3".
First of all people who rate this movie by comparing it to the Godfather, are just plain idiots. A comedy is valued on the laughs it produces and this movie delivers funny scene after funny scene. Most comedy based movies ruin the one really funny scene by showing it over and over again in its trailor. This movie has too many gut blasting laughs to spoil any one part. This is easily my favorite comedy on pure pound for pound most laughs. Favorite Scene= Lloyd sells petey to the blind kid
After a so-so effort in Magnum Force, Dirty Harry goes comedic. Coupled with some great comic lines and action, this proved to be a turn in the right direction, considering this film showed a different side of Harry which we had not seen yet. While I was disappointed Lalo Schifrin did not conduct this film's score, Tyne Daly brought in a new dynamic which had not been seen in the other films. While this could be considered nothing more than a transitional picture, it did so with some class and dignity.
"The Eighteenth Angel" is a passable horror film-I really wanted to like it.Of course it's horror,and being a fan,I want to like most horror films.Anyway "The Eighteenth Angel" is a well-made,albeit a bit predictable,horror movie that will keep you entertained from the beginning to the end.The acting is pretty good(Rachael Leigh Cook is definitely very talented and beautiful actress),and there are some gruesome scenes.Director William Bindley does know how to compose effective scenes,but "The Eighteenth Angel" becomes boring at times.Still I'd recommend this one to serious horror fans.7 out of 10.
The Circus is probably Chaplin's most underrated film. It is (easily) one of the funniest movies ever, and the inventiveness of such shots as the Mirror Maze scene and the closing sequence are nothing less than brilliant. What separates Chaplin from other comedian filmmakers is his ability to evoke a sense of pity and/or sympathy for his character. How can you watch the closing scenes of this film and, even after all of the laughter, NOT sense a bit of melancholia welling up in your heart? Truly one of the greats.
Entertaining and intelligent story behind this Latino legend. Great film-making also! I definitely recommend this film. It stayed clear of silly stereotypes. The story was interesting. The directing and acting was great. Looks like a big budget film, even though it wasn't a Hollywood film. It jumps into interesting cultural issues. And the director and writers isn't afraid to bringing up societal taboos. A must see. I grew up with the legend. It scared me then. This movie also scares me.
I am an avid fan of both Anthony Hopkins and Matthew Broderick. Why they chose to do this film is beyond me. While both turn out stellar performances they are wasted in a disjoint story which bounces between multiple subplots -- and it isn't clear which plot is the 'main' plot -- and dubious flashbacks. While sex is an integral component to some of the subplots, its depiction is gratuitous. The story wanders aimlessly and in the end comes crashing down in flames leaving this viewer burned out and wasted.
An overlong, highly episodic excuse for some burlesque and indulgent violence masquerading part-time as a film of historical interest and validity. With Leonardo scowling, Diaz giggling and Day Lewis doing his best De Niro, this film takes itself far too seriously for the leaden-handed and juvenile treatment of a story which seems suspect the moment you think about it. Its a shame to see a director with such a great track-record try so hard to convince us that he's still 'got it'. Couldn't he have left this drekk to Jerry Bruckheimer?
The Endless Waltz, a fine piece of anime at it's best. Heero's human side has shown him to be a very virtous and honorable fighter. His own personal struggle has greatly been an intricate part of this movie. We get to see a forming romantic bond between Relena and Heero as well. Mariemaya Krushrenada was a victim of greed in this movie, and a pawn in a bigger scheme planned by her sick, sedistic, madman she calls Grandfather (Dekim Barton). Spectacular Animation! Awesome storyline! A must see for any anime fan!!!!!
This is a powerful piece from John Ford, and a masterpiece of cinematography from Gregg Toland. Though it drags at times, the characters on the ship make the wait worthwhile. While Wayne IS a central figure in the story, it is his shipmates that carry the film. Wayne is merely the focal point of their dilemma. While there are a few misfires (such as the patriotic image of the British flag after an Englishman's heroic death), it is all-in-all a fabulous picture, a rugged tale of friendship, durability, disappointment and resignation.
I find it fascinating to see how Fellini managed it to create such an unusual movie - a film that has nothing to do with all the other pictures of ancient Romans, made in the 60s. Although Satyricon looks so surreal, it shows us a much better way to understand how these people 2000 years ago actually lived & loved, as it's far away from the antiseptic hollywood-style, where the slightest hint to the real likings of many Romans was kept as a secret (like the cut out scenes in "Spartacus").
This movie is horrible. The script is juvenile, I've heard better sound on soap operas, and the direction is just plain bad. The acting, for the most part, is stiff and unbelievable. The only semi-okay thing about this whole movie is Dominique Swain, whose acting ability is wasted. One of the strongest things I can say about this movie is that I want that 90 min of my life my life back. I don't know what these people were trying accomplish with this movie and I suspect that they don't either.
The more I view this film - the more I chuckle. It is well written, clever, delightful and downright fun. Strangely enough, it wasn't until a 5th or 6th viewing that it finally dawned on me. I had seen this story before - Jane Austen's Emma. Only this time Flora(Kate Beckinsale seems made for these Emma roles) gets it right with her meddling and matchmaking. 20th Century Austen. And the entire cast is stellar!! Need some cheering up. Then visit Cold Comfort Farm. There is nothing chilling about this rural route.
The more I view this film - the more I chuckle. It is well written, clever, delightful and downright fun. Strangely enough, it wasn't until a 5th or 6th viewing that it finally dawned on me. I had seen this story before - Jane Austen's Emma. Only this time Flora(Kate Beckinsale seems made for these Emma roles) gets it right with her meddling and matchmaking. 20th Century Austen. And the entire cast is stellar!! Need some cheering up. Then visit Cold Comfort Farm. There is nothing chilling about this rural route.
I thought that this movie was excellent, I watched it after a recommendation from a friend. After a slow first ten minutes when we get introduced to the main characters Toby Wong (an excellent Mark Dacascos)and Malik Brody (equally as good Kadeem Hardison) the action gets under way and doesn't stop until the closing credits. The jokes come quick and fast throughout and the film only gets better with the introduction of the fantastic but pretty unstable motel worker Deliverance Bodine (Brittany Murphy). Overall I give it 8/10
There are certain scenes in this film (like the hero's first meeting with super-villainess Shirley Eaton) where it seems to be on the edge of breaking sexual taboos and doing its premise (females want to rule the world by making men slaves) justice, but it never dares to. The result is a film with no sexuality and some tame violence. Despite the choppy plot, the film is not overly bad until its climax, where its amateurishness runs rampant (terrible editing, overuse of stock footage). Worth seeing only as a curio. (*1/2)
This film is the first sound picture filmed entirely on location, with good plot, and great action by the dogs that actually DO their stuff the way they were bred to do. I saw this film over five years ago, and can't seem to find it anywhere, either playing or on tape. I Highly recommend it to all families with any breed of dog in their homes. It's "breed specific" but that is just what it's about. Hope you can find a copy and enjoy it as much as I did.
A leak of radioactive gas is Resurecting a girl that´s been dead for some time. Getting up she starts to kill of everyone in her way, as she finds her way back to her lesbian lover in a remote castle. A dark erotic and tragic tale of love and lust by the legendary Jean Rollin is very sad and does really get to you in the ending scenes. I Can´t compare it to any other movie I´ve ever seen because it´s so damn good and unusual. Highly recommended!
A trilogy of gay/lesbian stories tracing societal attitudes towards homosexuals and the homosexual lifestyle from the 1950's to the present, this is the first "legacy" film for gays. Superbly written, acted and produced, the three tales revolve around the themes of prejudice and acceptance, with the middle story of a young student's "coming out" as an impetus for his role model teacher's lifestyle disclosure, being the standout episode and should be seen by anyone wrestling with their sexual identity. Bravo Paramount and Showtime for this outstanding and compassionate film.
"Cowboy Bebop" is one of the best dramas ever made. It's tight -- well-written and smart, with interesting characters and a solid story that unfolds over its 26 episodes. Outstanding direction, acting and music make "Bebop" a classic, exemplifying everything that a good drama should be. The fact that it's animated has probably kept "Bebop" from getting the audience it deserves. If you're one who has avoided it for this reason, think again. Give Session #5, "Ballad of Fallen Angels," a look. You will find yourself pleasantly surprised.
this is an erotic but unpretentious x movie. exotic locations, great music, beautiful costumes and the debut of then 22 years old sylvia krystel pursuing sex joy before the dawn of aids fear. need to say more? a real classic that has stand the test of time. no wonder it has been shown in french cinema for 10 years and still shown in film festivals. it is also exported to 86 countries, sold more copies than "titanic". just watch and admire. they don't make such decent x movie anymore.
This is one of the worst films in the history of movie making. All of the characters are morons. Why doesn't the woman do something to her master sooner. And what is wrong with the master? The woman is holding a machete for crying out loud, and he's still trying to rape her. What did he think was going to happen? This movie just sucked. This movie sucked. This movie sucked. this movie sucked. this movie sucked. this movie sucked. THIS MOVIE SUCKED.
This movie got it all... as long as you understand swedish! Translations might be good but you always loose the words that is unspoken. The Movie got a mainpart which is the crime scene, a sub-part that is the competition at work (who should have the power...), and a sub-part wich contains the daily problems in the family of the main caracter. As a crime movie it has a great story wich really shows how the work of the police and the newspapers really are run! No stupid fictionary roles...
I'm still thinking about the movie two days later. What an excellent story with actors playing difficult roles. Also, great music by Ivri Leder. His album HaAnahim HaAcharim (The Other People) has the version of Bo (Come). I fell off my seat when I heard it. After living in Israel for three years in the Eighties, the film had me yearning to go back; it captures aspects of the Israel experience so well. If you speak Hebrew and have been to Israel you will appreciate the nuance of the film.
Fairly good movie, but not a true story. Rubin "Hurricane" Carter was a notorius liar, a murder and was never found not guilty. New Jersey State just didn't go for it a third time as 20 years had gone. Carter got an offer in 1976: "Pass a lie test and go free". He didn't take it. This film should never have been made, but money talks. A lot of people have unjustly spend their lives in prison and undoubtedly more blacks than white. Why choose a fake story? Jens
You will surely laugh at the awful singing when you watch this movie! And it was so stupid having Esther Rolle to play a witch doctor. I was so annoyed with Denzel Washington, Sheryl Lee Ralph, and Robert Townsend's phony Jamaican accents! They were not speaking Jamaican. They were speaking Jamaicinglish! I thought this movie was stupid when I first saw it when I was 14. And I still think this movie is stupid! Denzel Washington cannot sing! This movie joined my list of movies that received a one star rating!
Its obvious political biases aside, this movie was terribly made and impossible to follow. Scenes were pieced together as if someone had cut up the reel, scattered the tape on the ground, and given the director only five minutes to tape it back together in no particular order. When characters were in doubt for dialogue, which was often, unnecessary profanity was used liberally. The movie didn't make sense, it preached incessantly, and it had the same entertainment value as cutting off your own finger. Alsino can keep his condor, thank you.
"Nadja" is a woefully pretentious music-video style gloss on the early Universal vampire films (it's even photographed in black-and-white) crossed with modern-day nihilism and a more-hip-than-thou attitude that's painful to watch. An experienced cast of indie-film veterans (including Martin Donovan and Peter Fonda) and David Lynch in the executive-producer's chair does little to help what is, at heart, a stylish yet poorly calculated gloss on an ages-old premise. The use of black-and-white film stock, combined with the utterly random inclusion of pixellated images, does nothing but accentuate "Nadja"'s shallow, showy pretentiousness.
Every cliche you can think of is in this movie. A good game to play is 'say the line before the actor does'. Here's your starter for 10 points ... "I'm not paid to think" (hint - a soldier's line). Would probably appeal to 11 year old boys with nothing better to do on a wet Sunday afternoon. The only good thing I can say about this movie is it would be great to show when you have a few friends round so you can pick it to bits for fun.
After one large movie and this made-for-TV version, why can't someone stop messing around with the true story of the "Great Escape" and present it as it actually happened. The ending also fails to make clear that there were 2 UK-mounted war crimes trials of the murderers of the 50 escapees. Also Burchardt in real life was sentenced to death by hanging at the 2nd trial, but was reprieved. There are loads of other changes from the real events, but then Hollywood and the film industry has rarely cared about accuracy.
SPOILER below: The bikes are the stars here. Forget the plot - something about a biker who falls in with a rich "swinging chick," or some such bad cliche. The gang kidnaps her and he wins her back in a chopper race around the local school track. (at least, I remember that's what happens.) That Speedvision hasn't run this late some Saturday night will give you an idea what a snorer this is. If ever they do, keep the remote handy so you can surf back to the highway shots.
Saw this was on by accident on cable and decided to watch it (having already seen the anime film of the same name, which I enjoyed). Mistake... BIG mistake. The violent content probably would preclude younger viewers from seeing it and yet they would possibly be the only ones able to appreciate the simplicity of the plot. The people in the film (I refrain from calling them actors) should watch out for termites their acting is so wooden. I didn't actually become ill so I gave it 2/10.
The only thing worse than a boring movie, is an overly long boring movie. I was hoping for a nice, intelligent look at war, but instead got a 2 1/2 hour navel-gazing session. If you like introspection and more internal-thought-voice-overs than dialogue, and fighting scenes shorter than the actual credits, then this is the movie for you... I enjoyed Woody Harrelson's mishap with a grenade and Nick Nolte's gruff and manic officer, but apart from that I found myself rooting for the Japanese to wipe out the lot of them.
I'm not going to argue with anyone else. This has "fortnight old turkey, should have been chucked in the bin after Christmas", writ large upon it. Ice and Costas have worked a lot together. They're obviously mates, the fight scenes are laughable. The only reasoning I can see behind why they would want to be involved in this, is that the gas bill must have been pressing again. They are both capable of much, much better. C'mon boys, don't do this kind of thing again. Please. Pretty please!
I can't tell you how many times I have seen the C.N Tower in this movie. Even thought this movie was shot in Toronto, it was taking place in Chicago. I think editing was horrible. Viewers see "Toronto Sun" newspaper boxes, and there was a scene with a Canadian flag draped over a park, and my gosh, the downtown Toronto skyline is very noticable in some scenes. To top things off the acting was horrific. Jennifer Lopez should stay away from scripts as she possibally can. She deserves a razzy award.
Like many other sci-fi movies from that glorious decade -- the 1950s -- this one begins with some promise. A team of astronauts flying past Mars is suddenly caught in a time-warp which sends them hurtling into ... Well, the set-up is much better than the pay-off which involves the usual futuristic women in short skirts and padded shoulders walking around in front of cheap sets mouthing banal dialog. Rod Taylor bares his chest for a I've-just-come-out-of-the-shower scene which easily qualifies as the best bit of "beefcake" in this entire genre.
A cheap movie - and not only because it is low budget. The action pretends to be about a cheating scheme in the high tech capitalist venture world. It actually is just confusing and predictable at the same time. Directing and camera work are close to ridicule, and acting does not get higher than low quality TV dramas. Steve Baldwin is shaming the Baldwin name by participating in this movie. Even the erotic scenes seem to be just there to fill in the time. 4/10 on my personal scale. Avoid it!
There is a decent idea buried at the core of "The Whispering", but the script's logic is messy (why can some people see the demon-woman and others can't? What does the hypnosis scene have to do with anything else? And - SPOILER - as someone else already mentioned, how can you defeat a demon simply by breaking a mirror???). Leif Garrett gives a narcoleptic performance that matches the director's funereal pace perfectly. In short, this is yet another horror film that you'll have completely forgotten two hours after seeing it. (*1/2)
Um, this movie wasn't so good. It started out mediocre, before dropping into bad pretty quick. I think Kathleen Robertson was beautiful and played the role right. She was the highlight. She could've easily been over-dramatic and cheesy, but she wasn't. Kudos. She must've learned something from 90210. The story should've been more about the relationship and the struggle to make it work and more sociology, but throwing the pregnancy and that movie director guy into it were just huge, uncreative cop-outs in telling the story. The writer should be ashamed.
Extremely unpleasant slasher film seems like a relic of another era - of the early 80's, to be exact, when all the "Friday The 13th" ripoffs were made. The only difference is that most of the characters here are normal, not stupid kids, which makes their graphic murders MUCH more repulsive. The director builds some good suspense towards the end, but the film is almost destroyed by the killer's utterly LAME puns ("I'd get a second opinion if I were you") that make you wonder if the screenwriter was a seven-year-old.
This movie stunk. For those of you Nicholas Lea fans out there who are trying to get ahold of this movie because it's listed on his credits and you can't find any information about it anywhere...look no further. Nick has about 15 seconds TOTAL screen time and about one barely audible line. This movie is not worth sitting through...even for Nick. The characters seem contrived, the story is rushed, and it becomes increasingly hard to sit through it as time passes. Honestly...pass it over on the shelf, and get something better.
Entertaining. Didn't have a lot of substance, but it has a lot of good animation and fighting action. The plot is halfway decent, but don't even try to fit it into the DBZ timeline...apparently this is after Frieza, but Goku can't go Super Saiya-jin. I think. In any case, the fights are excellent, the dubbing is pretty nice, and this film really shows how exciting DBZ could be if they cut the trademark DBZ Long Stalling/Charge-up Sequences out of the cartoon, and maybe half the episodes...anyway, in general, it's pretty nice.
One is a good first effort by a novice director. Good acting, excellent special effects and cameos by Cleveland news celebrities make this a relatively painless way to spend a couple hours. The weak points were the script and editing which made the story confusing in some parts and overly simplistic in others. Tomeric shows that he has the technical skill to make a reasonable science fiction movie- it will be interesting to see what he can do with a decent script in a more challenging genre like comedy or drama.
This film seems to be an inept attempt to recapture the magic of Casablanca (it even features the ending scene of the plane taking off) and fails despite having Sydney Greenstreet and Peter Lorre. The story deals with a Nazi plot to stir up trouble in neutral Turkey and it doesn't work. George Raft is miscast and just doesn't pull it off. It is ironic that he turned down the lead role in Casablanca and movie fans should be grateful.Recommended only for movie buffs and Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet fans.
Come on!! For god's sake! IF you cant think of an original idea, atleast make a decent remake! Only good(being overly generous) thing in this movie is Ajay Devgan. Rest of the cast is idiotic. So is the action. It seems like Ajay Devgan gets a rocket up his butt whenever a bomb explodes nearby! my rating 3/10. Why three 4 for Devgan's acting + 2 for Neha Dhupia's body + 1 riya sen's exposure + 2 overall things - 6 for Sanjay Kapoor and Arbaaz khan
Although I didn't expect a masterpiece, I at least hoped for a bit of wit, considering the writer and the cast. However, I was sorely disappointed. It started horribly when you realised the central character was going to be using a fake Australian accent throughout the film. After that, irritation turned to despair as a feeble plot, uninteresting characters, an excruciating script and very sad jokes were unleashed on the unfortunate audience. If you ever get a chance to see this film, run away as fast as you can.
"Stiletto Dance" is all about Roberts as a deep cover cop who's inclined to go so "deep" even his own partner doesn't trust him. His mission is to stop Russian mob heavies from getting some red mercury which they need to make a nuclear bomb to nuke Americans. The film features the usual sensationalism (babes, shootouts, blood & guts, brawls, etc.) but fails to distinguish itself even in the B-movie category. Ultimately it plays out like a bad Seagal or Van Damme flick. Only for the most macho-minded couch potatoes. (D+)
My reason for seeing this dung was simple: I liked the title, as well as actors Tom Sizemore, Steven Seagal, and Dennis Hopper. Nothing could prepare me for how awful this film truly is. This is the definition of a cheap straight to video movie. TERRIBLE action; AWFUL acting; EVERYTHING just sucks about this film. Take my word for it, don't waste your time or money watching this film. The actors obviously only did this film for a paycheck. Shame on them -- they lost a little of my respect.
Chuck Norris is a terrible actor. He may be good at that karate stuff that he does, but that's all he has going for him. Well, I guess the ladies like his body (I know of a couple who do). The story stinks, the acting stinks, the special effects are decent, but pretty much everything else about this film stinks. It smacks of patriotism and tries to strike that chord in the viewer. It fails at that by being just plain blatant. Overall, a real lousy film. Don't waste your time.
Frankly, this movie is silly. Like others have mentioned, I too was confused at how "John the Baptist" morphed into Judas. It is dated, however that part can be fun. Also, seeing the Twin Towers...well, that is another subject (possibly the most powerful part of the film for today). Outside of that...it is a guilty pleasure. Kinda like the Godzilla (hmmm...God..zilla/God...spell) movies that your afraid to admit you watch despite their silliness. If you watch this movie, do it for the camp and the music, not the "message".
Sometimes something sounds good, but the bare truth of it all leaks out when you have a crappy director leading the helm. Once again, Sam Raimi proved he is about as incompetent as most PR-video directors, displaying a real lack of vision and insight. Sure, the concept was good, the idea seemed to be there, but it was simply executed with such campiness that the coolness of the film could never overcome the crap. Sometimes having a known director doesn't always work, and in regards to Sam Raimi, it rarely does.
Sorry to say, but I just got through watching 160 minutes of pure garbage. What an awful movie. There was absolutely no plot at all. The movie was just one bad musical performance after another. There was no story, the characters were not developed at all, the acting was bad, and each scene had nothing to do with the next. Want me to go on? I can't believe that this movie is actually considered a classic. I gave it a 1 rating and I was being generous. Avoid at all costs
Though movie is set to the period of late 19th century but there are many goofs. 1) Handpump shown in the movie is of India Mark II (http://www.skipumps.com/deepwell.htm) which came into existence around 1980. 2) Tiled swimming pool and hose pipe were also not available during that time. 3) Costume of Nawab is of pathani touch no where near to Lucknowi. 4) During mutiny time almost everyone was fleeing from Lucknow to Faizabad or any other city, but movie shows only Aishwarya and her friends going in cart.
Fairly good movie, but not a true story. Rubin "Hurricane" Carter was a notorius liar, a murder and was never found not guilty. New Jersey State just didn't go for it a third time as 20 years had gone. Carter got an offer in 1976: "Pass a lie test and go free". He didn't take it. This film should never have been made, but money talks. A lot of people have unjustly spend their lives in prison and undoubtedly more blacks than white. Why choose a fake story? Jens
Do not watch this movie. I got this on DVD free in a special PS2 promotion and I am saddened that I have lost 2 hours of my life due to this film. A friend of mine didn't believe it could be as bad as I said it was and borrowed it off me. He still hasn't forgiven me. Not even worth considering if you find it in the bargain bin. In fact, if you see it on a shop shelf then RUN AWAY! As fast as you can.
This one could have been better. The scenario works, the good cop not being totally good and the bad guy not entirely bad. Beau Bridges does a reliable job and Kiefer Sutherland even works to do a role out of the ordinary kiefer. However, the director ruins everything. The result is boring beyond limits. All the suspense comes from the screenplay and the final is totally flat. As a matter of fact, I have never seen a movie where screenplay and direction differ in quality as clearly as in this one.
> Escapes is the textbook example of bad film-making. Whenever you've seen a > movie that you feel was horrible, see this one and realize what true garbage > is. One can only guess that Vincent Price was blackmailed into being > involved in this mess. Two bright spots about this film were that it has no > sequel, and that it has a "Mystery Science Theater" quality about it. To me > the most frightening thing about this movie was that I paid .99 to rent this > dog. >
The Crew. What a waste of talent. Has every movie maker in Hollywood forgot how to write a screen play? The plot makes no sense from start to finish. The audience I was with laughed at the inconsistent plot that had so many holes it seemed like they randomly spliced parts from five different movies together. How dare they take $7 dollars from me for this trash. I now vow never, never, never to spend my $7 on a movie without a rating of 7 or above from this site.
When i rented the DVD, the story and pictures on the cover seemed fun, but when i got to the middle of the movie i almost fell asleep. The movie confuses it's watcher so much that it brings him to a point that he cannot understand who are the good guys and who are the bad. The hero doesn't knows who to trust, too much talking and hardly no action.. The movie has a few humoristic moments, some action here and there but no more.. You can surely skip it...
This movie was a well filmed work of art based on a Japanese novel. It was a hit in the Korean Box Office. There were some funny moments, but not that many. I have to say, this movie reminded me of Madeleine. However, this Romance movie was quite unusual. It wasn't boring, and yet, there was no solid resolution. The story line was very interesting and original. The acting was okay, and the OST was great. If you are a fan of Korean Drama, you'll probably enjoy this little flick. Odd Film
This departure from the basic Columbo script works out well, for once. For reasons not revealed here, Columbo's singular murder suspect has to be dropped from consideration. From then on, the show becomes more like a classical whodunit. After some twists and turns, the conclusion has Columbo in a room full of potential culprits, smoking out the guilty one. Columbo is as clever, adept, and at home with this tactic as in his usual one-on-one battles. And there's no skimping on the touches that make "Columbo" a unique and special detective show.
Nathan Lane all but steals the show, but this movie is also powered by the likes of Victor Garber and Saul Rubinek, among others, a rich and varied ensemble that aid the cause enormously. Neil Simon has given them a script chock full o laughs, with the occasional sappy moment. I found the direction lacking and average, and the music poor, and the location was obviously NOT New York. I'm beginning to recognize Canadian cities! But overall a very nice effort that hold up with the best of the cable movie genre.
A story about a girl in a psychatrie hospital who just wants to be free. She lives in her own dreamworld with dolphins. There is a young boy who falls in love with her. He wants to help her to come free... There is no dialogue, but that doesn´t matter.You don´t need dialogue to feel the love between the people. This is the way cinema has to be: pure magic! If you don´t cry when you watch this movie, you must have a heart of stone. Open your mind and feel...
this film looks and feels like a revenge kung fu movie should. where there is a lack of long, shallow action scenes, there is instead deep emotional meaning behind every shot. it is wonderfully directed and edited, and the acting is perfect. it's no wonder that Lady Snowblood was one of the main influences on Tarantino and his awesome Kill Bill. for anyone who wants to explore the japanese kung fu saga, this movie is a great start. one of the best foreign movies i've ever seen.
This is a good film to watch on a long winter evening. Two primate behavior scientists arrive at a mountain top research station to find their predecessor frozen to death under strange circumstances. As they settle in, one of them dwells on the mystery of the frozen colleague, while the other goes right to work on the monkeys. Then they begin to slowly unravel somewhat like Jack Torrence in 'The Shining'. The whole film is held together nicely by Wallach and Culp, and the sense of austere isolation is pulled off beautifully.
HtH is basically a comedy, accompanied by the overacting talents of the Stillers, Anne Meara, and Gilbert Gottfried. There's some nice plays on Christianity, the Devil as a mildly sympathetic (or at least likeable) figure, and Lowe and Swanson make a likeable enough couple. There's nothing really "horrific" here. Rather, Helegeland indulges in a lot of satirical writing. Look for how highways are paved in Hell, and Cerberus guarding the gates, for some more amusing scenes. Basically an underrated and underviewed movie that deserves more attention. Check it out if you can.
The main character, Ester, arrives in Hollywood and can not get a job as an actress. Of course it does not help that she has no acting experience. This aspect of the film made it hard to watch at the beginning, but once she makes it the story gets better. I liked the loving relationship she has with her husband and the I also enjoyed the location shots. It is interesting to see what Hollywood/Los Angeles looked like in the 1930's. If you like classic films it is worth renting.
The number one cult movie in Norway still attracts full houses with its naive and wonderful tale of the bicycle-repairman Reodor Felgen and his two trusted companions; the porqupine Ludvig and the bird Solan Gundersen. Authentic characterisation of norwegians and their uniqueness in the Scandinavian picture. For full appreciation add either kids, norwegians or alcohol for maximum viewing pleasure. This is the norwegian answer to The Rocky Horror Show, with no similarities what so ever beyond the cult status and the average norwegians need to apply commentary and reciting of the script...
Very enjoyable film, McConaughey is your average OTT American military man (always chewing a cigar etc), Bale's cockney accent is cringeworthy at best but they are two minor faults to an otherwise great film. The locations are great, the dragons are superb, the acting is ok but its a great film and one that I will be definitely be watching again and would recommend anyone else to do the same. Special note goes to the special effects man, some of the best fire effects I have seen in any film.
I can't understand how anyone could say the first 100 minutes of this film are of no merit whatever. Surely the ending that every viewer finds so profoundly unsettling only works because the rest of this beautifully crafted film leads us to expect a quite different ending. 'Spoorloos' is not only the most genuinely chilling movie I've ever seen, it is a good contender for Best Film Of the 80s. Its feeble Hollywood remake ('The Vanishing') should serve as a warning to all European film-makers of the crassness of LA studio executives.
I highly recommend everyone see it at least once. Probably the best performance of James Brolin & Jill Clayburgh EVER. They have a great on screen chemistry. I have loved this movie since the first day I saw it, at the drive-in theater. I looked for it on VHS, long ago, and was unable to find it, so I taped the censored version from TV. Now that it is on VHS...I can't find it on DVD. This is one of the few DVD's that I would be willing to pay "FULL PRICE".
This movie is fun for the entire family. It features one of the greatest "drug-trip-sequences" ever captured on film, it has the last performance of the classic movie star, Lon Chaney. You've gotta love any flick that somehow packs bikers, classic monsters, hippies and a blond with a body and cleavage that won't stop all in one movie. I don't know how to exlain it better than this... the acting is bad, the directing is sub standard the effects are complete crap but it's still an excellent flick. duh, go buy it:)
A very well done, humorous teenage love story that every "not so popular" guy who was passed over in high school can appreciate. Funny, awkward, and lighthearted, this movie has something for everyone. This was the first movie I saw Jennifer Connelly in and just like the main character, immediately fell in love with her. What an outstanding actress, although this is perhaps not her best performance. All together this is a great "Order in on Saturday night and have a few laughs with the wife/girlfriend" kind of feel good romantic romp.
This is just possibly the most "perfect" movie ever made. There is no meaningless dialog; not a single extraneous character; and every plot twist is rational and reasonable. Not to mention a superb soundtrack. Because of the intense violence, particularly against women, it is a disturbing and difficult film to sit through. But if you care about the cinema, you must watch without interruption! Characters get what they deserve...in the beginning and at the climax. Let Kubrick take you on the emotional rollercoaster of your cinematic life. And don't forget to breathe.
This movie is a lot of fun. Lots and lots of laughs. Edgy but funny and Mike Binder is great. If you liked his TV show you'll like this which I'm sure was the inspiration. Mariel Hemingway is awesome too. A lot of people will think it's light but I didn't. A lot the sex stuff was left to the imagination. There are several cameos that are clever too. Kevin Pollack is funny as a doctor. This is a good movie to rent if you're just looking to have some laughs.
I had a tough day busting baddies so I was in a desperate need to chill. I came across this film. The title caught my eye. I will investigate anything "Naked." I was pleasantly surprised. I liked the setting -San Francisco. The subject is timely. All these reality shows. Well this one's a doozy, talk about twisted entertainment. Does this picture deliver? For an Indie/low budget production... In spades: bombs, blood, guts and breasts!! The writer/director has an original vision, that's for sure. Definitely worth checking out.
This movie is dire. The characters are all ghastly, with the exception of the cutesy kids who are cheesier than my unwashed gym kit. There are some interesting issues asking to be covered by this film, which the writer and director swerved to avoid with alarming regularity. "Here comes an interesting issue - OK let's have someone smash a bottle over someone else's head or have someone pull a gun." I wasted 90 minutes seeing it and I'm wasting more time now spleening about it. Save yourself the bother - miss it.
She's so lovely as a very talented actress! Travolta with his boring mannerisms don't deserves her love despite two common babies. We're told a story with a love so strong like earthquake, love that did not die even after ten years of separation. High-class acting by Robin Wright Penn, Sean Penn and Harry Dean Stanton. Older daughter is very good too. To Travolta fans: it is NOT HIS film, it IS film about true love between Robin and Sean (like in real life, I hope). A must-see picture (10 out of 10).
Another harmless outing for Ernest. The title says it all, this time he's in the army...though much of the time, the attempted gags don't often have that much to do with the army. Much of the time it seems the film should've been called "Ernest in the Desert." There are a few minor chuckles, and plenty of failed bits. Yet, it's tough to really call this a bad movie. It just doesn't leave you with that same icky feeling you get from watching a really bad movie. The kiddies will like it.
One of the scariest movies I have ever seen. Absolutely bone-chilling! Makes 'Paranormal Activity' look like the cheap piece of garbage it was. The acting and editing sells the story as a real documented paranormal experience with all the twists and turns needed to keep it's audience on their toes, gripping their seat. Somewhere between an episode of 'Unsolved Mysteries' & 'The Blair Witch Project.' An original new look at the way ghost stories can be told. Just try and watch it alone! Lake Mungo is almost too creepy!!
You know the background by now so i won't bother going into the plot. Before i went to see this i pretty much expected the movie to be kind of funny, but not as funny as it could be. I was pretty much right. I liked the movie, there are some really great jokes and 8 mile references but i think that it could have really been even better. All the actors did a pretty good job in their parts. Overall, i would recommend the movie for any comedy lovers to see.
Here in Mexico, Cantinflas is praised as one of the best mexican comediants of all time. And with good reason! This is one of his first films and, in my humble opinion, his best. Maybe it turned out to be so good because in the time this movie was released he wasn't a big star yet. I recommend this movie to everyone who speaks spanish. People from other countries may not get it because this is SO mexican, that even non-mexican spanish-speakers may have a hard time getting all the jokes.
Wonderfully atmospheric film with a unique sense of place and well-drawn characters. Karloff's performance here is excellent, yet very different from his work in other films. You may be disappointed if you go in expecting something like his horror classics for Universal. This one is suggestive rather than shocking, and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes the subtle horrors of Cat People, The Innocents, or even Rosemary's Baby. Because of its literate script and interesting character development, Isle of the Dead may also appeal to others who don't usually like horror.
As a 40 year-old man, childrens fantasy films usually aren't my first (or even second) choice of movies. I ran across this film on Disney years ago, and videotaped it. It is a good escape to childhood fantasies (especially from someone who had a rough childhood and who often wished something like this would have happened for real!) I loved the music also. If you have kids and see this one, grab it. If you had a childhood you longed to escape from, see it, too. The production values were excellent, also.
Not everyone agrees that this a parody. I have read that the film turned out confusing because of problems on the set. Including, Rita Hayworth's Alzheimer's and an actor who had a part for the first six weeks of filming. He was severly injured and couldn't complete his part properly. Therefore the confusion. Everyone wanted to just forget the whole thing but they released it anyway. All wasn't lost however, I personally found it very unique and intriguing. And as a Mitchum fan a rare, wonderful find on the classic movie channel.
Ivanhoe: A nice experience for a romantic fan This was a TV-movie I liked when I was a child, I still think it is okay, but maybe not a realistic end battle between Brian and Wilfred, and the same with the make up, some of the costumes and hair styles. But you will find a lot of good joustings between the knights. Some of the actors are better than average, I liked Sam Neill as Brian de bois Builbert and James Mason as Isac of York. Rating: 7 of 10.
I don't quite understand comments about the movie being slow. To me it was quite unpredictable and it maintained suspense throughout. The acting was very good and what struck me the most was how the movie was able to strike a realistic balance in everything, that was almost eerie. Indeed that is what made the movie so convincing to me. What also fascinates me is that even though the movie was realistic it was magical . I guess the real world is a magical place :-) Bottom line: go see it!
Under the Sand was a haunting, touching movie. Charlotte Rampling was excellent as the denying, grieving wife. I think the film did a good job in examining the effects from the death of a spouse. It is not a young person's movie nor is it a particularly happy movie. It does have an effect on you. I wondered if I would be as strong or as weak as Marie Drillon if placed in a similar situation. The movie invited this introspection and that for me is the hallmark of a good film.
This is a great movie....the movie keeps you on yur feet the whole way! It's about Arnie and his troops....heading into the jungle to rescue some hostages....well turns out they have something that is hunting them...a alien that likes to hunt and collect skulls as trophies. Great cast...Arnie, Carl Weathers, Bill Duke, Jesse Ventura, Sonny Landham, Richard Chaves. The special effects in this film as awesome and the Predator played by Kevin Peter Hall....he was pretty darn scary looking....Great action, great cast, awesome movie!!! I give this movie 4 stars ****!!!!!!!!!!!
I think I might be one of the few here who actually has nothing negative to say about this "Husbands & Wives" rip-off. (Actually, that's my only quip -- too much like Allen's "Husbands & Wives." Nonetheless, "Husbands & Wives" is a very good film, so whatever.) The documentary approach worked on many levels; the acting was very good; the story wasn't bad, either -- so good that I held interest for the entire time. A very fine film, I must say. Burns is the new Allen! Rejoice! 10/10
This movie seems to make people think of Highlander. I disagree. It's as much Highlander as it is Excalibur. The plot is nothing spectacular or original, and does remotely resemble Highlander, but it certainly ain't no Highlander. Heck, even Star Wars looks remotely like Highlander. It's all a case of level of abstraction from the story. But enough about that. It was sorta disappointing that people thought it normal when the "immortal" (actually reincarnations) died with a lot of lightning. So: it ain't no classic, but it certainly is worth watching.
As the best of French cinema does so adroitly, "The Window of Saint-Pierre" tells most of it's story laconically with knowing looks and subtle behaviors while the story it tells is a relentlessly plodding drama of unspoken words and the emotions they evoke. "Widow..." is more about integrity, honor, love, and other intangibles than it is about its relatively simple storyline and the characters involved. A beautifully crafted somber film, "Widow..." is recommended for mature audiences because a measure of maturation is required to appreciate all this austere film has to offer.
I guess maybe I'd have been interested in this film if I knew anything about skateboarding or the history it documents. However, I didn't, and I was bored. This movie did nothing to encourage my interest; I didn't care about the characters or anything that was happening. Furthermore, the stunts weren't even at all impressive (except a few shots of modern trick skateboarders at the very end, and even that was just impressive by comparison). Don't go see this film unless you know you're already interested. At least it's short.
"Sophie's Choice" is a luke warm flick with a whole lot of "toos". Too long, too obvious, too theatrical, too unbelievable, etc. Telling of a holocaust survivor in America, Sophie (Streep), and the pair of love interests she cultivates (Kline & MacNicol), this ensemble drama showcases an Oscar winning and memorable performance by Streep who gets to stretch and strut her consummate talents over a 2.5 hour run. Streep's wonderful workout is about the only reason to give this 20+ year old flick a dust off. Recommended only for Streep fans. (B)
I agree with the previous commenter--an extremely powerful film. But I would like to add that I think this was Kevin Kline's best role in any film he has made. I especially love the part in the beginning when Sophie and Nathan are arguing on the stairwell and he finds Stingo eavesdropping. His switch to a southern drawl, the stinging quality of his words, amazed me. I've watched this movie so often I'm about to wear it out. Also the music is very well done. I STILL cry when I watch it!
L'IL ABNER is a minor classic from the golden age of musicals. Dogpatch and its denizens are stylistically realized in this comic-strip of a film. Peter Palmer (Abner), Billie Hayes (Mammy Yokum) and Stubby Kaye (Marryin' Sam), among others, bring the eccentric citizens of this burg to musical life with humor and vitality. Among the best songs are "Jubilation T. Cornpone," "The Country's in the Very Best of Hands," and the "Rag Off'n the Bush" dance. Put your Sondheim sophistication aside and enjoy this wonderfully down-home parody of government and backwoods folk.
This genuinely creepy Korean serial killer drama has style to spare, with some of the most gorgeous cinematography you're ever likely to see in this type of movie. As sick as I am of the whole serial killer genre, this is easily one of the better ones and I would recommend it highly. Much better than American fare like Kiss The Girls and The Bone Collector. Tell Me Something is also one of the only movies I've seen in the past few years that has a surprise ending that is genuinely surprising.
Just saw this film last night on Sundance and one thing that struck me about this film was the similarity to the works of Dario Argento, even down to the gloved hands of the murderer (albeit white gloves, instead of the black ones in Argento's films), did the director use his hands like Argento does as well? Still one good, if a bit gory, suspense film. I was surprised by the ending and if it is going to be remade in the west, I hope they can get Argento to do it.
Answer for somebody's question: This is original screenplay was wrote with use Turgenev's novel "First Love" (Turgenev is Russian writer). This movie filmed almost as original novel... But there are some interesting details was erased. For example: Voldemar have not seen the Zinaida before her dead. When he visited hotel there she lived, she was dead 4 days back. In movie showed that he was beside her when she was in throes of dead. But Kirsten have played this role very excellent!!! She was soooo beautiful. And she showed us The Talent.
This is a story of a friendship between an unlikely pair but kids don't care. One young girl comes from a well-bred upper class family and another girl is a street smart daughter of a New York apt. building super. They learn from one another about a different culture and the dialog is fantastic - extremely believable. I'm sorry the overall rating this movie received was so mediocre. The low scores were obviously given by persons out of touch with real life, especially from the perspective of a young girl.
Plain Out a Good Movie. As Usual, Candyman is Stalking his latest Obsession. He Does the Killings and The Girl is Blamed. Seems Familiar? Here's The Twist. This One is the most Enjoyable From The Whole Series. When I Say Enjoyable, I Really Mean...Terrifying, Stunning, Brilliant, A True Master Piece. I Could not See Myself Thinking so Highly Of The Candyman Without This Latest Installment. It's Just That....Well....I'm Sure The Candyman Will Return for More Thrills Due to This "Odd" Ending. Better than Part 1. Check This and Other Candyman Movies Out!!!!!
This movie is by far one of the all time greats. It is pure genius fom start to finish. This film will have you in stitches from start to finish. Set in the American civil war, Johnny Gray goes on a one man mission to get his beloved train and girlfriend back after both are stolen at a routine stop. Buster plays a wonderful part with some outstanding stunts. Unfortunately this film is out of it's era and finds itself hard to be appreciated in todays society. Still a worthy watch though.
This is not a movie for Julia Roberts. She is one of my favorite actresses and she shines always (wherever she's in). I, just, think she should play in better roles. This movie doesn't suck but it is nothing special (at all). This one and "Runaway Bride" are the worst movies of her. As I said before they're not awful but Julia Roberts deserves more than this. The best movies of her are: "Pretty woman" (of course), "Nothing Hill" and "Erin Brockovich". I'm looking forward for more of her brilliant movies. 4/10
A group of creepy monsters terrorize San Francisco.Now it's up to a group of kids to stop them."Neon Maniacs" is a fun and pretty fast-paced flick that I dug quite a bit.It has plenty of violence including decapitations,an axe to the face,a guy cut in half etc.The film ends rather abruptly and it leaves the door open for a sequel,which will never happen I suppose.All in all "Neon Maniacs" is an underrated little flick that surely needs more recognition.One of the best horror movies of the 80's-a must-see for true horror buffs!
This copycat film was not nearly as compelling as the late '40's film Lifeboat, the best post WWII lifeboat film. Both shared similar story lines, but Lifeboat had better actors and more interesting story twists. See Lifeboat instead. Much better cast and more subtle and effective acting than with the over-the-top, chew-the-scenery overacting from Tyrone Power. Lifeboat also had a good and sympathetic-til-the-end, rescued German sailer subplot that was effective in pulling our heartstrings until we saw that often things are not what they appear to be. They are often worse.
This film is unfathomably bad. The script sounds like it was doctored purposefully to be the worse script ever. The 'story' jumped around and the pacing was awful. The film in general made no sense. In some scenes you could see the auto exposure kick in, and some shots had a rounded border. Everything seemed carefully made to be amazingly rubbish. The special features include a 'Main Menu', 'Chapter Selection' and 'Original Soundtrack'. I laughed so hard at everything after watching this my face hurt.
I thought Sweet Hideaway was a good movie. I found it to be very entertaining. I knew it was an independent film prior to my viewing it, so I did not go to see it expecting a "Feature Film" presentation. I especially liked the family scene with the Aunt and the little boy. The coach was hilarious (although he did go a little over board with the profane language). It was nice seeing all the new faces (actors) in the movie. Everyone did a great job! Overall, I enjoyed the movie!
The skilled cast of this film is given little to work with as most of the plot development of Boyle's wonderful novel is tossed out in favor of enema references. While it is still a good satire of health crazes (which are hardly a new phenomenon), the book simply had too much story to put into one movie. I was also disappointed that some of the facts were changed (Dr. Kellogg, for example, stayed fit and healthy well into his 90's) to please the anti-fitness people. The truth was crazy enough.
It's interesting that both this film and "Rear Window" came out in the same year, since the base plot is identical: person witnessess murder through apartment window in opposing apartment and spends rest of movie trying to convince everone else what they saw. While the Hitchcock movie is more stylish and elaborate, this film definitely keeps your attention. Typical of movies of the 50's, the villain is disposed of in the climax, thereby eliminating any necessity of bringing them to justice. Stanwyck, as usual, gives her best "woman in distress", hysterical performance.
Not that I dislike those other high school movie, but this one is so realistic. Angus is overweight and he fines ways to deal with it. He doesn't try to lose the weight to make everyone like him. Charlie Talbert does a great job, in the only thing that I've seen him in. The acting really is great and as a huge James Van Der Beek fan you get to see one of his earlier films. George C. Scott and Kathy Bates are also at their best. I give it an 8/10!
This move is a mostly funny mostly naked satire of sexuality of the times, circa 1970, that still holds up today.The bodies are perfect and most of the gags are right on the money.It was written by some of the best writers of this century and the acting is superb.The dance numbers are some of the most innovative ever choreographed and the people are naked--isn't that what your always wanted to see in a modern dance routine anyway!Be sure to check out the "Sex Clinic" sketch, it will leave you in stitches!
Although the movie was pretty lame, with all honesty, it was a nice change for a new storyline. Unlike those typical teen movies with partying and some fruitless high school teens, this movie.. well, it didn't have substance, but it had a "nice" attempt. The movie went by pretty quick, though it repeated many of its sequences. I, however, was only glued to the tube because of my favorite actors, Dominique Swain and Oliver Hudson. The actors, well, most of them looked good, and that's a bonus for the film's empty significance.
it seems south korea has become the major market for good, fun action movies. we've seen a couple of good ones since "shiri" came along. "yesterday" is no exception. tight, powerful action sequences bound together by a futuristic plot, with art direction a la "blade runner" make this movie a contender for one of the best action films of the past years. "yesterday" has the sense to be contemporary, thrilling and without resolving to unnecessary subplots - it is clean, pure fun. lovers of asian action cinema- you will not be disappointed!!!
It's been more that 7 months since I've watched it for the first time and posted a comment in IMDb. Today I've had the oppotunity to watch "Go Toward The Light" again and the feeling it brought me weren't much different than the first time. Death is always something hard to deal with, and the way this movie shows it, we notice the way a fearful fact can interact with all the happiness and joy in our lives... It makes you feel like you're dying too... very sad, compeling, amazing...
They don't make 'em like this anymore. Based on Terry Southern's classic novel, CANDY is remarkable film featuring a swinging soundtrack, actors like Richard Burton and Marlon Brando spoofing themselves, and a fast-moving picaresque story that satirizes late 60s America (military, academia, Eastern religion, etc). Criticized upon release for lack of any coherent story, is one of the best films from that era. Advocating sexual freedom and experimentation, Candy is one fun movie with a funny script by Buck Henry and wild visuals, like a glass-bottom limousine and Brando's gurumobile. A must-see!****
This has to be one of the most aggravatingly dumb movies ever made. I can't believe the positive comments that I see here!!! Maybe it didn't make any money at the box office because it stinks!!! Did any of you ever think of that? You get the feeling while watching this thing that all of the characters are moving in slow motion with no sense of time. The dialog is horrid and the acting is worse. Plot holes galore!!! Did anyone else notice the similarity to "After Hours" in the night scenes???
This film could have been interesting, but it wasn't. The thing that seemed most odd about this film was that a few times during the movie, the group started fighting with the guy who was trying to figure out the puzzles and save the ship. I suppose they figured that if he was beat senseless he could solve the problems more efficiently. Anyway, I try to find some reason to see a movie in most of my reviews, so you might consider this movie if you're interested in weird uses of Shakespeare.
Certainly a horrible movie.. Its the worst movie i've seen. Really Bad.. If I had an option to vote as zero I would choose it.. In the movie there is no horror, no action, shortly nothing.. I watched this movie with my friend's advise. Because, he has been watched the movie and he was repentant and he wanted me to be as well as him.. So an advise to you, if you don't want to be repentant do not watch. Thus save your time..
Wilbur is a wonderful character, he is the type your mother warned you about, but in the end he becomes the man of your dreams.. He is dangerous to a fault, yet gentle. He is scared of life, and tries as hard as he thinks possible to kill himself, but due to his will to live, he cannot finish what he started... I reccommend this movie for everyone, I enjoyed it immensely. I went to see the movie and found myself stunned by the cinematography and the actors are notebly good.
Just saw this "classic" on AMC and even though it's very hard to make me laugh, there are 2 EXTREMELY funny lines (won't spoil them for you) regarding things that are written in letters penned by the Carole Lombard character. I laughed out loud. After the movie was over I was still "playing" these lines in my head and laughing. That kind of humor is rare for a movie that's 60 years old-- I haven't seen/heard these jokes duplicated in a movie since. Definitely worth seeing. 7 out of 10.
My cousin rented this movie when he was staying over one night. This movie is a howler. The acting, budget and fight scenes are bad. My father had a hoot making all of us laugh with his witty observations. Come to think of it, this makes a great party movie. Bad acting, sloppy direction and lame chop socky= Great party movie. Recommended for party viewing. Those brave enough to view it alone will truly be dissapointed. C Another hit or miss, a case of hit or miss... -The Damned
Although this is a fantasy it is a valuable film. Slater gives an excellent performance of the schizoid loner on the edge and it it becomes possible to genuinely empathise with his lot. Rarely has a character so distorted and distopian managed to maintain some warmth. The film work is stylish and stunning at times. Simple effects are used with great impact. A comedy about catastrophe and despair, a romance about alienation, a hero who is past the point of breakdown, a hero who is the victim -- excellent
This is one of the movies I'd recommend to anyone in want of a good movie. It was very enjoyable and although there weren't unpredictable twists, it didn't fail to keep me attentive. Story-line: Lon (Daniel Wu) was born with an injured face. Him an his brother are hired killers until something happened, which prompts a turn in the story. Stephen Fung and Daniel Wu both gave awesome performances. Although, I haven't seen many HK films, it seems that they are taking a turn and for the better. Very enjoyable.
I saw this movie at the Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival "www.bifff.org" in March 2006 This movie is a real kick in the face, a ballet of music, feelings and poetic vision of life. Something between David Lynch and The Yellow Submarine of the Beattles. The hero is falling into desperation and will meet god for a little interview. Please take that ride ! You will not regret it. This movie is full of pleasure and humor and you will probably cry or laugh ... Thanks BB
It makes me laugh to think of people who are used to watching normal Hollywood style movies renting this movie with popcorn at hand, ready to see a movie about a Vietnam vet! If you're not used to seeing gritty, no budget 16mm depraved amateur student film sickness disguised as a movie then you shouldn't watch it. If you're a fan of low budget horror films with a very sick ending then you should definitely watch it. Personally I like this rare and sick film...maybe I need to go see my doctor...
The idea for this movie is just great and I must say it was very well carried out. The way the world and lesbians/gays have changed during the past decades is so well represented in the movie. I was sad in the beginning (1961) and just thrilled when coming nearer today, somehow I was much involved to this movie all the time. I found Chloe Sevigny cute and the 70´s were exactly how I´ve read they were. If these walls could talk 2 is very realistic and touching in every possible way.
As a rule, I don't like making comments about films that I don't really like. But occasionally, I'll make an exception. Actually, I can't say I dislike this film so much as that I was disappointed by it because with the cast, I expected a better movie. I'd read the book and enjoyed it and looked forward to the movie. The sad truth is, apart from one or two performances, there really isn't much to this harmless bit of fluff. By the bye, it is a titillation flick, like it or not.
A surprisingly good warmovie. It has realistic battle scenes, competent acting plus it shows the Vietnam war from the medics' and doctors' point of view. The romance was believable and Cheryl Ladd was always a decent actress (and good-looking). Battle scene highlights: the NVA assault on a USMC firebase. Those Marines' bloodlust was on a par with the NVA's! I don't like chicks' movies, or *romantic* movies. I do agree however, that nearly all warmovies need a healthy dose of realistic romance. 'Purple Hearts' provides us with just that.
I especially like the gag at the end of the segment with Gene Wilder, the doctor who has an affair with a sheep. He's shown on skid row, drinking Woolite from a brown paper bag. Also Carradine's mad scientist who brags that he was the first to discover the correlation between masturbation and political careers (how true)! And Woody as a court jester-as-stand-up-comic: "It's great to be back here at the Palace." Not one of Allen's best, but it has its worthwhile moments once you get past the concept.
Barry Levinson is a clever director. Mr. McAvoy is a clever actor/screenwriter. In this case they combine for three wonderful ideas that would carry a short story or a half-hour sitcom episode marvelously. There is not enough here to sustain a movie, however. So after the first half-hour, An Everlasting Piece runs out of steam and attempts to reach the finish line with smoke and noise. A movie that begins combining wry whimsy and clever wordplay with offbeat characters quickly degenerates to a laboured farce that plays like a three stooges marathon.
The european video version of this film sucks. It boosts pathetic dubbing, and claims to be an "uncensored version" featuring "scenes never showed before", but I doubt this is true. For the film: it's incredibly dumb, has a very ugly production value, bad acting and has such an intense pace that you feel it could end any moment. And if it did, you couldn't give a **** about it. If you must watch it, fast-forward it to the cool scene in which a woman is transformed from an elevator into a motorcycle...
This was a spooky movie of someone trying to relive certain childhood experiences and the other trying to block them. It was really tense and creepy. I didn't care for the homosexual twists and conclusions; it could have been quite good without going into that territory. We all have childhood experimental experiences. I don't think most are gay ones, though. This ruined the flick for me, although I'm not really homophobic or have any particular stand on that topic. I just didn't care to get pulled there in this manner. Just beware.
I know that books rarely make to the screen (big or small) without changes, but it always amazes me when the changes are apparently made by a writer to "improve" a story. A lot of Dickens' work has been altered for no reason I can discern (Scrooge's sister is Fran instead of Fan, a typo maybe?) or because the writer apparently thought he could do better (A large amount of Dicken's dialogue has been slashed and warped in this version)...he couldn't. Stick with the version starring George C. Scott or Alistair Sim.
I'll watch anything which stars the occasionally delightful Kari Wuhrer, but this is pure dreck ~ it doesn't even look like her (which is our loss). It intrigues me when a director claims to be an auteur by leading the credits with " A Film By Eric DelaBarre," when it really should note that it's "The Film By Eric DelaBarre." For the chance of there being another film by this poseur seems remote. 1 Niro~Star (out of 10, only because there's no ZERO, apart from the director)...
An aging Rita Hayworth appears in a role beneath her talents. A beautiful Kim Novak (who has little acting skill) looks frighteningly out of place dancing and singing -- not to mention acting. Barbara Nichols (who had great acting skill) was woefully underutilized. Sinatra never was handsome enough to play such a character as Joey Evans. And yes, I am one of the people who is NOT charmed by his singing. A disaster yesterday and hopelessly dated today, Pal Joey is what many people eat on the cob.
I had a feeling this was going to be a bad flick. I admit, the only reason I even watched the video was hopefully because Christian Bale would be in some scenes, but he wasn't. The link to the original is awful, I did however enjoy William Shattner's performance (I hope I spelled that correct) he was pretty funny and pretty goofy throughout. But the movie was just too darn spaced out to think anything good of. It makes you relize just how good the original AP was compared to this.
I saw this film back in 1989 and bought it at a video store for $1.00. I feel the same way about this film as I did back then: it's craptacular! The SFX is crappy (ESPECIALLY the make-up)and a lot of the plot is garbage (If Vanessa was so much in love with her husband, how could she not know that he was dead?)and the acting is just HORRIBLE!!! (Sylvia Kristel is just BAD!!!). Still... It makes for a fun evening! Just great for a horrible horror movie fest!
I know this film is meant as open minded, but it should not have been made. As a Bat-fan this film did disturb me, but they've got the character of Batman all wrong. He is a master escape artist and second to none in self defense. The performance of Batman is exemplary, but the execution is not there. One of the things that make Batman great is how he keeps surviving to fight the never-ending fight. No real Batman fan should see this because it's depressing and disheartening for our favorite hero.
Raptor Island was possibly the worst movie i have ever seen. Characters suck and so do the actors who play them. The visual effects look like animated cartoons. the story is terrible and ending is stupid. All the commandos suck at aiming. And the black guys dies, which pisses me off. I would watch it for a good laugh. It stinks. The ending stinks the actors stink i would rather eat my own vomit then watch this movie again. Only watch this if you wanna laugh
i had a lot of problems with this film but the main ones were that it is largely boring and seemingly implausible. molly parker was rather weak and her character was thin - i didn't think the motivating force for her actions was adequate. callum keith rennie was fine but the dialogue they were all given was very stilted and silly. it did not come together at all. although i had heard it was offensively bad and horribly violent, it wasn't as bad as all that. but the swans were definitely annoying.
I wish as we looked through the new releases that I'd known this was the bad made for tv movie that I saw on USA network (cable). Had I known this wasnt' your typical cheesy snake flick, I wouldn't have rented it. while part of the acting is fine, and the snakes are semi believable (not outragiously huge) the speed with which the victims die is too exagerated, and it is almost identical to the old movie "Rattler" that is now makign the rounds of network tv movie filler during reruns seasons.
This movie is another sub-realist creation of Henry Paris. The stetic aspect is more elaborated than The Opening of Misty Bethofen, but the movie is plot less. The good: Very good looking actress, perfect photography in some scenes, and that subreal world. The Bad: Most scenes are just a waste of time, and even not erotic or exiting at all. If you want to see this movie just FastForward to the Disco sequence. Is like a short movie inside the movie, and maybe the only cool thing to see.
Well, the first one did work pretty good, didn't it? This outing of base instinct "cuteness" just did not seem to get rolling. Kids and animals are always pleasant, but there has to be a reason to root/hate for at least someone. I did not find myself in love or angry at any of the characters, or even the situations in DR2. Even EM did not seem to have his heart in this one. At least it is not an offensive movie and does provide a few laughs. But Pleeeease....no more! SteveL99
This is a very strange movie. Lets get that down first. It is similar in that regard to recent films like Doom Generation and Freeway 2: Confessions of a Trick Baby. It is violent, can be repulsive and disgusting, and is not for everybody. But if you like this type of film, this is a great film. By all means I recomend it highly, especially if you want to see more of Jennifer Tilly than you have before. Definately an unusal but fun (if you are into this type of film) ride.
The script is idiotic, and the actors look and sound like porn movie rejects... The horror is so boring with dumb effects and complete lack of suspense. It's amusing to see the main male character trying hard to be funny all through the movie with very sad rude one-liners. You don't really care for the characters as they are just a bunch of boring cannon fodder. When all the bad elements are all put together you get an incredibly idiotic movie that is fun to watch BECAUSE it's so bad.
Quite possibly the worst movie that I have ever seen. When has Hollywood ever made a successful movie that attacked Republicans? Why don't they learn. The Dixie chicks haven't. These Lefties live in their own elite bubble interacting among themselves; oblivious to the fact that most of America is much further right than they are. The best Hollywood productions are not partisan and are rarely political at all. Dan Akroyd's imitation of Cheney was bad. I would have thought Cussack could have landed better movies. It wasn't funny.
This was, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is atrocious all around, the stunts and action sequences are quite laughable, and the plot is ridiculous. I almost felt bad for Lou Diamond Phillips. Is this the only kind of role he can get? I expected the film to be at least watchable, but the film lost me within five minutes when the Wahlberg character's girlfriend walks into his apartment, eyes a dismembered body, and says, "He's kinda cute!" 1 out of 10. Ugh!
After watching Daredevil, it looked like they went out of their way to make the movie awful. The acting was pathetic, as was the script and the special effects. It clearly looked like a rushed job, I'm sure if you listen carefully you can hear the actors' cell phones ringing, it should have gone straight to viewing on some small airline, but that wouldn't be fair to subject the passengers to that. The only positive thing to say about the movie was that the character of 'Bullseye' was limited in screen time.
This is a movie about a man who wants to be a violin player, but who becomes a boxer and injuries his hands. This film is back from the dark ages as far as how women are treated. In one scene the Father comments to his daughter's husband not to hit his wife in public, but to do it at home. Then the daughter tells her Father to butt out and that her husband can hit her anytime she likes. How sick! Oh and the movie practically put me to sleep too.
Very interesting product from South Korea, a.k.a. REPTILIAN is equally good as it is bad. Far out story line with unimaginative dialogue. Very good F/X holds your interest. Hostile invading aliens reanimate a dormant giant lizard-like creature named Yonggary to eradicate humanity and take control of Earth. Super cool alien spacecraft and a prehistoric monster should be more than enough to keep Sci-Fi fans happy. Overview of notable cast members: Harrison Young, Donna Philipson, Karl Calhoun, Dan Cashman and Richard B. Livingston. The monster is handsomely detailed and fun to watch.
"Best Men" can't seem to make up its mind if it wants to be a comedy or a drama and scrambles both while compromising each only to cap the confusion with some mediocre action. A technically okay production with a decent cast of 2nd tier talent, this film is a directorial disaster with a sloppy make-it-up-as-we-go-along storyline. Character development is not sufficient to allow the audience to summon the emotions the film seems to demand and comedic purpose is lost in quotes from Hamlet and a lot of sappy personal relationship issues.
For you stoogeheads who haven't seen this short, but have seen (and watched repeatedly) the original version 'CORNY CASANOVAS', then stick to watching that one and don't waste your time on this clunker. All of the Besser remaking Curly or Shemp shorts miss the mark, but this attempt is extremely putrid. Poor editing, and transitions from old to new footage (and vice-versa), horribly redone gags, Moe treating diaper Joe like a delicate 2 year old instead of cracking his skull like he did with Shemp & Curly. In short, it stinks! 1.5/10
I enjoyed this movie. I rented it because it had Parker Posey in it, but enjoyed all of the characters. Maybe because I've had jobs like that before : the sense of "us vs. them" and the wacky little things that the characters did to get through the day to 5:00. I would rather watch a movie about these four girls than most movies readily offered to me. Watch the movie. Enjoy it. There aren't that many great movies where the female characters aren't just there to give a guy character some depth.
Final Fantasy VIII is the apex of fantasy RPGs. Not only does it take place in a world we can believe and understand (a somewhat futuristic world that is fairly peaceful but still militarized), but it features characters we can feel akin to, for the first real time in the FF Series. These characters are very real; they have problems, ambitions and fears. They love and hate. They experience real hope and true despair. Final Fantasy VIII is truly the last great love story of the 20th Century... a story for the ages.
I like the relation ship between de main characters, is a way to show love between two people, in this case, men Is a hard love story, but very human, very sensitive You can feel pain. the actors are terrific, did they win an award, because they deserved one. I didn't like the voice over at the beginning, we don't need it The soundtrack is very smart, I loved the moment when The "nene" speaks the voice over and we can hear Billy Holiday. Good direction good art Thank you!
Garbage.The word fits this film to a tee.Jaws was the cinematic masterpiece.Then you look at this film.I watched it often as a teenager.Same goes for all the Jaws movies.I see the trouble with all the sequels in this genre and hollyland.YOU CAN NEVER REPLICATE THE ORGINAL FEARS,SUCCESS,AWARDS.Jaws3 misses the boat for these reasons:No plot,no action,no directions.Jaws3 and Jaws4 are two films they should never have made period.I am of the firm opinion Jaws and Jaws2 are the only Jaws films every made.Hollyworld less is sometimes MORE. -33 out of 10.
Awful comedy loosely based on "Snow-white", featuring a massive amount of German comedians. The appearing comedians play their own style as it probably would be in a fairytale scenarion. Netherless the plot is very predictable while the gags are highly unpretending. Many of the jokes are based on German language and probably won't work translated. (To be honest they don't really work in German either) Silly, heartless old jokes suitable for viewers aged < 10 years. Sophisticated adults should under no circumstances waste their time/money with this movie.
Lucy Lawless must have needed a payday very badly to sign up for this opus. Genetically enhanced locust (created by the evil military) are terrorizing the countryside, and the evil military only seem to want to consider chemical or nuclear options to fix it. The plot is moronic, the characters wooden, the acting bad, and the special effects look cheap. This is the worst piece of drivel I've seen in years. There is nothing to recommend it. Avoid at all costs. Xena, where are you when we need you?
Great, entertaining show! Love every minute of it. From the 1st season to now, great show! The Seasons were (in order), Borneo, Australian Outback, Africa, Marquesas, Thailand, Amazon, Pearl Islands, All-Stars, Vanuatu, Palau, Guatemala, Panama, Cook Islands, Fiji, China, Micronesia, Gabon, Tocantins, Samoa (didn't air yet) The winner were (in order), Richard Hatch, Tina Wesson, Ethan Zohn, Vecepia Towerly, Brian Heidik, Jenna Morasca, Sandra Diaz-Twine, Amber Brkich, Chris Daughtery, Tom Westman, Danni Boatwright, Aras (something), Yul Kwon, Earl Cole, Todd Zherog, Parvati Shallow, Bob Crowley, J.T. Thomas I hope you enjoyed my comment
I loved this film. I went through a big DH Lawrence phase in my late teens and early 20's, and Ursula and Gudrun from Women In Love and The Rainbow were characters I loved and related to, despite and because of their flaws. This is a beautifully written and filmed story of a young woman who just wants more than her ugly industrial town has to offer. She is influenced by a couple of unconventional older people in her life. I thought it was a sensual portrait of bisexuality and creative freedom
This has got to be one of the worst pieces of c**p ever put on film. OK the first one wasn't bad, but the violence in this goes to a bugs bunny G rated level of stupidity. The robbers take a little too much from this kid. Ever heard of a gun? And come on now a 12 year old kid dressed in expensive yuppie clothes walking around central park at night and not being mugged. I don't think so. Then there's another lame happy odd stranger side plot. This is just bad.
After watching this brilliant movie,I came to conclusion that(besides "Braindead")this is the best horror/comedy of the 90's.The acting is great,the characters are captivating,the photography is nice and the humour scenes are excellent.This is the first horror/comedy from Spanish director Alex de la Iglesia.Hey guy,I hope to hear about you soon.The funniest sequence is when the priest is looking for the blood of the virgin to summon Satan.On the other hand,this creative film beats any of these expensive pseudo-horror movies from Hollywood.If you are a real horror-fan like me you should check it out.
I just wish that there were more amazingly addictive ghetto/drug dramas these days. All of the idiots who gave this movie bad reviews are full of crap because this movie completely owns. Whoever said that this movie has a crappy script or is not believable is a total moron, because this movie is epic. Also they do not use the "f" word too much. If anything uses the "f" word to much it is the south park movie. (but that is a good movie anyway) GO SEE IT!
First of all, u must see this movie at least 2 times, to fully understand what the hell is happening there! A butcher, who really likes to cut meat, whatever (or whoever) it is, his daughter, with [a very beautiful] conception of love from the last decade, a poor but very talented circus artist. One thing that is really exceptional in the movie is the amazing (and weiiird) soundtrack, and the unique musical scene that happens with everything that can probably create a sound, or noise, in the context... A MUST SEE!!!! (bis)
i thought it was a great movie i liked the cafeteria part the movie it`s self is funny i`ve seen it atleast 100 times if not more the the bad guys were pretty cheesy but will browning was funny i wouldn`t want to go to that camp spartigus either i believe him i think it`s a prison camp his sister should go there for thinking that shes so smart twoie the clone is smarter than her. i liked the music video part where he tell will i got that from a music video.
Death becomes her has a really good idea: what would it be like to live forever, stay young and beautiful? I don´t consider this movie gives an answer to that, but it represents one over-exaggerated view - a particularly well-carried out view. Goldie Hawn and Meryl Streep make an unique performance and fit perfectly to their roles. Interesting was also to see Bruce Willis in so different kind of movie I have used to see him. The plot was a little bit too easy to guess beforehand, but I didn´t mind. Just great!
This movie predates some of Duvall's more critically acclaimed and popularly received turns, but in truth, this may be the finest acting job of his career. Duvall is this film, and he has made this kind of intense, honest character study his own (Tender Mercies, The Apostle, The Great Santini). The black and white cinematography is perfectly suited to the story and the acting. It works as a far more honest story-telling device than Spielberg's "Schindler's List." This is a must-see for Duvall fans and for fans of small, independent films as well.
I don't know why some people have to look for deep "inner or psychological meanings in movies. Fortunately, I just love the movies and accept them for what they are - sheer entertainment! And if you are the same, then you need to see this one. Loretta Young, William Holden and Robert Mitchum are absolutely WONDERFUL in their roles. It is a great story with just the right hint of comedy and romance. So, if you love the movies, and love entertainment, you will truly enjoy this wonderful classic, "RACHEL AND THE STRANGER"!
I gave this flick a 10, because I'm a big fan of b-movie "train wrecks". Godzilla movies(not the Japanese ones), Ultraman and old kung-fu movies are enjoyable in much the same way as basket case 2: so bad that you sit there laughing hysterically because someone actually took themselves seriously when writing something completely asinine. Good fun if you go into it looking for the accidental humor rather than the intended fright. If your sense of humor is like mine, this is one disaster from which you won't be able to turn away.
In contrast to the user comments posted above, I liked the film. Sure, it was a little talky at times, some characters were just plain unlikable and you truly had to suspend disbelief to follow the film's faux-documentary interviews, which aims to move the story along. But the tangled web of the characters' lives was pretty compelling, especially against the backdrop of New York City. Certainly, it's no Annie Hall or Manhattan--two pictures that this film seems to aspire to--but it's still worth seeing, especially if you like movies with an improvisational feel.
The two Fares does it again and even is better than ever! Director Josef Fares does an even better movie than "Jalla! Jalla!" (2000) and his brother Fares Fares is excellent in the lead role as a cop in a small Swedish Town. But my favorite is Torkel Petterson in the role as Benny. Benny is a sweat guy who makes headbands to his fellow police men, but dreams of becoming a hard neck American cop. If you want an easy and funny movie make sure to see this one!
This is a great investigation into the challenge of having a merely sexual relationship with someone without letting emotions come into it. But, eventually emotions come into it because sex is more than just the release of biological urges. The two main characters Josh and Cin are perfectly portrayed by their players David and Susie. I'm sure they would have put a bit of themselves into their roles. The toughest part would have been filming the sex scenes and for the director filming the scenes without a hint of pornography. My rating: 8/10
You know you're in trouble when you can spot continuity errors in the opening sequence of a film (check out the disappearing bra) without even looking for them. "Devil's Prey" is otherwise a well-shot movie, but it's just hokum of the ninth degree. The devil worshippers are a joke compared to the satanic cults in other horror films (and, although they clearly outnumber the heroes, they persist in attacking them one by one), and I hope Patrick Bergin knows that, after a role like this, his career has little hope of reviving. (*1/2)
Although achingly literary at times, moments of true emotional power are rendered by fluid storytelling, Nestor Almendros's haunting cinematography, Marvin Hamlisch's quietly effecting score, a touching performance by Peter MacNichol, and a seminal performance by Meryl Streep; one that Kim Stanley (the celebrated actress/teacher and Oscar nominated mother to Jessica Lange in 'Frances' of the same year) proclaimed, "the titanic portrayal of her generation." No matter what your initial feelings about this film, I encourage you to go back and take in Streep's dark dance of loss, madness and, finally, sorrowful redemption.
This movie is almost perfect, if there is such a thing. Meryl Streep gives her finest performance ever as Sophie. In fact, her performance here is quite possibly the best movie acting that I have ever seen. (It's really that good.) Plus there's even more--the music, the directing, the writing, the supporting actors--are all excellent. Be warned that this movie is very moving and tragic, but it is extremely well done. It will make you cry and laugh--it will fill you with hope and despair--it will make you appreciate life and understand sorrow.
I liked this movie a lot, in many ways much more that than the original Mimic. In particular, Alix Koromzay is great playing the slightly flaky, completely adorable bug-nut scientist/teacher. She is much more interesting than Mira Sorvino, who wasn't bad in the first movie. The story here is simpler, not a bad thing in a horror flick, as the plot stays on a straight course with good effect. For those looking for big-time special effects, Mimic 2 might not satisfy. But for some good campy fun and scares, check this one out.
"Just Around the Corner" is strictly Shirley Temple 101. Paul Girard Smith's short story "Lucky Penny" (a much better title!) becomes an unlucky vehicle for the pint-sized star, here portraying the daughter of a financially-strapped architect during the Depression. Through some comically-contrived misunderstandings, Shirl comes to believe her father's boss is actually Uncle Sam--and sets out to solve not only her papa's problems, but the nation's as well! Forgettable bubblegum nonsense, though one with an elaborate production and some energy from supporting players Bert Lahr, Joan Davis, and Bill Robinson. ** from ****
"Bones" was a scarefest that scared up the goods. Director Ernest R. Dickerson's last time he taggled a horror movie was "Tales From The Crypt Presents: Demon Knight." On "Bones," he does a better job, but, what I was most impressive from this movie was Snoop Doggy Dogg as Jimmy Bones. He was creepy. There were alot of violence and gore in this movie. But, just the whole movie, from beginning to end, was very good. If you like Snoop Dogg, then you'll love "Bones!" A+ 13/13 ****** (out of ****** stars)
Robert Flaherty had a great eye for the interesting shots. Never more so than this oil company funded film about a young boy seeing the oil rig come to his Louisiana bayou. Although there is not much of a story the shots of the oil rig, life in the bayou, and the moods that Flaherty captures make it a film well worth seeing. If you see "Man of Aran" or "Nannok of the North" remember it was the same great documentary filmmaker. I've seen it twice and probably will see it again someday.
I just got this one on dvd and loved it.. With a lot of cool bonus stuff and a blooper reel that is to die for.. all i can say is "THE CHEESE THE CHEESE" BEST BLOOPER EVER.. As for the movie with it extended scenes was very well done. love the cast that was used for the days of old to the new actors and actress. Can't wait to see their new film "The Ghosts Of Angela Webb" on dvd. A true Ghost story of a haunted house in New Jersey..
Is Def-Con 4 the worst movie ever made? It's very possible. Whenever you decide to venture into the Science Fiction section of your video store, steer clear of this film. It has a deceptive cover aimed at drawing the uninformed video renter into picking it up. But whatever you do, DO NOT BE FOOLED! The sad thing is that 10 people actually gave this movie a 10 right here at the Internet Movie Database. Here's a much more realistic vote: 1 (only because that's as low as it goes here at the IMDB).
This film is hardly a masterpiece, though it does have some good moments and plenty of action. Really it should have been named "Broken Helicopter" -- by my rough count they wreck at least 3, maybe 4, helicopters during the course of this film. Travolta is over-the-top, of course, and Slater is fine in his role. Howie Long does a good job as the henchman. I wouldn't spend money to see this, but if it's on cable and you're in the mood for a lot of wrecked helicopters, check it out.
I think this movie wasn't even worthy of being a Crow movie. It simply didn't feel like one. The movie wasn't dark enough and I didn't feel the same vengeance from this character as I did with the first two films. There were a few things I liked, such as the image of the crow makeup burned into his face and the angel crying blood but I really didn't think that the acting was that great, the bad guys weren't bad enough, and the general feeling of a Crow film just wasn't there.
This superbly rendered propaganda film must have been seen by a young Jack Higgins as so many elements appear in his novel and subsequent film of the classic "Eagle Has Landed" -- albeit the much more sympathetic presentation of the Germans in the latter. The really creepy thing about this film is that the Nazis, although unquestionably evil, show more restraint against their civilian prisoners than Bob Kerrey showed in Vietnam or that the "Dirty Dozen" showed against the female Germans they burn alive in the climax of that insanely over-praised flick.
This film, shot in black and white, takes you back to the films of yesteryear. Johnny is an island of innocence in a modern sea of debauchery. Undaunted and unflinching, Johnny captures the bad guy and gets the girl. I could almost say that's a spoiler, but the nature of this film makes it quite enjoyable no matter if you know the ending or not! Fun and frivolous, this film deserves your attention. I caught it quite by chance on IFC and am happier for it. Don't miss it, this is good stuff.
A terrific film! How could this be overlooked but things like "The wedding crashers" become a hit!? If you enjoy humorous,thoughtful and intelligent entertainment this will quite possibly make your year. Recommend it to friends! The acting, scene design, and dialog are all just stunning. Billy Crudup's performance is awe inspiring. The scene from Othello near the end is absolutely huge. My wife does not like nor have any familiarity with Shakespeare and she was on the edge of her seat during that scene. A Winner all the way around.
The depiction of America in 1898, the slowly healing wounds from the Civil War (in the South), the coming together of men of different backgrounds, as well as the apparently realistic battle scenes combine to make this one of the best Turner films in recent years. I would recommend it to anyone interested in Teddy Roosevelt or Bucky O'Neil or in the Spanish-American War and the economic (and idealistic) American view of Cuba at the time. The characters emerge as real people and the viewer forgets for a moment that it's a film.
Yet another long forgotten and unpretentious film of superior quality which seems to have slipped through the net (judging by the lack of comments !). I can remember seeing this excellent thriller only once many years ago but it certainly made a lasting impression on me. The interplay between Steiger and his highly intelligent canine co - star was quite riveting . This shamefully overlooked movie provides even more proof that you CAN, occasionally, find buried treasure if you're prepared to wander off the beaten track from time to time.
The buzz on Bulworth was that it was a daring, honest and amusing comedy that boldly confronted political taboo. I was excited to watch it, but was genuinely amazed at how absolutely terrible it was. Bulworth is a foul-mouthed, rapping politician who espouses woolly left-wing/liberal platitudes and who would last under 2 seconds in the real political arena. Most of his policies would amazingly unpopular and, it must be said, wrong. He trots out gangsters to back up his "hardcore truths", and the effect is laughable. This movie was extraordinarily painful to watch.
This is one of the most unique films I have ever seen, and unlike any other holiday fare out there. The puppets are magical and lifelike, the music is borderline psychadelic and the film as a whole is completely original (and comes complete with a cameo by Hello Kitty). It is at once both a lovely holiday film and an "Alice In Wonderland"-style fantasy, complete with moments that may be too terrifying for little children. This film needs to be remastered and released to DVD, it deserves to be discovered by today's generations.
I ask myself , what did the producer thought when he was making this crap. it is very low budget (not that that's the problem) but you can see that the whole movie.(ohhh god , the monster) No good story and the acting is also very crappy. (really . look at the drag queens) This film has nothing i like and it's a total waste of time to look at. Please watch something else. I give this movie 2 out of 10 and only because they had balls to film it.
Poor Donald Pleasence! He's been in a lot of really awful films, and this is one of the worst. He was known for putting in good performances even when handed a bad script, but in this disaster, he doesn't even try. In addition to the apathy of the cast, the scriptwriter obviously didn't care too much since this film makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. There are fissures bursting open at random, men running around in Creature from the Black Lagoon costumes, a gratuitous song, a mysterious dagger, lots of tunnels, but no logic.
As a true lover of the Ealing studio films, especially those of Alec Guinness, I am delighted to find this movie on television. Unfortunately, this is the only way one can view it, as it is not available on VHS or DVD. The story of the seasick prodigy of a navel family and his attempts to keep a British "stiff upper lip" in the face of adversity is endearing and hilarious. Also catch The Man in the White Suit, The Lady Killers, and The Lavender Hill Mob. You may also enjoy Hobson's Choice.
"The Funeral" is one of Abel Ferrara's best movies, not to say his best work besides the instant classic "King of New York". The cast is superb, and all the big names (Christopher Walken, Chris Penn, Isabella Rossellini etc.) give breathtaking performances that you'll never forget. The story is intense and absolutely plausible, one can imagine that it happened right as Ferrara tells it back in the 1930's. The climax will knock you right out of your seats and will leave you gasping for breath. an undeniable masterpiece: undoubtedly 10 out of 10.
Very moving and a beautiful job!! I knew very little about Beah Richards, but this documentary opened my eyes. What an extraordinary and beautiful woman! I commend Lisa Gay Hamilton in taking on the task of putting this altogether. I enjoy every moment from the time the movie started until the time it ended. There's a lot to be learned from here and it's one more reminder of the struggles that were endured during the turn of the 20th century. This movie brought tears to my eyes, something I will never forget.
I wouldn't say this movie is ordinary. There is something about it that makes it stick out of the crowd. Perhaps it is the exquisite camera work, perhaps the intensity and the tempo of it, or maybe merely the fact that the acting performance is excellent. It might be a bit intense at the start, but once you pass the threshold, you get sucked into the story. Anyway it is a good movie, and even if the story is not unique itself, the movie truly is. Watch it, it's worth the money renting.
I have seen this film twice and liked it even more the second time around. With so much commercialism of the Christmas holiday, this film promotes all that the season is supposed to be about, that people are more important than money, compassion for others in difficult situations, and finally, the ultimate and hardest lesson, that of true forgiveness. Many films have great scripts or excellent acting but this film was about the story and the lessons to be learned. I hope that it will become available for purchase in the near future.
A captivating tale of a couple returning to The Soviet Union, and finding out the trip was not exactly as advertised or promised. Together, they face the reality of Stalinist Russia and the horrors of persecution that reside therein. A very well made film that captures the hearts of its audience, with genuine empathy and intelligence, as opposed to emotional manipulation. Hollywood should take note on how such films like this address their subjects, and the subsequent dialogue. A truly well acted and crafted film. Highly recommended.
Amusing movie. No doubt. At the first time I see somebody shout Italians. Anyway Italian starts be boring in the crime movies. Movie is very balanced. Love be twin him and her is so real. Like you are inside. All actors are real. Usually actor are fake, more dump than fake. but in this movie I can't see any fakes. Producer know the job. Have a sense. The quote I like: If they go in Europe, that doesn't mean that they are good fellows! My ten points. Best.
This could be a really good show if they ease back on the sex and the long posses. Parts of the show (movie) had me thinking "Oh my God" while other times, I got up to clean out the litter boxes. The acting was okay. No character had me feeling the fear or passion. The story line was okay, but they tried to put in too much in too short of time. They need to really build up the characters. If it makes it to prime-time TV I will give it a go.
I can't even count how many people I have gotten hooked on this movie because I made them watch it with me once. There are a few movies I have purchased over the years that I can watch over and over and over again, and this is one of them. I have probably seen it 25 times, and even know the whole movie script by heart. Do yourself a favor and watch this movie, and if you have already, watch it again. Mike Meyers is one of the funniest guys that ever lived.
I'm shocked! The American film-goer loves a good romantic comedy and this one's perfect. George Segal and Barbara Streisand shine together in this "Odd Couple" meets "Bringing Up Baby" production. Belly-laugh funny throughout, this film succeeds in convincing the viewer to root for this couple to find love, instead of the fame and fortune they think they want. I give it a ten in spite of the lame soundtrack provided by Blood, Sweat and Tears. Fortunately, the music plays a completely insignificant role. If you like romantic comedy, you'll love this sleeper. Enjoy.
Trintignant is brilliant, aided by a terrific supporting cast, as a nihilistic but debonair professional thief. The plot is very clever with many surprising twists and turns, and this is combined with a philosophical spirit that transcends description. The film within a film angle has never been handled with more panache. I just saw it this week after not seeing it since the 70's, and the film stands the test of time marvelously -- still as fresh, funny, and involving as when I saw it originally. I recommend this overlooked jewel very strongly.
Crocodile Dundee 2 was not as good as Crocodile Dundee 1 etc, etc.... So we always hear, but so what? View this third offering with an open mind and you will enjoy it without comparison to the first two. I was very pleasantly surprised at the very funny one liners and situations, and came away from the cinema with a smile on my face. Do yourself a favor and rent this for a bit of occasionally hilarious escapism. As one of the other contributors stated, don't take it too seriously, it's a comedy!
Escape from New York is probably the first modern action movie, and still stands up pretty well. Not quite up to todays CGI effects, but the main character Snake Pliskin played by Kurt Russell is probably the coolest action hero (or anti-hero) ever. Up until this role Russell was probably best known for his Disney movies and it was a great casting job that totally changed Russells image. I can't say enough good about this film. If you like your action gritty and your hero's to be dripping with attitude you'll love Snake.
I wasn't too sure what to expect of this Showtime original when I tuned into it. Listed many well known names and appeared promising. Three different story lines tied together with a constant location over several decades. Sounds OK. That's just what it was , an OK film with an important message. I agreed with the message whole heatedly, just wish the film would have had a little stronger writing. Some parts were good, many too predictable. But I won't spoil any surprises, you'll have to watch and see if you agree.
Verdi outdid himself when he penned La Traviata. The cast of singers for this production is superb. The cinematography is appropriately both beautiful and colorful, particularly at the Villa outside Paris. Stratas is excellent and poignant as Violetta. Domingo makes a most passionate Alfredo. Cornell MacNeil is a splendid Giorgio Germont. Alan Monk is a fine Baron. The cinematography is particularly fine. All in all this is one of the finest productions of La Traviata ever. I believe that I have it on both laser disc and DVD.
I was expecting a good story, good character development, excellent acting from Jolie & Banderas, and some great erotic scenes. What I got was a very implausible story that zigzags from love to murderous revenge and back again, no backstory, unsympathetic characters with erratic behavior, and a weird sadistic bisexual boyfriend/pimp (Thomas Jane's character). The sex scenes seemed passionless and were barely erotic. The acting by Banderas and Jolie was good, as were the sets, locations, and lighting, but it didn't rescue the film. Don't waste your time on this movie.
I loved this film, and can't believe the low score it has on this website. You don't need to be a Kath and Kim fan to enjoy this film, which has a few of the funniest scenes in it that I can remember from an Australian film since 'The Castle'. I saw it with a bunch of people recently, and we were all laughing hysterically. See it, and you won't be disappointed. The scene with Sean Micallef as a soldier is worth seeing the film for all on its own.
I remember seeing this movie when I was about 4 years old and let me tell you that it was great. I was always renting this movie and I was always watching the TV show. It was one of the most fantastic animated adventure made when I was a child. I will always remember the thrill of seing Adora transform herself into She-Ra to save Etheria. It is so sad that it had to end. I really hope that one day a network will show it again to the next generation of children.
Incredibly dumb and utterly predictable story of a rich teen girl who, not given love by her parents, starts a girl gang. They rob gas stations, rape guys (!!!) and kill a policeman. All the "teenagers" in this film are easily in their late 20s/early 30s, the acting is all horrible and the script has every cliche imaginable with hilarious dialogue--it comes as no surprise that it was written by the immortal Ed Wood Jr.! Worth seeing for laughs. Best lines--"They're shooting back!" and "It ain't supposed to be like this."
What was Sharon Stone thinking. To see her in this sorry excuse of, well anything, is truly a terrible offense. The once sexiest woman in Hollywood starring opposite Billy Connely, (who, supposedly is very funny?) in a movie that doesn't know what to do with itself. One cliche after another, but the worst part is the acting. Gil Bellows, the guy from "Ally McBeal" is plain terrible, he singlehandedly ruins what's left of this fiasco. So there is absolutely NOTHING even remotely good about this crappy movie. Never should have rented it! 3/10
Buddy Hackett narrated this crap "once upon a snowflake".... pffft! The greedy people in town are in the dumps because their supply of 'ice-money' is melting and the Russian dictator down the block wants the hottest girl in the village to be his chick... or something like that. Calling Jack Frost to restore a cold weather climate to anywhere on the globe. Totally charmless holiday special with a sour plot which involves coins, taxes, going broke, and the 'flake-flipping snow gypsies'.... huh? Produced by Rankin/Bass, though they've done much better.
My friends and I have seen a lot of bad movies. Up until now, "Tomb of the Undead" was the worst movie ever. Now, even though its dancing zombies are timeless, it must loose its crown. The new king of bad movies is "Killer Nerd." This movie was so bad in every way that I don't even have that many comments on it. It was mind-numbing bad. Like -- really REALLY bad. Just go rent it. You'll see. So bad. Just bad. Bad bad bad. Bad. :-( Nerd nerd Nerd NERD NERD! ...
Lucy Lawless must have needed a payday very badly to sign up for this opus. Genetically enhanced locust (created by the evil military) are terrorizing the countryside, and the evil military only seem to want to consider chemical or nuclear options to fix it. The plot is moronic, the characters wooden, the acting bad, and the special effects look cheap. This is the worst piece of drivel I've seen in years. There is nothing to recommend it. Avoid at all costs. Xena, where are you when we need you?
you mean most manipulative? misleading? keep in mind Jin's flashbacks served no purpose but to be a red herring they had nothing to do with the story being told, it's bad writing. They can't justify showing that. Try watching the episode again and not getting irritated knowing he's buying a panda for a stranger. And whats with the children's comedy music going on during that slapstick scene with the cell phone? gimme a break ridiculous, waste of LOST-time Hopefully next weeks will be better, and carry us through til April.
I like the action-flick from No Limit "Hot Boyz" with Silk The Shocker but this is almost pure garbage. I love hoodcomedies like FRIDAY & DON'T BE A MENACE TO SOUTH CENTRAL but this is not very funny. AJ JOHNSON is a annoying Chris Tucker-wannabe but unlike Chris Tucker AJ is NOT funny. Master P is the worst rapper ever to be in a movie, he couldn't act even if his life depended on it. I rate it 3/10 it has some fun moments but for the most parts it don't
I guess the producers must have thought that the success of "Four Weddings and a Funeral" would make any film with Hugh Grant a goose with golden eggs. Well duh, this film is simply a waste of pellicule. The humour makes me cringe, especially the little number Robin Williams shows us with the gyneacological table. Tom Arnold was terrible too, a typical American stereotype. Anyone who can watch the scene with the deliveries without whimpering deserves a medal of honour. I doesn't even deserve the 1 out of 10 I gave it.
After reading a review on this film and seeing it for only £2, I thought "How could I go wrong???" I was (unfortunatly) mistaken.... Didn't anybody else (apart from myself) think this film was just PATHETIC ?? How any body can call this a "horror, comedy or fantasy" is beyond me. The ONLY excuse this film has is that it was low budget and was made in 1987. The are SO many 'goofs' in this film you wonder how they didn't notice them. Personal opinion.......AVOID AT ALL COST !!
This movie is one of the worst of the genere, the only actor with a hint of talent is Evan Lurie (David). The story centers around two rivals a cop, and a playboy. They are both in love with the same woman, and neither of them knows if her daughter is their child. And when the child is kidnapped they put their differences aside and join forces in the search for the kidnappers. On the whole a bad movie with, but with some good fighting scenes. I give it 2/10
I see no reason whatever to watch this thing unless it's playing on Joe Bob's MonsterVision (poor Joe Bob will have to shoulder the whole job of junk-embellishment himself, now that MST3K is gone). Dumb, plotless and unfunny, except for the raccoons - who get all the best lines. There's a nice little brotherhood story connecting earnest, good-natured Candy to arrogant blowhard Aykroyd, but it's so badly bogged down that it doesn't manage to surface until the last 20 minutes and that's much too late. One from the bottom of John Hughes' barrel.
Fairly amusing to begin with, this film quickly descends into realms of implausibility bordering on the absurd. The simple fact that Dustin Hoffman required hours of make-up work before each scene should be enough to make that obvious. Despite the film's flaws, Hoffman actually does pull it off and makes a convincing female soap-opera actor. The ending brings the whole film down to the level of a soap-opera, perhaps intentionally so. Enjoy Hoffman's performance but don't expect anything profound; this movie does not aim at gender politics, merely cliches and predictable audience tittering.
I felt ill after 5 minutes. I have no idea if the storyline is good or not. What genius decided to use that cool-jerky-docu-style camera work for the entire movie ???? I have homemovies that are easier to view than this. The opening scene in the office was a little amusing and I wondered whether the character would brazen it out when he received the call from his boss. It's a pity really because based on the opening scene(s) I would have viewed the entire movie.
We've all seen the softcore pornographic films that are aired on Cinemax and Showtime after dark, and they're terrible enough. But "Hidden Passion" is worse; not only is it terribly acted and horribly written, but the fact that it's a cheap rip-off of "Bound" adds another layer to the disgust. And the film doesn't even do a good job at ripping it off, seeing as how it's cast with untalented actors, so it's crammed with sex scenes here and there to lure the viewer away from the fact that the entire movie reeks.
I was intrigued to see this movie after I found out that it was one of Keanu's earlier film debuts. The novelty of Keanu's performance wore off quite fast once I realized how absolutely dreadful this movie was. It was truly a struggle to get through it. Actually I only saw the ending a week or so later when I caught it being televised again. Even the beautiful Lori Loughlin was unable to rescue this film from the depths of mediocrity and garbage. Avoid this movie even if you are a Keanu fan.
This picture is nothing more than a dose of mindless fun, with some creative killings (have you ever seen an umbrella impaling before?) and some funny moments of self-reflection (the scene in the movie theater is a standout). Because of the extensive flashbacks in the beginning of the movie, in which footage from the first film is used, those who have seen the original recently will probably hate this; for the rest of us the flashbacks are almost a bonus: essentially you get to see two movies for the price of one. (**)
If Hollywood keeps making bad copies of movies, at least they could see fit to copy a decent movie. Instead these bozos decided to copy the 1991 barely-B-Movie "Toy Soldiers" in this overacted cliche-filled steal wherever we can excuse for a film. It has the school kids held hostage, gadget-freak semi geek with a heart of gold, bad boys doing good and even the cute teens of Toy Soldiers, without the benefit of the dimples of Sean Astin or even the acting prowess of Wil Wheaton or R. Lee Ermey. Skip this one.
This movie is about a young girl who is the victim of (violent and gory) parental abuse. Later the story focuses on the female writer of the girl's stories who may or may not have been involved with them personally. Incoherent and haphazard scenes have been thrown in to suggest flashbacks between reality and fantasy. Plenty of blood and blood-stained interiors have been used to heighten the drama without achieving this aim and becoming comical. Weak acting, weak scenario, emphasis on unnecessary gory scenes unrelated to the plot. Cannot recommend this film.
There is no doubt that seeing Tiffany Kristensen flash the Butcher is the highlight of this film. Everything else has been seen before in other horror movies. Obnoxious frat boy, token African-American, lesbians, and, oh-my-gosh, a chainsaw. How original! At least it was put to good use getting rid of the most irritating characters. Oh, that flash in the beginning, that's it for the nudity. There really isn't much gore in this film. I would have given it a PG-13, instead of an R. Stay on the main road, people.
A film about absolutely nothing, populated by exceedingly boring, uninteresting characters. The black & white is not justified as it does not serve the film well. I suspect it simply served the budget. Why is it that gay filmmakers are only capable of making films about their favorite subject... their own sexual proclivities/fantasies? Every time I see a gay/ lesbian film I am struck by how consumed these filmmakers are with themselves and the exploration of their own sexual deviancy. Same old same old. This film was excruciatingly interminable.
The original movie was not the best movie ever but it was a solid blockbuster ... but the sequel is a so disappointing : - the script is weak, too much incoherence, so many goofs... - a lot of cliché, another film where the bad guys are german and Nazi from the WWII, too easy - Reno's character has lost all is charisma, he seems not to be the same "Niemans" - only Magimel does a good job No, sorry a bad movie maybe written by a 7 years old kid ?
I happened upon this short movie while flipping around channels and since it was so short, I decided to see just what it had to offer. Unfortunately, it offered VERY little. Whether I consider directing, acting, cinematography, screenplay or score, it's sorely lacking in quality. Fellow commenter Jeff from LA states, "...it has a positive message that any Christian should be able to relate to." This may well be true, but since the stated intention of the film was to speak to non-believers in a meaningful way, I'd say this film fails miserably.
A small-town coroner, who has a young son obsessed with death, helps three women get away with drowning their husbands in this dreadful, pretentious film. While it cannot be denied that director Peter Greenaway has unique vision, the question remains whether his vision is worthy seeing. I appreciate his films in theory, but not in practice. There are a few interesting moments scattered about, but what's the point? What is this film about? And why should we care about the characters and the story? Those are questions Greenaway left me unmotivated to answer.
A thoroughly pointless film; the pretentious, pseudo-artsy direction doesn't match the kinky, trashy material. You can't make an "art" film simply by presenting a series of carefully designed pictures; you must have something meaningful to say. And you just as sure can't make a horror film simply by dealing thematically with vampires; you also need some scares (the movie's one potentially scary scene - in a shower - is badly edited). I'm sure the lesbian overtones had seemed daring back in 1971, but today they can't make the film worth your effort. (**)
Brooke Shields is a spoiled little rich girl who decides she wants to enter a desert automobile race and since whatever Brookie wants, Brookie gets.... Streaking across the sand dunes in her favourite sand-colored scarf and cute little goggles with the wind blowing sand in her beautiful brown hair, Brooke gets kidnapped by a handsome sheik with a GQ beard who whisks her away to his pad and ties her up while Brooke pretends she doesn't like it. Romantic Saharan adventure where the camels are more interesting than the actors.
Anybody else think this is a total rip off!? Gus Van Sant did it way better! Daft Punk did almost exact shots! Who does that? Desert scenes. Slowly walking in the desert. Fatigued. Giving up. Death. The only different was that in Gerry, they were humans. I love Daft Punk, and I really liked the last burning scene, however, it was totally a rip off. Great songs too, but too similar to call an original movie. At least cite Gus Van Sant's work. Human After All. -Raymond
AMC has been showing this stinker for the month of March,2001. Ted Healy gets my vote as worst actor ever on screen. He does a second-rate Jolson impersonation- and that may be an insult to second-rate! In the scenes with the Stooges(of the 3 Stooges fame) Shemp comes across as the leader of the three, but Healy tries and fails miserably at doing slapstick comedy better than the Kings of the art form- The Three Stooges. I understand Healy was eventually murdered. Too bad for him, but great for the world of comedy.
This is an awful mess, so bad it's hard to sit through for more than five minutes. I guess this film was supposed to be "quirky," but it just comes out as a muddled mess. There are no laughs, the couple at the center of the story is boring in the extreme, the acting is pretty awful (Julia Stiles has been good in some other movies, but not here), and half the time it doesn't even make much sense. If this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen, it's pretty close to it.
I really don't know why Eddie Murphy signed on to do this movie. The script was terrible, and he didn't seem to be trying in the least. When I'm watching a movie that tries to be funny and fails, I can usually at least see where they were trying to make me laugh. He, however, I couldn't see one instance where Murphy was trying to be funny. I did laugh a few times, but it was at the surprisingly funny Randy Quaid as his robot Bruno, and the brief apperence of John Cleese.
What Artisan has done here is try to recycle the film Juggernaut. In doing so, they fail miserably. The film is terrible and the acting is worse. The entire 'starring' cast should be banned from Hollywood for several years just for agreeing to perpetrate this piece of trash. Also, the director should be run out of town on a rail for ruining what was a perfectly good movie from the '70s. But most of all, the people at Artisan should be ashamed of themselves for agreeing to fund such a terrible project.
This film is proof that by just combining two of my favorite stars with the writing of Neil Simon, is not necessarily a guarantee of success. I understand that this is a comedy and the actions of the characters may be exaggerated for comic purposes. The problem is that even though the characters actions made no sense through the movie, it wasn't funny. I honestly found myself disliking Alec's character. Sorry everyone. I would rather watch Alec and Kim in The Getaway(1994) which I thought was a lot better than the 1972 original.
The second movie in the saga is by an extremely wide margin the very worst of them - it is actually completely awful in itself, let alone as a sequel to the great first APE movie. Most of the story is a heavy-handed commentary on religion, war and the use of nuclear weapons - the dialogue is so pompous and the idea so pretentious that most of the acting seems more fit for the stage rather than the screen. The ending is disastrous, actually making the entire point of the film meaningless.
Making a film that's even stupider than Schwarzenegger's "Commando" seems like an unimaginable feat, but here it is. Starts off with some gratuitous nudity, then degenerates into a ludicrous action film. Some of the dumbness was probably intentional, but that doesn't make it excusable. Linda Blair is curiously absent during most of the big action scenes, Cameron Mitchell, in his last film appearance, has a brief cameo, and the main villain is a Fidel Castro lookalike! The film is thankfully short, though (not counting the closing song, it runs about 73 minutes). (*1/2)
I have seen this film and was expecting something quite good, but its the worst film I have seen in a long time, the acting is atrocious and wooden. It seems as if the film was made just for showing gore and forgetting the acting bit. Basically the storyline would have been good if they had picked decent actors and actresses, bringing it as an up to date story of Frankenstein. The blood and gore were over emphasised and didn't look real. Just a complete waste of time and money.
How could such an accomplished screenwriter, a man who wrote such classics as Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, etc. be so singularly responsible for such an aggravatingly awful movie? I don't think anyone will know. Perhaps the joke is on all of us and Paul Schrader is laughing at our reactions. Maybe he set out to make the worst movie he possibly could and in that it is a triumph. This movie is offensively bad. It will make you mad. A waste of talent, money, time, effort and thought on everyone's part.
Many of you have posted comments on "Clockwatchers" as a portrayal of "Office Life"... Not true!! It is a movie based on each of the 4 main characters personal "Identity Struggle" and nothing more than that. Watch it again and "Forget" that they are in an "Office" setting, focus on the personalities you see in each of the 4 main characters. I'll give you a hint, Lisa Kudrow's character has Bulimia Nervosa. Guess who has OCD? "Never ignore the Obvious and Never over-look the Obscure" A great Movie! 10 "stars"
This movie probably won't win any awards for acting of script but it is an excellent movie for parents to watch with their kids. It is very clean and has has a moral lesson to it. The plot is predictable but I found myself pulling for the little hero in his battle with the bad guys. This movie won't embarras you with offensive language and sexual themes. Put a bag of popcorn in the microwave and get ready for a couple of quality hours with your kids or grandkids rooting on One Small Hero.
I completely disagree with the previous negative review of this film. It is one of the better Holocaust dramas I've seen, as it portrays what a modern American Jewish girl goes through as she experiences the Holocaust in a vision/hallucination: what is better, knowing or not knowing what is happening, as events unfold? Certainly there are some liberties taken with the exact nature of this vision, and how she experiences actual historical events, but I think that had this film looked slick, it would have taken away from the raw experiences the film depicts.
This movie was previewed before Captain America. I don't think I need to say anymore. They're both as good as each other. And by that I mean they're totally awesome! Never before has the emotion of the Gulf War been captured on film with such accuracy! Rob Lowe is a god of the silver screen! The way he owns the screen, its perfect! This movie challenges conventional war films by being sub-conventional! Standards are reduced to bouts of hilarity! Okay, I'm lying, this movie can't be good. Honestly. It just can't.
The man really is a comic genius. I first heard his monologue on CD, and that was side-splitting enough. When I saw the videotape, though- his actions and facial expressions make it twice as funny. Case in point: the airline sequence, where he can add another scene because he can use physical comedy. Also in his scuba-diving sequence, or any part where he "dances". He can make a long, hilarious comedy sketch out of, well, nothing. He is the King of Nothing- and that's the best thing he could be. 10 out of 10!
Well, I guess there's worse movies out there. I just don't know what they are. There is no real plot, but there is enough nasty perversion in this movie to satisfy Jeffrey Dahmer. I'm not a prude, but I guarantee that you will not like this move (unless you are a serial killer or something). I swear, most pornos aren't this revolting. BTW, it was shown at the 1998 B-Fest--and was a resounding bomb, probably because everyone had to go vomit in the toilet afterwards. I wish I had missed it like my friend.
My wife and I took our 3 year old to see this film and we all enjoyed it. In the age of lots of shoot 'em up and Pokemon "crap" Thomas was refreshing and light. For all those who have slammed this film as being the worst of 2000 I can only imagine that they have no sense of wonder and either don't have kids or don't read to their kids. Take your little ones, leave your synicism at the door and be a kid again. Its o.k. to enjoy a kids film!! :)
now i would like to say this is one of the best movies i have ever seen. and in being the best, it is also the saddest. I would like to say i cried for an hour at least on this movie, and not how my life relates to it, but on the actually movie and how bad I felt about their lives. and i cried hard. not cried.. i wept.. i wept like a baby. i wept so much and hard that my stomach muscles hurt me. wow. good movie. go see it.
In my senior year of high school (1974), we produced this musical. Ummm, yours truly played Scrooge. I had the LP of the original cast recording, but I'm too young to have seen the B&W original live action production on TV (I agree with the other posters who state that the animated version was disappointing compared to the live action production. Please let me know when and how a DVD or download of the original B&W live action production of "The Stingiest Man in Town" becomes available. Thank you, Steve Marcus semarcus1@yahoo.com
Brill film for youngsters, I loved the film as a kid, first saw it on bbc 1 or 2 in about 1985 when I was 8. Watched it not so long ago at around Christmas, my little twin brothers are about 7 and they were glued to the tv. Best part, oh poor old Jacko just been eaten! The Octopus still looks quite good now and the effects were good for then 1978. I would love to see a 2002 remake, its just a shame Doug's not here to play the good guy part.
This movie was an abomination. Possibly the worst I've seen. I waited and waited for some meaning to surface, but was disappointed. The movie, to be sure, was purely character driven. The problem was that these characters were not likeable. They were unbelievable and stupid. And just what was the point of the little girl drinking the beer? Travolta never should have gotten mixed up in a movie like this. His talents were wasted. The only saving grace for Travolta is that most people never heard of this movie because it was so awful.
I really enjoyed this film, it's great fun. I thought the characters were very entertaining, I'd recommend it to anyone. It was wonderful to see Michael York back as D'Artangen after all this time. Susie Amy, who played his daughter Valentine was brilliant and so were the three young Musketeers. The only thing I wasn't totally convinced about was Gerard Depardieu's character - The Cardinal, it was at times difficult to understand what he was saying because of his accent. All in all it's feelgood film that would be suitable for all viewers
"MALLRATS" is one of the greatest comedy's of all time! It's up there.. along with "Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back" and others.. I've seen all Kevin Smith's films and I believe the best two are "STRIKE BACK" and "MALLRATS".... I can't wait til the next Jay & Silent Bob flick... I hope it has Jason Lee in it! The guys terrific... This movie is hilarious.. Genius diologue! Kevin Smith is a genius. He's unique. Everybody should see Mallrats.. Only an idiot wouldn't like this movie. ****/**** 4 out of 4 stars, baby!
I personally loved the movie. You may not figure it all out, in fact I'm sure that you won't figure it all out. It's one of those movies... but it's a GOOD ONE! Besides, Seth Green, Ted Raimi, and Jeffery Combs all rock! As for scariness, I don't rate it very high, although there are plenty of good scenes that are pretty freaky. Of course, not many films scare me much. I highly suggest seeing this movie, if it seems at all like the sort of film you're into.
This is a movie lover's movie. The perfect characters, sensual landscapes, delicious textures, and altogether mysterious plot. Although the riddle is not difficult to solve...in fact you may very quickly...the joy is in the getting there. The story weaves about in time and space, forming a fabric so fine that in the end you have lived a lifetime in the arms of the Red Violin. This is the perfect movie for a rainy autumn Sunday afternoon when everything is quiet but the popping of the fire and the creaking of your favorite easy chair.
A violin will transport you through time as it's fortune is played out over 4 hundred years in this totally captivating and intriguing story. It's one of the best spun tales on film in recent times. A rare film of beauty, emotion and quiet humor. It's not often that a film succeeds and satisfies on so many levels as this. The richness of life is built on it's simple twists of fate and this film opens the door on the secrets held within an exquisite instrument known as the Red Violin. Don't miss out!
Based on R1 DVD. After checking with IMDb I watched Unsaid with low expectations. Fortunately the film appears to be underrated at least in my eyes. Garcia and Kartheiser give strong performances and not withstanding an occasional weakness in a script that favours the 'girls do dumb things' school of thought the movie moves along at a good pace. During the directors commentary McLoughlin notes that Americans have a much tougher time with the big secret than Europeans. Perhaps this accounts for the weak IMDb rating. Well worth watching, 7/10.
In Spanish-speaker culture, "Cantinflear" is a approved word (The Real Academic of Spanish language). That means so much in a language. Cantinflas is the best comedian in our culture. He was Passepartout in "Around the World in Eighty Days", but the better performance were in the trial of the movie "Ahí está el detalle", all the people finished speaking like him (cantinfleando). I believe that the confusion in this movie is so good due to Bobby was a dog but the trial was a man murderer. Cantinflas is the Best comedian in America Spanish-speaker.
I was lucky enough to catch the Anarchist Cookbook at the Deep Ellum Film festival. I think it was one of the best independent movies I've ever seen! The writing was superb, the acting amazing and the story was truly original. I was so happy to finally see an independent movie that wasn't prententious, but still smart enought to take the audience on a journey without talking down to it. Besides being really funny, it also has its sobering and touching moments. I really think this movie has the makings of a cult classic.
Two boyhood friends (one played by a very young Mickey Rooney) grow up on opposite sides of the law. Clark Gable becomes a criminal--William Powell becomes governor. Myrna Loy loves both. This plot is now screamingly familar but, back in 1934, this was original. In fact it won the Best Original Story Oscar for its year. This could have been a real howler but a great cast, tight script and wonderful direction really put it over. Well worth catching--especially for a powerful climatic scene between Powell and Gable. A classic of its type.
The story was beautiful and provoked deep emotions in many sections, but I felt that much of the talent was aimed at displaying the ordinary communication within the family rather than the love of music or whatever passion the main characters may have had for their chosen lives. I felt cheated in some respects because the music and jobs seemed more window-dressing that life choices. Seeing and hearing Giora Feldman was a surprise and a treat. I wish there had been more about the music or more about the parents and their internal lives.
This remake of Ivanhoe suffers from several things: changes in the story line, incongruities in the historical aspects of the period and Anthony Andrews's inability to portray anything beyond a prig middle class playboy. Good performances by Sam Neill, James Mason and Olivia Hussey can't save it. The costumes are fine but Andrew's wincing and facial contortions along with John Rhys-Davies's over-acting and emoting ruin it. Too bad. This one had potential. Hey, if you want a costume drama fix, go see the 1952 Robert Taylor and Liz Taylor version: it's much more satisfying.
I am quite frankly astonished by the low imdb average for this film. I thought it was a more than respectable suspense thriller. It definitely kept me riveted throughout. Gwenyth Paltrow, who was offered Kate Winslet's part in Titanic at the time she committed to this project, devles into her role as the unsuspecting fiancee with grace and down to earth affability. But this is clearly Jessica Lange's film. Her psychotic mother-in-law is one of the most disturbing characters I have come across in any film. In my opinion this film rates an 8/10.
Absolutely amazing and startling documentary about the most terrible tyrant of the 20th century. Compared to Stalin, Hitler comes out of this as a buffoon, and an incompetent one at that. Perhaps Stalin's greatest victory was to leave to posterity so few living enemies that even today he is the subject of worship by so many Russians. This one evil and profoundly ambiguous man was the greatest mass murdered in history -- and the appalling scope of his crimes is made shockingly clear by the well-balanced, delicate survivors' accounts in this long video set.
Francis Ford Coppola and Zoetrope Studios went nearly bankrupt for this movie and it's worth every tear they must have shed! Having built the entire Las Vegas strip inside an enormous sound stage (which cost many $), Coppola was able to control every little visual nuance (just like the master, Fellini). Coppola created neon sunsets and an electric glow to bathe his cris-crossed little love story about two people looking for magic in fantasy land. Songs by Tom Waits and sung as ironic commentary by Waits and Crystal Gayle add an extra cynical spice.
I highly recommend this film to anyone who is not out of the closet yet or is already out. I have been out for 10 years and it still hit heart strings that I didn't think existed anymore. The characters and their tribulations are very well depicted and are very realistic to what a lot of us have gone through or will go through during the struggle to come out to family, friends and loved ones. If you have not yet seen this movie, find it and watch it. You will not be disappointed.
I decided to watch this again, after reading some of the other comments, and perhaps find a funnier movie than the one I remembered seeing, but it still wasn't there. "They Call Me Bruce?" does have some funny jokes in it, but also too many flat ones. The whole production looks clumsy and amateurish, but the film's biggest mistake is its overreliance on fight scenes and on the needless plot. Still, it's not the kind of movie you can genuinely hate, and Johnny Yune is not the most dislikable actor you could find.... (*1/2)
Charles Grodin, De Niro , and Josh Ashton make a terrific and hilarious trio. Charles Grodin's humorous skeptimism of De Niro's professionalism is hilarious. The scene while they are getting chased by the helicopter is outstanding. I love how they are all screaming, then you hear Ashton comment that maybe the helicopter is gone, and you hear Grodin reply, "Oh Im sure we're perfectly safe" in a very dry and disapointed tone is SO FUNNY. On a scale of 1 - 10, this movie breaks the meeter and goes to an 11.
This movie foretold the downside of the "reality TV" craze twenty years before it happened. Wonderful brooding cinematography around greater Glasgow at its most depressed. This is definitely a film which deserves to be in greater circulation and better known than it currently is. Romy Schneider's last film, ironically enough, and an excellent very real performance in a fairly artsy 70s vein. I should note I saw this in Glasgow some years ago, and it was the European cut, not what sounds to be a bowdlerized American version which misses some of the point.
I had the pleasure of viewing this very clever film with my 10 year old daughter. Her opinion: "It was GREAT" (and believe me, she can be quite picky) I was especially humored by the "Russian," a cat in serious need of an attitude adjustment. The special effects were just a tad hoaky, but it suited the spirit of the comedy perfectly. If your children liked "Spy Kids," they will thoroughly enjoy this movie. If you have ever had a pet cat or dog, this film will really tickle you too!
This movie was really entertaining and well shot for such a oldie. There is love, mystery, honor, humor and a good plot. Every one plays a very good role and even Douglas Fairbanks Jr. plays a " you almost have to like him" kind of villain. Ronald Coleman is endearing and romantic and sexy as the Englishman. David Niven is grand also. The woman tend to overdramitize, but even so, they are wonderful in their roles. I would highly recommend this movie to those who enjoy a good black & white oldie movie!, Ellen
I was suckered into paying to see this movie in the theater because of the title and because I like the actors. For 19 years now, this movie has been my standard by which to judge all terrible films. There was no excuse for the distribution of this film. Plodding, meandering, insulting to the intelligence of the viewer, and not a sufficient allegory for the cold war to have made it worth seeing. The only reason to watch this movie is to see how truly awful a movie can be.
I gave this movie a very solid 10. Streep's performance is perfection at its best, there is not one flaw made by her in the entire movie. Bringing together scenes of both romance, passion for life, misery, and joy, she allows this movie to get a hold of you and not let go until the end, as all great films should. Other performances are equally great, but it is Streep as the 'very believable' Sophie that will take you by storm. Without a doubt one of the best films of the 80's. Watch it!
This is a totally unexpected find, a movie that you know nothing about when you sit down to watch it, yet totally engrosses you and blows you away. While the plot involves the seduction of a vulnerable female by two co-workers, the sub-plot is a dark look at the corporate world with an ending that will hit you in the gut. In the Company of Men should be watched by men, only with other men, and not with their significant female others. One of my favourites. Highly recommended for those who like dark comedies.
This movie is inspired from Italian movie Desica's Girasoli, I (1970),neverthless no complaints because i don't believe in originality.The movie is worth watching because of good story and flow of the story.A.R.Rehmans score and P.C.Sreeram's camera is beautiful.The movie has romance and patriotism.Good natural performance by the acting team also.Maniratnam was in great form during this period,he gave continuous hits of Mouna Ragam,Nayagan,Agni Natchathiram,Geethanjali,Anjali,Thalapathi.There were many cute scenes in the movie.It is also visually stunning. Even Vittoria Desica might have been happy watching this movie because such a solid,positive enhancement of his work.
You watched the film? If no, don't hesitate. Just go and watch. And talk about it later. It is a hard-gore thriller(they named) It shows a lot of cut-things(heads, arms, legs). And full of blood. But very different from the movies like "Slayer". It's a kind of psychological slatter movie, I think. Some said its rate should be "Over Master's degrees, not Bachelor's". But I think it is better than "A silence of the lamb". Remember, it make your eyes pop up, and head ache, but when it ends you wanna watch it again.
I saw this flick at Outfest in LA five years ago and was saddened it never gained the audience recognition (or distribution) it deserved. It's the best film on the culture of gay narcissism (the clones of West Hollywood, South Beach, Greenwich Village, Dupont Circle, Midtown, etc.). Then again, maybe THAT's why it never saw light of day. It shows an unpleasant side of gay clone life where a leopard truly cannot change his spots. Sure the acting borders on amateurish (especially the lead), but the script has so much going for it.
Just saw this one. Although I was really expecting a bad movie, in the beginning I thought I was wrong. Some very well done fx fooled me for a few minutes... It's a shame too. The acting was OK most of the time, the photography is good, the special effects are really decent, and the only thing lacking was a coherent plot that would make sense. The end is *really* incomprehensible and it looks as though it's a pilot movie for a series or something. Not worth watching unless you're really into this stuff.
This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. It was plain and simply a horrible film. Some awful films are great to watch and bring genuine excitement to the viewer as he/she laughs hysterical at the awful development. This movie had none of that and in fact made me cry. Have you ever watched a movie and felt uncomfortable watching it because it was so awful? Well, if you have, then you know what i'm talking about. If you haven't, watch this movie and you'll quickly realize what i'm talking about.
My son LOVES this film. I've also given it to nephews and the children of friends. It's geared to kids in the age range of 4-8 and not adults - although I thought it was cute the first time I watched. However, my son watches it over and over and knows all the words by heart so it's great for hours of video "babysitting." The idea of going inside his TV and having an adventure particularly seems to appeal to him. There's also a nice moral at the end about little brothers and sisters.
Perhaps Woody's best effort in his 'neurotic schlep' persona. The script is a comic whirlwind, with too many brilliant scenes to enumerate (I can't resist mentioning the blind date's arrival - the desperate preparations and the pathetic introduction are funny but painful, in that we have all been in that position; his demonstration of authentic Chinese rice-eating technique is another classic). The device of the imaginary Bogart alter ego works well, especially in the climactic scene with Diane Keaton. In my book this ranks with Sleeper, Manhattan, and Annie Hall as Woody's best films.
This is one of a long line of "idiot" movies; so called because they only appeal to morons. The only GOOD thing that can be said about it is it would make a good 15 segment serial of the 40s and 50s. As a movie, it is totally unbelievable, absurd, and just another vehicle for the lavish and costly "action enhancement" Hollywood grinds out. I would have it packaged with "Return of The Atomic Man", and shown on Saturday morning along wiith "Buck Jones" and "The Three Mesquiteers" (Retroactive to 1947)
George Waggner directs this John Wayne classic. Soon after the Battle of New Orleans, in the early 1800's, a Kentucky rifleman(Wayne)and his fighting buddy(Oliver Hardy)linger in a settlement of French, homesteading in Alabama. The frontiersmen duo saves the community from a strong assault by land grabbers. Action packed and well photographed; and an attention holder throughout. This film is well worth watching again and again. Wayne and Hardy work well together and make an interesting team. The cast if full of talent: Vera Ralston, Philip Dorn, Anna Logan, John Howard and Marie Windsor.
I was psyched to see this movie, and I was highly entranced in this film until the BIG twist, which not only lame, but threw out any emotion towards or for any of the characters. See this movie only to see how well a thriller can be done, and how important it is not to go the cheap way and go for a big shock, that destroys characters rather than makes your jaw drop in awe. This is a film that could've been brilliant if the writers of the script had used their brains.
I watched this movie at about 3 am one night, and perhaps it was just the late hour, but I was pleasantly surprised by this film. Aside from the aesthetically pleasing aspects of the movie (I'll leave that to your imagination), I actually didn't know who the killer was right up until the end. A feat most better movies can't pull off. I recommend renting this on a lonely, late night, if you have nothing better to do. This movie also contained a brilliant cameo by a flawless look-alike of an aged Dave Jourabchi.
The plot's irrelevant, really. It serves the purpose - which is to provide a framework for the eye candy. What this movie does really well is to realistically depict a strip club atmosphere. Most movies get it all wrong... Extravagant costumes, Vegas style lighting, and elaborately choreographed dance routines. The only thing questionable about the club in MT2 was the fact that every gal is drop dead gorgeous... The lead actress does a nice job with her role (outside of the dancing), and I'm surprised she hasn't done more with her career.
I had a negative bias towards this movie because of the description that I had read about it, but soon after it started I was impressed by the camera work and technical quality (including the special effects) of this movie. The fighting scenes were sometimes unrealistic, though the gun with two bullets actually had only two bullets in it. In general, I was positively impressed, though the end left a lot to be desired. The flight attendant caught in all the fighting acted quite well, even though her role was quite irritating at times.
The third film in the Dirty Harry series is more of a regular action film than a Dirty Harry movie. It has a plot so basic it was probably thought up in 5 minutes. Still, that does not make it a bad movie. Harry still focuses mostly on tracking down the bad guys so there's plenty of good action. I liked SUDDEN IMPACT more but this is definitely better than THE DEAD POOL. If you are either an action fan or an Eastwood fan, go out and pick this, its a fun movie. 4/5
New mobile Report Gundam Wing: Endless WaltZ is the movie sequel to the perfect Anime. I would recommend this movie to anyone!!! I love it! It's so great! I can't believe how perfect it is!!! Wow!!! Mothers reading this to see if it's a good idea for their kids: This movie is really good. If your kids are sensitive to blood, Dekim Barton gets shot and a bit of blood is visible. But that shouldn't matter because this movie is GREAT!!! Oh yeah, and Quatre will um, teach them to be nice and stuff.
What can I say about this film other than superb. I was in tears at the end of the film and had a lump in my throat at several other occasions. It truly dues make you think about your own life, the futility of war and humanity. The scenes of suffering, hardship and brutality are equally mixed with mercy, forgiveness, kindness and hope. With fantastic acting, and a moving soundtrack I cannot reccomend this film highly enough. Watch, learn, enjoy and be sure to tell someone else about this wonderful film.
Great drama, bad horror. Although the film is lacking here and there, I still liked it. Addicted to Murder does feature some good acting by Sasha Graham, Laura McLauchlin, and Bernadette Pauley. At times I felt like I was watching a soap opera, which is one of the reasons I liked it. The film doesn't have much blood and guts, which might be a turnoff for alot of horror fans, but one thing that can't be ignored about Addicted to Murder is that it is unique. Love it or hate it, YOU decide!!!!!!!!
Totally gripping; the story weaves between ancient myths and legends and present day reality. The characters are engaging, the acting is great, and the special effects are phenomenal. I was reminded what special effects are really for - used right, they really bring a story to life, enhance it, engage your imagination and convey more than could be done any other way. This film stayed with me for days. Full of depth, wisdom, action and adventure. a must see. (I also recommend the "making of" that accompanies the movie).
If this game had been released a little earlier in the United States it most likely would have faired better, but by the year 2000 the 3D graphics were quite dated. That said, this game was one of my most memorable gaming experiences, right up there with the first time I played Zork, Myst, and Half Life. The puzzles are mostly logic based, and while some require inventory items that can be a little non-logical to come by, it didn't takeaway from the experience, but rather enhanced it for the most part.
I saw this movie as a young "hippie" woman and just loved it. It captured the times of 1973 perfectly. The subject matter, young love, family, illness, free spirits were right on. The photography was beautiful as well as the John Denver music, which was at the height of his popularity. I felt the lead character to be very brave. I now have a stepdaughter the same age I was when I first saw this movie and I only wish she could view it too. Who says great movies are not written for television?
Best thing about this film was the film quality and soundtrack. The soundtrack was done by a musician from the Sacramento band Far. It put a lot of energy and suspense into the movie. The movie had too many instances of long standing dialogue. The best films have quick interesting dialogue. I liked the look of the movie but the premise of the screenplay was lacking. If the screenplay could have been improved the film could have been a decent one. But character development was not present and there was not enough interesting characters.
Praise should still go out to the supporting acting of Wendy Hamilton, Bill Dwyer, and Will Sasso for their hilarious little performances within this movie. "Ski School 2" is funny for anyone. The other performances and the lead Dean Cameron are funny as well. I wish that Will Sasso had won Wendy Hamilton's affection by the end of the film but the writing never gives their character's the chance we wish they deserved. In the tradition of "Caddyshack" and "Bachelor Party" this film is hilarious regarding the war between the snobs and the slobs.
The first time they made it when they called it Ferris Bueller's Day Off http://www.imdb.com/Title?0091042 Clueless Parents = Dr. Drew Eugene Levy = Me. Rooney The Concert = The Parade Both movies have school cutting, and it goes on and on. The big difference is that in Ferris Bueller, John Hughes managed to capture the essence of teenage angst and create a film that has endured for almost two decades. New York Minute will be long forgotten in half as much time as it's name.
I'm not a fan of silent movies - that said, the restored version I saw was decent. The dinosaurs were at least as realistic if not more than the Japanese monster movies of the 1950s and 60s. In fact, the close ups of the dino eyes in Lost World looked *exactly* like the eyes of Godzilla, Mothra, et al. I find the silent movie format tiresome but this was great to see as a curiosity piece. The audiences of 1925 must have been thrilled to see dinosaurs come alive on the screen like this.
This movie shows that Mark Dacascos is a very overlooked prospect. Drive showcases the talent that he is capable of (and he is VERY capable). As I mentioned, this movie has moves borrowed straight out of Drunken Master 2 (or Legend of Drunken Master to the newer U.S. audience), but is definitely better than half of the crap you see released in the theater. Supposedly, Brotherhood of the Wolf is going to introduce Dacascos to the mainstream. He deserves to be in better than straight-to-video films. Rent it, it's definitely worth repeated viewings. 8/10
This movie is a must-rent and a sleeper phenom! The very best cast has come together to create a memorable romantic comedy with some of the best quotes in movie-dom! Of course, Mike Myers has that gift! His blurbs get repeated at the water cooler the next day... His portrayal as son AND Father is precious, and Brenda Fricker is a marvelous mum, giving the willies and the grins as she leers at Mike's buddy (Anthony LaPaglia)! My favorite scenes are LaPaglia with Alan Arkin as his Police Boss, doing the Serpico stuff! Wonderful!
In spite of playing fast and loose with fact, this is a beautifully acted and touching film. The Lon Chaney character gives Cagney an opportunity to show his range, and the depth of his talent. There is a core of truth in the script in that Chaney used make up brilliantly, but beyond the make up, he was a fine actor. He made the outcasts he played richly human people for whom the audience learned to care. That Cagney could convey, through his performance, the power of Chaney's art is a tribute to both.
This movie is right out of reality. The portrayal of ABCDs (as us FOBs call them) is done well. The movie could have done with some more refinements but it was hilarious. Kal Penn did a great job at playing Ajay Panday , an American Indian who thinks he is an African american. He has done a great job. The movie has you in stiches and the whole audience was laughing aloud all through till the end. There is love, drama, emotion, action and comedy. What more can you ask of a movie.
On the video cover is a four star rating with the large words 'An explosive performance by Richard Gere'. I thought Bai Ling's performance is equally good if not better. It is the performance of these two leading characters that made this a powerful movie. However, I am disappointed that Jon Avnet chose to have the leading lady speak in English on some scenes that could be more authentic if she had spoken in her mother tongue. Still it is a must see! One of the few that will stand the test of time.
Aliens hiding on Earth, all with the first name of "John". A deranged mad scientist named Dr. Emilio Lizardo. A band of sidekicks named the Hong Kong Cavaliers. And in the center of it, Buckaroo Bonzai -- the part-time particle physicist, part-time brain surgeon, part-time rock'n'roller. How could this not be fun? You're not watching this for the deep inner meaning. You're watching this because it's ridiculous and the actors know it is. John Lithgow is absolutely over the top as Lizardo. And Jeff Goldblum does a great comic turn as New Jersey.
This is a great movie, great action, great characters, I love it. It certainly resembles "Big Trouble In Little China" in several ways. Kurt Russell is awesome as Snake Plisken(in one of his best roles), who is the prisoner who is chosen to rescue the President when Air Force crashes in New York City in exchange for a full parole. The music is also very cool, it will stay with you a long time after you see the film. Overall "Escape From New York" is a very fun action movie. *** out of ****.
What a fabulous movie! I just saw a screening of it (with a bunch of other actors and writers) and the whole place burst into applause at the end. Tilda Swinton is amazing as the White Witch. Her cold, evil gaze could freeze anyone. I loved the kids - especially the little Georgie Henley, who played Lucy. Liam Neeson as the voice of Aslan was suitably majestic and comforting and grand. It was beautifully filmed, and I felt Narnia was perfectly realized. Looking forward to the movies that will follow.
Here was a director and a writer who knew that they had a real story that needed a minimum amount of added-on work to make a fine movie. The time passing early on being marked by the fighter-jets evolution was very subtle. The haunting looks back at Edwards Air Force Base and Chuck Yeager's career seemed to ground the movie and remind you where all these heroes came from... and that there were MORE heroes waiting. Sam Shepard's portrayal of Mr. Yeager was particularly good, and I enjoy watching this film... every October 14th.
Chris Cherot's first feature is an indication of good things to come. While lacking what most independent films lack--namely money--Cherot manages to offer a witty and somewhat unconventional look at romance and the often ambiguous values of the Black middle class. You will inevitably want to see this film again. With each viewing you will notice another nuance of the intense passion between the unassuming Lee Plenty (Christopher Cherot) and the pretentious Havilland Savage (Chenoa Maxwell). You will find yourself refreshed by this film's honesty, good humor, and the ultimate triumph of true love.
This is an interesting movie. I really enjoyed it and was perfect for the kids and also a great film for the young at heart aswell. The plot is gripping with the Lucky Duck lake monster and the fact that his secret love for Patti is almost over in just over 1hr and 30mins which is just perfect for the kids who want to go to bed soon. But over all a fine film and I will watch time and time again. Hopefully there will be Dougs Second Movie, now that would be great
This production was a well-done piece of work. Solid performances by all the cast, especially Cher and Quaid, flow throughout the film. There was sufficient suspense and mystery to keep my attention, and the attraction between Cher's and Quaid's characters adds another dimension to this quality movie. I was especially impressed by Cher's abilities and attractiveness in this suspense yarn; I should view more of her works. This film was entertaining and thoughtful, with a cohesive plot and very believable characters, set in the reality of the nation's Capitol. An 8 out of 10.
Though the movie was somewhat slow and Rhys never got a name- only the "photographer" this was a pleasant movie to watch on a weekend evening with a glass of sherry. San Giacomo is a very attractive woman and carried off the part nicely. Fisher Stevens added to the sleaze factor of it all. What I liked was the romance evolved and didn't go straight into sex scenes. A believable film about two people who are attracted to each other and because both spouses are gone- follow their hearts- though they are breaking vows.
This could have titled "Issac Newton" because the story bears about as much of a resemblance to his life as it does that of Wyatt Earp's. Some filmmakers will never learn that the truth or a semblance of it can be just as interesting as their imagination. This movie is a historically inacurate tale purporting to be about Earp and is actually nothing more than a plotless, western soap opera with some shootings. I gave it a 2 out of 10 instead of a 1 simply because the visual effects and cinematography are good.
This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. What a waste of an outstanding actress in the first segment The first segment had so much potential but then they moved on to the next segment... Miss Tree put the bird back in and the home was empty. What happened to Miss Tree ? Where the girls in the 1961 segment related to Miss Tree ? No connection between the segments... This film is a waste of time and does not promote any cause.. A film that never should have been made
This movie is a joke from the beginning to the end, the characters do and say what the writer wants them to, not even remotely what they did or said. Atahualpa is portrayed like a moron, naiv person (he seems to be not an Inca but a caucasian with a very good tan) and Pizarro like a sensitive one. If somebody thinks part of this has to do with reality, that person is wrong, I think the writer and director should have read at least a school text before making a film like this.
you must see the movie more then once,then you will get the real filling of the movie.the movie is very good also from the professional side,the photography the music everything.everything is happening by the most beautiful lake the Ohrid lake in the mountain and national park in Macedonia.the crew is perfect from Pasic to Paunovic from Mirjana to Sinisa.i m very impressed with the acting of Pasic i think it is a masterpiece.and by the way is co-production of all ex Yugoslavian republics(its not a joke)..............................................more times you see the movie it gets better.
This was horrible. I remember that the original movie was mildly amusing, but this stinker left me disgusted. This is one movie where I was actually wanting the villains to win, because of the annyoing, constipated sounding screeching noises that "Tum-Tum" was making for karate yells and what not. I actually laughed when Loni Anderson said "Rest in pieces". The first two movies were cute, the third was...blech, but when a movie stars Hulk Hogan.... slow up on that, you've already lost all the money that you put into this flop; and then some.
I could not believe how dumb and pointless this movie was. It almost made me sick to watch it. The acting was terrible accept maybe a couple of people who were worse than terrible. There was no direction in this movie, I don't think this should even be considered a movie. I just happened to stumble upon it and found that my grandma had taped it about ten years ago. I saw the Amityville name and figured it might be worth watching. I was wrong. One word describes it, and that word is pathetic!
Jeff Ltd is a pathetic show on every level. It's a comedy that isn't funny first of all. The acting is terrible, the scripts/stories are terrible, the directing and producing in fact the production as a whole is terrible. None of the characters are likable and that is okay because you can have a comedy show with unlikeable people but the characters aren't funny either. The acting is the big downfall with this show. I hope it gets taken off the airwaves soon because Jeff Lts is pathetically bad. 1/10
The premise is familiar -- guy learns he's going to die, tries to find a way to leave his family provided for -- but it's presented in an interesting manner here, with Kennedy an appealing if unlikely lead. All goes well until the ending, which is so outrageously wrong for the movie that it completely sinks the film. A surprise ending is generally something many thrillers try for, but it has to be a surprise ending that satisfies the audience on some level, not one that throws the whole story back in their faces.
At that point I felt I had watch deaf blind mutes touch fingers for the millionth time. I thought, "I can't watch this anymore". Then a mongoloid hit himself in the face with a ball repeatedly. And I though, "I definitely can't watch this anymore". But I need 10 lines. Not fair. Herzog is really awesome apart from this.s Oh, Aguirre sucks too. So does Precaution Against Fantativs. But My BESt fiend and all them. Wonderful. Fitzcarraldo. Great. No One Will Play With M is surprisingly excellent
Adolescent, uninspired movie about a girl who is dying and decides to buy things, kiss girls, and become unbearably shrill. There's no sense of reality here. Seriously, this movie makes the television programme "Friends" look gritty. We've seen this all before SO MANY TIMES. Not a note of originality in the tinny, cliché-ridden screenplay. Pretentious? This movie is so self-important it's almost sickening. It's a lame, boring artistic failure. Some of the supporting roles are well cast. I wish Ms. Redford more luck next time.
The much overrated "Chuck and Buck" is a shoddy piece of work in almost all respects...lousy music, make up, cinematography, etc., so bad as to come off like a home video and an insult to the audience. Although the film has its moments they're few and far between simply because the story is so boring. One wouldn't have to be very creative to write a better tale than this sophomoric piece of gratuitous pathos about a sexually confused misfit stalking his boyhood friend. This film will play best with gays and the artsy/fartsy fringe.
You can see the great ideas here that made the Seinfeld show a treasure. But this show has two huge problems. First, Larry David is awful as a performer. Second, they insist on an "improv" feel to the show. Folks--actors really aren't good at improv. So, the dialog is stilted and awkward, the pacing of the script is poor. The good ideas go to waste with no one to execute them. It would be nice if we took all these ideas and ressurected Seinfeld--then they'd have competent people actually doing the scripts and performing!
watchable movie not really unless watch most of it in fast forward.The opening erotic lovemaking scene tells you already forget the sci-fi it's just coating for some rather strange actions that the main character played by Grieco does.He is a pretty boy for the women viewers and that's it For the guys you get to see a lot of Maryam D'abo's body[it's nice] and some of Natalie Radfords body[also nice]So i give it two stars just for the nice bodies on the female leads.If you are looking for plot,acting good script etc Stay Away.
If you are into women-in-prison films, "Escape from Hell" in any good copy near the 89 minute Italian/Spanish original, would entitle you to watch the most erotic, and violent, nude lesbian fight - for possession of the third girl in a cell, between black Ajita Wilson and queen-bee Cintia Lodetti; and a gun duel between the same black fugitive and a Nazi female warden (Christina Lay?) to a mutual gory death. Both fights are at close quarters, and filmed in crude detail, which explains so many "director's cuts" of this film, for different markets.
"American Psycho 2" is a bland dark comedy about a female college Freshman majoring in sociopathology (eg: serial killers) who is determined to get a position as a teaching assistant with her professor as a stepping stone to a career with the FBI and will kill anyone who gets in her way. In spite of the film's somewhat sardonic tenor and dark subject, there's little violence, gore, sex or nudity, and over all the film is lacking in verve, style, and creative edge of the original American Psycho. Save this one for cable. C-
I would say that this was inspired by the success of Willard which came out the previous year but the action is provided by spiders instead of rats. How about the scenes at the drive-in movie theatre? A volkswagen contains four victims who are screaming at the top of their lungs and no one comes to investigate. Were they and the spider woman the only ones at the drive-in? The spider woman spends time fending off the lecherous advances of her uncle, played by Eric Mason, whose acting style reminded me of William Shatner.
Except the horrible cast, the ridiculous script & the lousy dialogues: Did the author only read ONE scientistic book about climatic structure, tectonic plates, or just physics? Never saw a more ridiculous movie. Better to spend the money for renting to me. :-) Why is it not possible to vote zero? No movie in the last years would deserve it more! AND: Which drugs are necessary to write a script like these? Which people are financing this waste of time? Worst movie of the last years!
it all has to come down not being able to keep ones c... in ones pants, is that what they are saying. a joke of a writing job does nothing to show how kate is broken or anything else for that matter. instead of a film about how and where we get our ideas for campion has presented a farce with no bite...castle like cariacatures of australians without the comic intelligence. poor show, why did it all have to come down to the obvious sex thing, and just sex...boring and not at all convincing.
This is without doubt the worst film I have ever seen. The acting, action and fight sequences were truly awful. I do understand that this was a low budget film but that is no excuse for such a poor effort by all involved. People be warned, do not watch this film! By watching this film you will appreciate all other films that were ever made!! 1 out of 10(if it was possible to give zero for this film I would definitely do it, that bad!) I hope you all agree
I saw this at matinee prices, and feel that I overpaid. This movie is very predictable, and the plot hinges largely on completely implausible items. For example, after sitting in a warehouse for 1000 years, Harriers will still fly. And illiterate people can learn to fly them in battle in a week. And they carry enough fuel to get from Texas to Denver, hover interminably, and dogfight without refueling. And 1000 year old fuel will still be good. Oh, and igniting a planet's atmosphere will cause the planet itself to disintegrate into tiny pieces.
Seriously... if you have "Mein Kampf" or the communist manifesto - sit down and go through them rather then wasting time on this movie!!! It's a shame that one of the world's best fiction author (Dean Koontz) will have one of his best books turned into a movie as awful as this one. The acting is terrible, the story is so predictable and stupid (not at all like the book), and it's just BORING. All the excitement is over after 5 min. and you'd wish you had never made it to the video store...
Pretty awful! Only flat jokes, the movie does not make any sense at all. And Meg Ryan was supposed to be the hottest girl ever? What was that all about? That bot-ox face and that flat chest will even fool anyone? Stupid movie, stupid scenes, as someone once said, stupid scenes transitions (like Windows Movie Maker)... I could not laugh at all. I only waste my time and money watching this.... this... well... i think u got the idea. Please go spend your money elsewhere. Poor execution... Two thumbs down!
In short, this was a slow, measured study of a romance between dull dysfunctional characters. Without giving anything away (there is not a lot to give away, I'm afraid), we watch older characters try to have a relationship in spite of their dysfunctions. Admittedly, this type of slow moving study is probably my least favorite genre. However, it was well acted and the story ernest. I totally believed the characters were boring and had personal problems. The problem is that I wouldn't want to watch them. Not my cup of tea, anyway.
I've seen other Olsen Twins movies, and most of them were ok, (It Takes Two) And one, 'Our Lips Are Sealed', was probably the best, so I had high hopes when I saw this on TV. This movie is an endless string of overused material.This movie is basically the same as 'Our Lips are Sealed', but with a LOT less charm. It's very predictable, no suprises anywhere to be found here.The only good thing that might come out of this mess is that it's a perfect movie to MST with you and your friends.
This film was so derivative, the only pleasure we got watching it was trying to identify which movie a particular scene was most directly stolen from. The result is a formless mishmash with no character of its own. At every turn, there was something that didn't make sense - such as the two main characters entering and wandering around freely in an insane asylum (which was itself as clichéd as anything in the movie.) What, no security, no locked doors to keep the inmates in or intruders out? Rating: skip this one.
One may thing that under the eye of a new Director, the Death Note films may have a fresh new start. Unfortunately no. This one is even longer and even more stupid. Adding violence and poor English is not how to spice things up. Neither is making a stupid plot involving L's CRAZZZYYYY adventure that happens within 21 days. Will someone please adapt this into a TV SERIES. The DN universe cannot be contained to a movies, this is the final nail in the coffin, Pass this one up.
I went to see this movie with several co-workers when it first came out in 1988. It was so bad that we were entertaining ourselves poking fun at it and decided to leave before it was over rather than waste our time any further. Ned Beatty's "performance" was especially comical. The manager of the theater was aware of the unintended humor we found in it and when our whole group got up to leave at once, he offered us all free passes to a future movie to entice us to return to his theater.
Yes I remember going to a country drive-in to see this movie. Vampire Slayer.So what if it was school holidays. I was not going to miss this. Well sad to say it was a crummy C-Grade. 3/10 ..Years later we got a second installment .Well just as before I had to see it.Groan..I didn't expect the "sequel" to be any different (but wait what a difference time makes ) low and behold my current favorite TV serial was born. I am glad some-one saw promise in this old C-Grade movie.Cause I never would have!
A professor has been exposed to some nasty virus, and the result is a slimy, toxic, rambling cannibal monster who lives in the sewers.David Warbeck is luring around as he usually does in low-budget Italian shockers. Oh, the military has put a quarantine on the small English town where the whole thing is happening, with plans about total destruction in fear of contamination. In one scene David Warbeck ask some character "have you seen any worse actors?". -And I can only give him a honest "No!" A very slow going film with few values.
New York City newspaper reporters compete for news-items on a serial killer who targets young women. Disappointingly awkward drama from revered director Fritz Lang, here taking an oddly conventional approach to the story and scenario and completely ignoring the suspenseful possibilities. Of course, it's a newspaper drama--not a serial killer thriller, but Lang's general workman-like feel doesn't give the narrative any urgency. Vincent Price is appropriately, amusingly snide and sniveling as the inherited-owner of the newspaper; Dana Andrews is typically solid as a prize-winning columnist, but other performances fail to ignite. ** from ****
Jeff Ltd is a pathetic show on every level. It's a comedy that isn't funny first of all. The acting is terrible, the scripts/stories are terrible, the directing and producing in fact the production as a whole is terrible. None of the characters are likable and that is okay because you can have a comedy show with unlikeable people but the characters aren't funny either. The acting is the big downfall with this show. I hope it gets taken off the airwaves soon because Jeff Lts is pathetically bad. 1/10
In my opinion, one of the worst movies ever. This movie shows how Europeans think the Americans like to see the middle ages. A Disney-like castle, weapons, machines and armory invented centuries later. If it would have been a pure fantasy-movie with no connection to reality it would be still a bad movie but perhaps not that bad. Richard Gere is totally missplaced as Lancelot (One of the funniest scenes was the one on the battlefield in slowmotion that looked more like a shampoo commercial than a historical movie). All in all totally stupid.
Seriously... if you have "Mein Kampf" or the communist manifesto - sit down and go through them rather then wasting time on this movie!!! It's a shame that one of the world's best fiction author (Dean Koontz) will have one of his best books turned into a movie as awful as this one. The acting is terrible, the story is so predictable and stupid (not at all like the book), and it's just BORING. All the excitement is over after 5 min. and you'd wish you had never made it to the video store...
Most of the films I really like are art-house fare and seldom appear on the box-office top-ten lists. That said, I found "Northfork" utterly incomprehensible. I have no idea what it was even about. Writing in the New York Times about a different film, Stephen Holden once observed that some people seem to think they can throw just anything up on the screen and have it work as a fairy tale. I thought of that review several times while watching "Northfork". On a scale of one to ten, I gave it a two.
If you have noticed, until now (July 2003), this movie doesn't have a "Goofs" category. The only reason I can find for this is that it has so many that it is pointless to list them. The movie alone, along with its ridiculous story and characters, is a goof. Everything in this cheap movie is so "goofy" that it is possible that the larger part of its "budget" was spent on the cruise ticket and rented filming equipment. Obviously, a lot of effort was invested into making a movie this bad. 1.5/10
John Wayne. Genghis Khan. It sounds like a bad joke, but no; in the ultimate ego-trip, Wayne, sporting a ridiculous moustache, has landed himself in one of the worst films ever made, an embarrassing, ludicrous historical epic, which plays more like a cruddy Oriental western than the sweeping Asian drama it would like to be. It really is a disastrous affair, shamelessly misogynistic, woodenly acted, filled with appalling dialogue like 'the city will fall like a ripe plum', this is one vanity project that should never have seen the light of day.
Just to clarify the above statement quote"Michael Knight's evil twin brother Garth" Michael Knight is in no way related to Garth because Michael Knight is an alias created by Garths father(cant remember full name) for Michael Long. A cop who is nearly killed by a scandal that is outlined in the pilot and as well in later episodes. I saw the movie as well and i thought it was mildly entertaining although i have to agree that it was overall a bad attempt to milk the TV series.
You have a choice. You can stick your finger down your throat or watch this pathetic attempt at comedy/drama about young adults in search of relationships. In all fairness to the actors who doggedly go through the paces of trying to bring something meaningful to a thoroughly inane script, the film fails because the characters are shallow, two dimensional, plastic replicas of people for whom we're made to feel nothing. The film ricochets off humor, bends around reality, and ignores pathos. It's shallow, hollow, empty, and is about as satisfying as tofu.
The writer has taken a good plot and completely messed it up. The dialogue between the two lead teen characters seems completely unrealistic and god help anyone that has to watch any other film starring the posh kid. He just can't act. This film was totally un-gripping, the relationship between the audience and the characters didn't exist. Anyone who likes space movies should see this film, it's completely lacking in atmosphere. The real question you will ask yourself at the end of the film is whether you should commit suicide for enduring this ****.
Like many people I believed this to be funny because the title was Naked Space. I am not sure, but I believe the title was invented after the success of the great naked gun movies that were made years after this horrible crap. This is truly one meaningless movie. No matter how much you try to laugh at the jokes, you can't because actually there are none. It is almost if they tried to make the most boring movie ever and succeeded. I smiled once during this movie.
This is one of the worst supposed 'comedies' that I have ever seen. There is not a single laugh in this movie and it is proof positive that Leslie Nielson cannot make a decent movie unless it has "Airplane!" or "Naked Gun" attached to it (and that's being quite generous to "Naked Gun 331/3") Whoever approved this script should never work again. Just imagine what damage they could do in other areas of the public sector! Seriously, tooth extraction is enjoyable compared to this. Avoid with every fibre of your being.
This isn't the worst comedy of all-time, but that is about the best thing that I can say about this pathetic film. I didn't laugh once, or even smile once during this bomb. There was usually something going on on-screen, so I didn't get TOO bored, but most of the jokes here were simply awful. The final sequence is nothing more than a long series of people falling through doors and stumbling all over the place. Needless to say, it was a fitting way to end a movie that was impossible for me to like.
One of the weaker entries in the Drummond series, but it's still entertaining. Perhaps I've seen too many of the Drummond films too close together. The humor is not as sharp as earlier entries. The pacing is fine, but the plot and villains don't seem to be up to snuff. The villains don't appear evil or sharp enough to harm a fly, let alone our hero. There is a nice sequence of that wonderful 30s "lab equipment" working its magic. So much more exciting and dramatic than computer chips and LEDs! Now that's evil!
The original "Blues Brothers" is one of my favorite movies, so although I didn't expect BB2000 to be as good, there is no way I expected to be so bad. The beginning was decent, and the new characters were for the most part acceptable, but the further into the movie you go, the worse it gets, until finally you get into flying characters and voodoo witches, neither of which (in my opinion) belongs in a "Blues Brothers" movie. However, the music is excellent. So instead of renting or buying the movie, opt for the soundtrack.
The dynamic between De Niro and Crystal is fantastic. This film has so many nearly hidden punch lines that it is amazing. One of the best is Dr. Sobel's line when he walks into his home and sees the FBI he says,"...obsessive compulsive disorder?" and they say "Organized Crime Division!" Perfect. It shows how Dr. Sobel is so "outside" the entire context of the lifestyle of his patient. The most telling line is when he says..."What is my job here...to make you a well-adjusted criminal?" Well done film. Has more meaning than meets the eye.
I've been a Joan fan for a while now, so when I saw the laser disc for this movie I got it right away. I was definitely not disappointed. This movie has got a great story that could actually happen in real life. Joan gives a great performance as usual, of course Joseph is also perfect as the man she falls in love with at the same time saving her life. A great movie to watch if you like romance and a beautiful setting for a movie Italy.
This film is so good that while I'm watching it, I forget that Cloris Leachman was ever Frau Blucher! Mare Winningham is outstanding in this film. What Frosty the Snowman did to me as a child, this movie does to me as an adult; I cry every time I see it. This movie and To Dance with the White Dog are probably the best ever made by Hallmark. If you're looking for something with a lighter tone, I suggest Hallmark's What the Deaf Man Heard. It's of the same caliber, but not nearly as sad.
Swarms of mutant grasshoppers crack windows. Sometimes, sometimes not. Swarms of mutant grasshoppers threaten to smother the children of *coughs* plot elements. Swarms of mutant grasshoppers blot out the sun and threaten all life on earth. All their mutant billions are miraculously killed in a few seconds by fiddling the power lines of the Midwest. It is difficult to describe the jaw-dropping awfulness of Locusts nor is there any point in attempting the job. Gotta be seen. It is the Plan 9 of the current generation and is very highly recommended.
Linda Blair reached her peak in "The Exorcist", this film is scarier than that one in my book. The acting was dreadful, the soundtrack frightening, and the story non-existent. Where the hell did they find these other 'actors'? I think most must have been taking time away from the adult film industry, judging by the prowess displayed here. Terry's love interest/skating coach (?) was pathetic on screen. His delivery made him sound as though he was slightly impaired somehow. This movie represents the final nail in disco era's coffin. Avoid at all costs.
Do we really need any more narcissistic garbage on the Baby Boomer generation? Technically, I am a Boomer, though at the time when all the "idealistic youths" of the '60s were reading Marx, burning their draft cards, and generally prolonging a war which destroyed tens of thousands of lives; I was still in grade school. But I remember them well, and 9 out of 10 were just moronic fools, who would believe anything as long as it was destructive. This is just another excercise in self-importance from the kids who never really grew up.
One of the most wonderful pieces of animation I have ever laid eyes on! The best attention to detail EVER! The Valkyries do not fly like they're planes on Earth(like in the series). You can see their retro-rockets firing and everything! They've thought of it all, and it adds up to a WONDERFUL experience. If you consider yourself a Macross fan, or even a Sci-Fi fan, you will LOVE this movie! The attention to detail and emotion make this story actually semi-believable, especially compared to the other Anime tripe out on the market today. A+!
"Lucie Aubrac" tells a slightly tweaked version of the true story of one woman's heroic struggle as a member of the underground Resistance in WWII occupied France. Though artistically and technically excellent, many will find this story only marginally interesting as it lacks the usual suspense, action, and other excesses which the public, especially the young theater-going audiences, expect of such films. Nonetheless, just watching two fine French actors (Bouquet & Auteuil) at work telling a story not oft told in film will be sufficient for many, especially those into Europics who don't mind subtitles.
In Argentina we have seen many Americans shows, but really lately the Canadians don't have nothing that envy to the Americans. Example this is The Collector, for many years we don't see a show like this, so amazing, so entertainer, please we don't let us shutout the collector. We need him, we need Morgan Pym. The performances are really good, the scrip is fantastic, the performance of Chris Kramer is wonderful, we can't imagine someone else. The boy, Aidan, the autistic boy, his job is extraordinary. Maya is just who Morgan needs.
Full of (then) unknown actors TSF is a great big cuddly romp of a film. The idea of a bunch of bored teenagers ripping off the local sink factory is odd enough, but add in the black humour that Forsyth & Co are so good at and your in for a real treat. The comatose van driver by itself worth seeing, and the canal side chase is just too real to be anything but funny. And for anyone who lived in Glasgow it's a great "Oh I know where that is" film.
It really is a surprise to me a made-for-TV movie will be that enjoyable. If someone famous like Tom Hanks or J.Lo are in this movie. It's gonna be a huge hit. But all the actor/actress in this movie are good enough to beat anyone of them. Richard Ruccolo is one of main factor to make this movie funny. Hope he can make more good movie for us in the future. Anyway. U may find that this movie is impossible to be better than Hollywood movie. But it's free on TV man!!! Nothing beat that.
Excellent film. Shows the realities of abortion and the trials and tribulations of the women who had to endure these situations. True to life and accurate depiction. Hopefully will help others to understand why some women choose to abort. It is not a decision made lightly or without conscious. And the film depicts how important it is for abortion to be legal. How even when it is illegal it still happens. Very educational. A definite must see. Especially for those unsure of how they feel on this issue. Excellent casting. Very emotional plots.
I was duped into thinking that this was an actual movie. Had I known it was a tv-movie I would have spent the $2.50 rental fee elsewhere. The jacket of the movie made it look like it'd be funny...but I was WRONG! I didn't even laugh once during the entire flick and I'm a person who laughs during a funny movie, even if its as stupid as watching Wiley E. Coyote blowing himself up! Others may say this is a good family movie, but I wouldn't even let my own kids watch this movie!
After watching Ernest Goes to Africa, I never felt another Ernest movie would come out. What a visceral surprise to see this movie on the video shelves. Moronic and only occasionally funny, I was surprised they didn't do an Ernest in Space or something like that. Jim Varney should have stepped in and said something before this movie was made. I mean, if he was that hard up for money, why couldn't he ask the loyal Ernest fans of the world to help him. A sad pitiful chapter in the life of Ernest P. Worrel.
I have no idea why this film, or many of the other Sundance films for that matter, are rated so low on IMDb. It's a shame, because this is a remarkable film. Amber Tamblyn gives the best performance of her career and deserves an Oscar for her subtle, eerie picture of teenage confusion, fear and malice. Tilda Swinton is also very good as the detective investigating Daley's case, and both Melissa Leo and Timothy Hutton give solid backup. See this movie - it is a frightening and eye-opening portrait of real life. ****/*****
i had really low expectation going in.mainly because of the words MTV films appearing on the screen was surprised at how well done this psychological suspense thriller was.i found it very atmospheric,and suspenseful.there weren't a lot of cheap scares.it was intelligent,and well written,in my opinion.the ending was unexpected.i was also very impressed with the acting.Nora Zehetner as Christy was very good,but Matthew Settle as John really impressed.basically,my opinion of MTV films went up several notches after this film was over.i don't get the low rating(5.3/10).but that's just my opinion.for me,Beneath is a well deserved 8/10
I rented this movie because it had Adrian Paul in it, and yes, it did have Adrian Paul in it, but it just barely could be considered a speaking role, more likely hired for his body as he is featured in a couple of nude scenes. I could not believe how terrible the writing was, and the "special" effects I found to be inappropriate as well as damaging to the possibility of being appealing in a "psycho drama" kind of way. If you really want to mess up someones evening, recommend this film to them.
Lenzi has done excellent action thrillers and great gialli, but here, there's nothing worth losing 90 minutes over. Even George eastman isn't very good. And the plot ? An outcast from his tribe discovers the sword ; a beefy hero (steroids were already invented ?) discovers the bow and arrow (though he looks like he wouldn't invent his way out of a paper crate) and defeats him. The end. That's it. No more time too waste on this one. See Lenzi's seventies thrillers with Thomas Milian (one of the most under-rated actors of all time)
This version with Jeff Goldblum is pretty good.It is one of them films where nothing spectacular happens until the end but the end is worth waiting for!Some of the scenes are very similar like the cartoon.Goldblum was the perfect choice to play Ichabod Crane as he is tall and thin!That's all I'll say but if you like The Legend of Sleepy Hollow story and the new film and are able to check this out do so because it is a very rare film and it is a good watch for the mystery and horror fan!
Samuel L. Jackson, Milla Jovovich and the rest display fairly good acting throughout the entirety of the movie, but it seems almost as if the story was written on the fly. The bank rip-off seems pretty well thought through but everything after that just seems like crap, plotwise. On a positive note (at least for us guys) Milla Jovovich is particularly sexy in this movie in her wardrobe and brief Stockholm-syndrome-fling with Jackson. It still burns the hell out of me that Best Buy carries this DVD while Equilibrium was no where to be found.
Well, I didn't expect a great film, and I watched "El Milagro de P.Tinto" and I didn't liked very much, but I love the comic and I had to watch the film. The movie was even worse than I expected, characters only look like comic characters, but their personalities are completely differents, and the director included sexual jokes that you'd never find in the comic. If you loved the comic, DON'T watch the film. If you don't care about the comic and you want to watch 2 hours of easy jokes, this is your film.
MY RATING- 7.3 This one is a curious mov made when James Cagney had already left his crime movs. It also stars the popular Doris Day as the singer who is sponsored by him. Cagney gets his crime movs touches to create a gangster who loves Doris Day in his way. In the end, she'll stay with Cameron Mitchell. I never liked too much Day, cause of her image too `goodie goodie' yet she proves to be a good actress here. She sings some fine songs like one of my faves-`Shakin the Blues Away'.
Time Chasers is probably one of the better movies on MST3K, though the competition isn't too tough. There was actually a pretty complex plot, but it had been done before in Back to the Future. The so-called hero wasn't very likeable (couldn't even drive a car), and the bad guys screwed around, making them not very threatening. It didn't have much for special effects and it could have really used them. The MST3K was great, and it was fun to watch the movie because it was filmed in Rutland, Vermont. I give it a 4/10.
This drama/musical tells the story of young man who moves into a very religious community . The young man is played by Kevin Bacon. He finds out that the local preacher does not allow any music, dancing , fun in his town. Eventually with the help of some friends, he manages to talk the citizens to allow the teens to have a dance. This movie also stars John Lithgow from 3rd Rock from the Sun!!Footloose has awesome sound track , is full of great songs!!!This is one great musical along with Grease in the 1970's!!
You have to watch the odd foreign film such as this to understand just how far Hollywood has strayed from cinematic honesty. This is a simple, beautifully done, superbly acted piece of theatre set in one of the world's least known places, the fog shrouded French island of St. Pierre, off Newfoundland. It's a simple yet gripping film with an intriguing plot, almost a morality play. There is visceral human drama, much mystery and wonderful soul stirring pathos. And how nice to see a movie without the mandatory Hollywood happy ending. A well spent evening!
This movie looks like a bunch of comic book artists decided to make an animated feature, but without bothering to learn how to animate first. It's just a series of junkily animated shorts (adapted from good comic books) held together by a nonsense frame story. Each short is either poorly animated, completely boring, or both. By the end, you won't understand the plot and you probably won't care to. If you're really desperate, you could probably squeeze a little entertainment out of this movie, but you're likely to have more fun taking a nap.
Average road comedy that has average production quality and nothing original or new to offer as all presented here have been done better in other films of the same genre.Although still funny at times and big fans of the lead actors here will be entertained because they will see that they still have their talents in 1999.Goldie and Steve are certainly the main attractios here and they did a great performance.Very funny scenes at the last 20 minutes involving a drugged out Steve.Not a big fan of road comedies and the lead actors?Stay away then.....
This move is quite fun. No award winner but really enjoyable. Kids will love this film but I think most adults will too. Sean Hayes as the evil cat was excellent and quite funny. Yes it was a little hokey but hey, I wasn't expecting anything different. Jeffrey Goldblum's performance left a little to be desired but considering the role, it was allright. Overall I was quite pleased with all the animal characters and laughed quite a bit throughout the film. I definitely recommend this film but try to see it on a matinee.
I obtained this on the VideoAsia "Tales of Voodoo 2" label. No voodoo to be seen, although the eponymous natives were reasonably uncivilised. What do you get from your average cannibal movie and how does it match up? Well I would venture to list and suggest the following: Soggy jungle scenes: present; Offensive animal cruelty: present; Woeful acting: present++; Poor camera-work: present+++ Nudity: not a jot; Gore: present; Plot: the usual. Lawd! This film is desperate. A downmarket Cannibal Holocaust meets Cannibal God. The Indonesians haven't a clue. Watch something else....
I was very impressed by the quality of the dialogues in this movie: very fresh, very deep, very intelligent. The movie is based on a play (the title is "Happy") written also by the director of the movie and this theatrical origin is very obvious and... enjoyable. I really recommend this movie to anyone interested in topics like the emptiness and disorientation of the X-geneneration (Y-generation and so on), urban love stories, conflict of genders, and, above all, human feelings and reactions. Nice movie indeed. IKEA fans and other modernity-addicts should watch it as well.
This is my favorite show. I think it is utterly brilliant. Thanks to David Chase for bringing this into my life. Season 1 1. The Sopranos: 5/5 2. 46 Long: 4.5/5 3. Denial, Anger, Acceptance: 5/5 4. Meadowlands: 4/5 5. College: 6. Pax Soprana: 5/5 7. Down Neck: 4.5/5 8. The Legend of Tennessee Moltisanti: 5/5 9. Boca: 4.5/5 10. A Hit Is a Hit: 3.5/5 11. Nobody Knows Anything: 5/5 12. Isabella: 5/5 13. I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano: 5/5
Extremely well done...In the form that it was, after the event as it were...Quite startling. Many names 'in the know', which added much credence. I was particularly struck by David Kay's comments: Obviously a man of high principle-Presumably choosing David was one of White House's unexpected blunders...I cannot imagine Bush choosing a man of integrity by design! I sincerely hope David has not been singles out for his honesty. I wholeheartedly recommend this documentary to those who wish to know the truth about this abhorrent war & the true reasons for it.
What an amateurish movie. The acting was uniformly stiff and annoying, and the background music was appalling. This movie benefitted from the current vogue for Indy/Gay Cinema, and had it been a movie about a straight cad, it would not have warranted any attention. Moreover, it would be skewered by critics everywhere, and for very valid reasons. I support gay and independent cinema, but not at the expense of credibility. My gay friend and I were happy we saw this movie, if only to repeat its wooden lines and chuckle. This movie is an embarrassment.
With 3 kids (now 16, 13, 11) I have seen a lot of kids movies over the years, this one is pretty funny! Even though my kids are getting older they still enjoy watching this movie, and I do too. The dog is so cute and trained so well that you can't help but root for him. If you haven't watched this one yet, I recommend it for a fun family movie evening. Not only is it funny, it doesn't have all those annoying songs that your kids will sing for weeks on end!
If kids shows were actors, this show would be Johnny Depp. A cut above the rest. The jokes were crazy, fast paced, hilarious and frequent. The plots were imaginative and absurd. The haphazard, child-like style was masterfully used to further the feeling of unpredictability. I think this show is more enjoyable than Fairly Odd Parents, and on par with Fillmore, which is quite a statement. I watched it until I was 15 when it was canceled, and still thoroughly enjoyed it. Anyone younger who didn't like this show needs to loosen up.
I had not seen Dial M for Murder before I watched this film, so I had very few expectations about this film. I felt that the actors did well in the roles that they played, although this is not one of Michael Douglas's best roles (I think one of his better performances was in Romancing the Stone, or Wall Street). Overall this movie was an enjoyable way to pass the time, but not a movie that provokes discussion or debate. I was definitely glad I rented it, rather than paid full price at the theatre.
Very good rhythm, pretty picture, wonderful actors, a lot of humour and some sweet and beautiful moments. So yes, it's a great movie and it's worth to see it! I'm not at all a fan of Claude François (I'm more into rock and jazz) but this movie gave me the will to discover this singer...it's quite weird... Anyway, Benoît is fantastic, very moving. Julie is sublime. Jean-Paul is perfect as usual. And there must be some future cult quotes ;) Well done to all the cast, the crew and Yann Moix! Rad ^__^
The Professional Golgo 13 is a manga-film about an assassin called Golgo 13. Golgo 13 is the world`s greatest assassin, he has never broken a contract, but one day he kills Robert Dawson, the son of an oil-billionaire(Leonard Dawson). Suddenly, Golgo 13 is hunted by FBI, CIA and the U.S.Army. The action found in are explosiv as he¤%, and very bloody. This manga is better than many of the hollywood-produced action-films, this is original and with a superb story. The ending is also very unexpected and innovative. A movie you must see! 10/10
Fleischer's snappy SUPERMAN franchise is as good as I expected it to bethat is, charming and brisk, exciting, thrilling and one of the most delightful cartoons availablein the form of these mindblowing greatlooking short installments. THE MECHANICAL MONSTERS' villain is a scientist who invented a bunch of huge flying robots, used to rob treasures and stuff. I love their discreet but firm way of glamorizing Lois Laneshe's not your everyday average girl next door . Because of shortness, the pace is, as advisable, awesome. The action requires the decided intervention of Superman.
I was shocked to see the viewers at rated this as 6.6 or something. If this is a 6, Gone With the Wind is a 4. A moral conflict that all should be able to identify with. Edward plays the role beautifully, he makes the call or rather has someone else make the call to preserve the status quo but it does anything but that. Anyone else playing the lead it might have been a lesser movie. I was disappointed that it was not on the best 100 movies list in last years pole.
Who's idea was it to give Leo Dicaprio the lead for this film? I would like to know the reasoning behind that selection. Maybe it was the same person who decided that Cameron Diaz should have been given the role of Jenny. Neither one of those two had any business being in the movie. Was New York really that horrible in the 1860s? I'm going to have to do some research to find out. That's really the only thing I got out of the film - an interest in New York during the Civil War.
Edgar Bergen, the ventriloquist, was a big star on radio. This film shows why he and Charlie McCarthy were so popular. Building on their radio feud with the great W.C. Fields, Bergen and McCarthy add their unique talents to this inspired lunacy. Favorite line: Fields has thrown McCarthy into a pit of a dozen snarling alligators. McCarthy: Help me, Bergen! Get me out! Bergen: Which one are you in? McCarthy: Who cares? Get me out of all of them! If you are an old-time radio fan, check out this little
I didn't go into this movie with high expectations, and they were pretty much met. After being really pleased with Queen Latifah's performance in Chicago, I was really disappointed with 'Bringing Down the House'. This movie was just the same regurgitated claptrap as the aforementioned BDtH. Sassy black woman shows uptight white loser how to live. The plot was laughable, to say the least. I chuckled once in this movie, and that's it. I got this as a free rental, and even then, I felt ripped off. 2/10, and I'm being generous.
This is a real hidden gem -- corny, yes, but incredibly charming. One of those movies I can't stop watching once I come across it while flipping around the channels. Most of the comments here echo my own thoughts, wonderful performances and a solid if somewhat clichéd script -- but it works its charm on you! I love the mayor's line, "I couldn't be happier if I were twins." Lastly, it occurred to me that it's like an American version of a great Bill Forsyth movie, Local Hero! Rent that one and see the parallels.
Samuel L. Jackson, Milla Jovovich and the rest display fairly good acting throughout the entirety of the movie, but it seems almost as if the story was written on the fly. The bank rip-off seems pretty well thought through but everything after that just seems like crap, plotwise. On a positive note (at least for us guys) Milla Jovovich is particularly sexy in this movie in her wardrobe and brief Stockholm-syndrome-fling with Jackson. It still burns the hell out of me that Best Buy carries this DVD while Equilibrium was no where to be found.
Save this one for a Saturday or Sunday, you have snacks and beverages and friends nearby. One of the best 80s colleges/sport movies. You wont learn a lot, but you 'll have a lot of fun. If you lived in the 80's this movie will take you back to that era. When the cold beer flowed freely, and pretty girls were all around. Sunshine, water, laughing, and all the college years. Tim Matheson would make an excellent James Bond. He has all the charisma that the Bond role requires. Go Lepetomane!
This movie was very historically accurate, I was impressed. I'm not often impressed by movies...but this got me. The cast was marvelous, the acting was wonderful, and the scenery so beautiful. Maybe because it was shot in historically authentic locations of Romania.(the place where Dracula was born, died, etc. ) The acting was so dramatic and believable that I almost found myself in tears near the end... It also contained(or should I say didn't..) something that I wasn't very used to seeing in movies these days---it had no profanity, no suggestive actions....it was all real.
At long last! Steven Martini, an extremely talented actor who aside from a doomed TV series and a few made-for TV movies, has been lost to me since _Major Payne_ where he blew me away as Cadet Alex Stone. But through an amazing streak of luck, I ran across this movie. It was wonderfully cast, not a single person seemed badly chosen. The whole story was great, and I was even more astonished when I found out the low budget. Let's give credit where it's due and get this in theaters soon! Absolutely wonderful!
Junk Drawer was an excellent portrayal of modern life in a special education classroom. The trials and tribulations of the students and the teacher seemed so real to me. What might have ended on a terribly low note was elevated to personal success when the teacher was allowed to see some positive results o all her hard work. It reminded me somewhat of It's a Wonderful Life with the ending. The entire production was well done and the story weel written. Hope it gets made into a full length movie. Keep up the good work.
This is vintage Mike Myers (has there ever been a bad Mike Myers movie?). Mike Myer's characters, Charlie McKenzie and Charlie's eccentric Scottish father, carry this movie which would otherwise be pretty ordinary. The best moments in the movie occur in the McKenzie household where Charlie's father steals the show. His brutal bagging of William (head) is among the funniest movie moments I have seen. The songs (women women, "if you want my body") provide material for many drunken sing-a-longs. I thought Stevie Wright was also very funny, but the ending was pretty lame.
This delicious, light, romantic comedy is full of surprises and subtleties. Witfully written and superbly acted, it shows why Juliette Binoche is such a great asset to modern cinema. Outstanding chemistry with Reno makes this theatrical play made into a movie a rewarding experience to be treasured. Juliette Binoche shows her talent in a totally different role to most of the ones she has played before, she is a common girl with many problems and yet her nobility and class shine through. If you like Binoche you will love Jet lag. Don't miss it.
Robbie Williams said he grew up listening to this music and it has always been his dream to perform, and what better place to perform these songs then in the Albert Hall. This is a great tribute to the Rat Pack (Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis Jr. and Dean Martin) and Robbie shows us is amazing voice along with a style of music which hasn't been seen from him before. I definetly recommend this to anyone (you can buy it on DVD or VHS) even if your not a Sinatra fan, you'll still love it 10/10
This is a horrible movie. Three stupid white kids who want to be gangster rappers do drugs and dream of moving to the big city. The way the kids act is embarrassing to their family and friends. Their fantasy world of living the thug life comes crashing down when they take a trip to Chicago. This movie is extremely uneven with a slapstick beginning and serious ending with music videos direction sprinkled throughout. This is not funny or dramatic just silly. I don't think I have ever rolled my eyes more while watching a movie.
I was recently at a friend's home and he screened the last 1200' of this feature. Having always been a fan of Geraldine Page, I wanted to see the odd reel. If the whole movie had been available I would have loved to watch it from beginning to end again. This is one thrilling and suspense filled conclusion, and the movie deserves an award for the color, camera work and the writing. Geraldine, though no longer with us, probably got a crown in heaven for her role in this forgotten thriller.
This film is a good,though not flawless representative of the turbulent 1960's south.The character representation is good,though taken to a bit of an extreme in places.Gene Hackman gives another knockout performance here,as he does always as does Willem Dafoe.The cast is great,though Gailard Sartain was a surprising choice as Sheriff Stuckey, given his penchant for appearing in the worst of films.It is based on a true story,and as we all know,true stories are never presented to perfection.It is,however,presented as well as it can be.This is a very gripping,edge of your seat film,and very well done.
Laurence Olivier directed this adaptation of Terence Rattigan's play "The Sleeping Prince" about an American showgirl performing abroad in 1912, wooed by a stuffy prince. Marilyn Monroe-watchers will be disappointed by MM's lack of sparkle here; she certainly looks lovely but seemingly has no connection to this part, and no chemistry whatsoever with mannered Olivier as the starched, though not entirely humorless, royal. The sluggish pacing and overlength are deterrents, although the beginning of the movie is quite bright and the thoughtful, serious finish almost gives the dreary film some actual meaning. ** from ****
I saw this movie for the first time, about twenty five years ago. And every time that I have the opportunity to watch it again, I don´t waste the chance (although unfortunately is rarely show it on t.v.) This film is almost eighty years old, and in my opinion has yet to lose their strong plot history, with Douglas Fairbanks at his top performance and in his stunts.The stages are so impressive.I like this picture a lot more than the 1940 version,that was made with much more resources. I recommend this movie amply. !Good Fun!
Perhaps we have come back to where we started as Jet Li takes up the mantle of the great Oriental martial arts heroes. Li is excellent in his role as the police officer who has come to France to assist the Police in Paris with a conspiracy. Things turn sour for him, and, along with the excellent Fonda [who gets better by the film] he has to take control and investigate for himself or lose his own life. Well directed and with some brilliantly choreographed action scenes, this is definitely one to see.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The story is moronic, the actors are horrible, I don't see anything rewarding in it other than Erin Bartlett's casabas. The way the 2 leads throw around the LOVE word toward the end makes my stomach turn. Was this movie actually written by a 15 year old? Hopefully the 18 year old girls this movie is aimed at are too busy to watch it...its PATHETIC! I'm sorry I couldn't give it less than a 1, because that is overrating it considerably.
After just viewing this film, I found myself appreciative of the attempt, but the sad fact remains: the film leaves you with so many loose ends, you have to wonder why Jeremy Podeswa started so many plot lines to begin with. If this was intended to be a character study, why set up expectations for individual conclusions? Most of the characters in the film end up in the same place they were where they began, but with not a gain in wisdom or understanding. In fact, the audience is left hanging along with the characters.
I have screened this movie for the 4th time. Watching Demi Moore makes it hard to remember she is not acting (re. suspension of disbelief). Jeff Daniels' character plays a good neurotic. On the pro side, I found the direction fair to midland and the supporting cast excellent. The screenplay is sweetly romantic and sentimental. I did not find the theme overtly pro-homosexual. Rather, it was a mature look of life and love and it's happenstance. I would enjoy talking with my youngsters about the film as it embodies life's essentials.
I've read 3 books related to the open source movement - "Just For Fun", "Rebel Code" and "Free As In Freedom". This documentary told much the same story as in the books. However, it was kind of neat to "meet" some of the key players and hear them personally give their observations and viewpoints. It was also neat seeing them "in person" because they portrayed a different image than I sensed from the books. They are real people dedicated to a great endeavour. For anyone interested in open source, this documentary is a "must see"!
I saw this movie when it first came out, and just recently purchased it. It is a movie from the 80's that is just about fun and you don't have to worry about confronting any issues or tackling any controversial subjects. It is just a fun romp into a fantasy that we all probably had when we were in high school, to have some sort of "special power" that made us different from everyone else. I say if you just want to forget today's world just pop in this movie and relax for 1hr 38min!
I am a fan of Henry Miller and have read many of his books. When I saw a DVD of "Quiet Days in Clichy" on my local video store's "Staff Pick's" shelf, I excitedly plucked it off and read the back. It sounded great, an artistic rendition of one of Miller's works. I took it home practically rubbing my hands. As the previous reviewer commented, the acting is abysmal. Painful to watch. What a disappointment. The photography is good. There are some (filming) tricks employed, but do nothing to salvage this failure.
This was really one of my favorite films...serious and well-acted, particularly by Dennis Quaid as Doc Holiday, taking nothing from the other fine actors in the cast. If I have any criticism at all, it would be that it should have been better edited. The last "flashback" scene in the film could have been eliminated and a good portion of the the train station scene when Earp looks for those who killed Morgan and injured Virgil. But then, that is the Director's call and Kasdan couldn't seem to let the project go. Costner was superb.
I watched this movie the other night as there was nothing else on I thought I would give it a chance. Having never seen the first movie the storyline became apparent within the first 10 mins. There was no shortage of action and the plot kept me entertained and on the edge of my seat for the full 94 mins. The mixture of British language and humour I found quite amusing. The only thing that dissapointed me was the ending as I was expecting the story to continue further...will there be a third movie?
Yes honestly, i still feel that SWADES is Ashutosh's best film, Jodha Akbar does not had the soul to hold the movie till the end. the script was not as good as of Swades and Lagaan. Swades hold u till the end of the movie and Lagaan does because Cricket in Lagan was the main lifeline of the movie along-with script Hrithik, Aishwarya acted brilliantly along-with the entire cast Technically it is one of the best which came out of India Cinematography, definitely deserve a special mention along-with Choreography rating 7/10
It was an excellent way to start of the She-Ra series and end the Masters of the Universe. He-Man (Prince Adam) discovers he has a sister She-Ra (Princess Adora)and that Hordak, Skeletor's former mentor kidnapped her as a baby, and raised almost as his own daughter. He-Man's task is to travel to Etheria (the world that Hordak took her to) and give her her own magic sword (called the Sword of Protection) and reveal to her her true identity, the Princess of Eternia, and She-Ra. If you liked either series, it is a must see.
Yeah, the movie stinks. Yeah the plot (such as it is) is a waste of time and the 'characters' act incredibly stupidly and obliviously, but "the only known face..." What are you talking about? Anyone who doesn't know Corbin Bernsen, Stephen J Cannell and Robert Conrad really doesn't have any business judging a B Movie! Heck, half the fun in films like this is watching "big" names embarrass themselves! In short, don't go for the film - go for the joy of watching semi-respectable actors struggle to extend their already far-too-long careers!
this animated offering from Nickelodeon features the Wild Thornberry family and The Rugrats together.now,i know i'm not the target audience,but this is as pretty slow,lame movie.plus,it's so negative.you'd think a movie with these two families together would be pretty decent,but it isn't.i'm pretty certain a lot of kids will find it the same way,at least the older ones.the younger kids might be entertained.anyway,i was very disappointed.for a really great,funny, entertaining animated movie that the whole family will enjoy,try Recess: Schools Out instead and leave this one alone.for me, The Rugrats go Wild is a 4/10
I think this is the most boring, worst film I've ever seen. Absolutely PAINFUL to watch... can see the ratings weighted by journalistic types who simply LOVE to watch themselves portrayed as hardworking, conscientious types---instead of the jack-of-all trades, master of none dabblers who seldom penetrate down to the truth, but rely upon and create imagery having little to do with the reality they report. This movie drags on and on... on a par with "The Frisco Kid" for the perfect drive-in movie where absolutely nothing happens to detract from the "action" in the car!
Boy, my boy. Laughable 'sci-fi' that is a hoot. The enticing Joan Collins plays a shady real estate agent along with a boat load of prospective property buyers attacked by giant mutant ants. The queen ant is housed inside a sugar plant/warehouse where she hypnotizes the residents of the small, remote island community. The special effects are probably up to par for the mid 70's. But this thing is so silly it hurts. Not the best effort from a talented cast that includes Albert Salmi, Jacqueline Scott, Robert Lansing, Robert Pine and John David Carson.
The cover of the box said it was a comedy. NOT ONE funny moment, I assure you. Bad acting, especially the main brunette girl who is unfortunately also extremely uninteresting to look at. Static indoor shots of people standing and talking to each other. (Only one good exterior shot, on the Seine.) You can practically hear the director shouting action at the top of each shot, it looks so stagey. I had no idea the French and American sensibilities could be so far afield of each other. Did French audiences really laugh at this.
This could have been a good film if it had a good director and someone to edit the script. Writer-director Joe Carnahan is a little too enamored with his Tarantino-like dialogue, a little goes a long way. Some of the acting is good, I like Carnahan and Dan Harlan as Danny Woo, but other times it is painfully low-budget. I give the film-makers credit for coming up with some visually interesting ways of filming the violent shoot-outs. Overall, the good bits are just a little too few and far between to make this really enjoyable.
Oddly, Thirdspace comes across more as a remake of 5 Million Years to Earth (i.e., Quartermass and the Pit) than anything. There's an ancient alien artifact that turns humans against each other and causes psychic disturbances. Stracynski's attempt at a Lovecraftian tale is okay, but both somewhat at odds with B5, mildly redundant (aren't the Shadows Lovecraftian?), and at the end goes for a big battle/finish (complete with a "blow 'em up" bomb tactic). Within the limits of a 90 minute movie, and with the obligatory bows to the B5 universe, Thirdspace seems oddly truncated.
I cannot put into word how bad this film really is. It has the sappiest story line I have ever seen, the editing is horrible, and above all, Jeff Goldblum's performance is just beyond bad. He shows up every 20 min. or so and acts amazed, I know that is the only emotion he can act out but it does get annoying. Anyone wanting to join a lawsuit I am filing against the makers of this "film" to compensate me for the cost of the rental and time lost feel free to e-mail me!!!
The terribly slow moving plot and embarrassingly difficult to watch scenes may have been easier to stomach had the acting not been so sub-par, but as it was, it was a struggle to watch the entirety of the film. Perhaps this film may have been humorous circa its production date, but taken out of the context of the eighties, the movie feels outdated, nonsensical, and even (dare I say it!) student-produced. If given the chance, I would never watch this film again, as it was easily one of the worst films I have ever seen.
Dr. Magrew (George Peck) strives to give human attributes to expertly crafted wooden puppets. Emily Harrison who plays Jane Magrew is the bright spot of the movie. But the puppets themselves are the real stars. The killer puppets do away with the bad guys. The action scenes are good, but there are too few to get excited about. Even with the finale slamming the door on you; this mild horror movie is still fun to watch. Peck is less animated than the puppets. Also starring are Michael Guerin, Josh Green and Jason Dean Booher.
Joe threw the biggest bomb of his career and unfortunately it was intercepted by the viewers. This wasn't the stupidest film I've ever seen, but close. It wasn't the poorest performed, but mighty close. It was awfully close to being the most boring experience of my movie career; even Ann M. couldn't help in that area. Smooth Joe just didn't come off as an Hell's Angel type, he's just to nice looking. And that sandwich building crap at the beginning...what amateurism. Get half drunk with some buddies and maybe this stumpwater will be palatable. Maybe.
The story seems plausible, but the dialogue is below average. In all, I found this 'romance' unappealing...something better should have been done with the idea. What a waste. The characters are not well developed and very little romance actually makes it to the stars. The funniest part (and this is not saying much) is that Linda requires her father to deliver all her "Dear John" letters like singing telegrams. Add one more of those and there may have been something to look forward to every thirty minutes.
Of the 122 films I have rated thus far, Nine Months is the first film I have awarded a 1 to. Can you spell WOOF? My husband and I gamely watched the first hour, and finally could take no more. I was disappointed in Julianne Moore's performance, though she did not have much to work with given the awful script. Hugh Grant was whiney and annoying. Not even Robin Williams helped this mess. I could have cared less about Hugh Grant's character's arc; or any other of the rich, spoiled and petulant (supposedly adult) characters.
thankfully ive only seen this movie the one time and that was Plenty enough for me. .it was SO stupid, it wasnt funny.. i would advise NO one to rent this movie..if its available on video.. save Your money and rent either the one with Buster Crabbe.. or the one with Sam Jones.. it was so dumb and i know it was just a take off from the original.. what the heck were the ones that made this stinker thinking?? it made NO sense at all.. just shoot this lousy movie into outer space..
At least some bad movies have *something* in them that you can talk or laugh about after the fact. Some are so bad they are funny. Not Futureworld, my nominee for the worst movie of all time. I challenge you to find me a worse movie. Watching this was agony. I know its a rare sequel that matches anything like its precursor, but man, they could have copied a little of the first one--even a sex scene for cryin' out loud. It's been over 20 years, but the taste in my mouth is still bad.
Dr. Magrew (George Peck) strives to give human attributes to expertly crafted wooden puppets. Emily Harrison who plays Jane Magrew is the bright spot of the movie. But the puppets themselves are the real stars. The killer puppets do away with the bad guys. The action scenes are good, but there are too few to get excited about. Even with the finale slamming the door on you; this mild horror movie is still fun to watch. Peck is less animated than the puppets. Also starring are Michael Guerin, Josh Green and Jason Dean Booher.
This movie is a great Fictional creation (just like, let's say stories made up like in Star Wars or Star Trek) although it lacks in the whole story, characters are clumsy and so on - the movie is OK (3/10). The main subject makes you think about this whole suspended imagination and alteration of reality, for example if the Chinese won't dance the way we intend them to dance, we'll paint them a few movies that will change people's reality regarding the Chinese; great no more wars!... too bad it's just fiction in the end.
Reading the comments written so far I must have missed something as I found "40" to be one of the worst channel four programmes I've ever seen. The story was incomprehensible and totally unbelievable. As for some of the acting and dialogue, I couldn't believe what I was hearing, it was pitiful. It made "Neighbours" seem like Shakespeare! I know we're a bit spoilt with brilliant shows like "The Sopranos", "Six Feet Under" and "The West Wing" but this was not up to broadcasting standards and should have been left well on the shelf. (0/10)
"Boys" tells a flimsy story to which Cochran tries to add mystery by keeping information from the audience and revealing it piecemeal via flashback. Cheap shot. Ryder is found unconscious, after being thrown from horseback, by a boarding school student (Haas) who takes her to his room (yeah, right), instead of the obvious choice, the hospital. You know, HOSPITAL...where you take injured people for professional medical care. Duh. Anyway, this dumbassed flick has a list of negatives too long to go into here. File "Boys" in the boys room and don't forget to flush. (D)
This movie was like "The Disney Channel after Dark." Take out the "aren't we naughty" language and themes and you are left with dialogue and plot devices that insult the intelligence of anyone who doesn't describe "Saved by the Bell" as quality television. The dialogue so laughably cliched and knowingly dirty, one might think the screenplay was the product of locking Aaron Spelling and Joe Eszterhas in a room with orders to produce an amalgam of every bad script each had ever had a hand in creating. If that was Roger Kumble's intention, mission accomplished.
Terrible... Pathetic... If anything, it is now obvious that the cursed city of Sarajevo (and its authors like Sidran) made Kusturica, once upon a time. Without the inspiration from there, he is forced to imitate himself -- as someone else pointed out. If we forget his American adventure (Arizona Dream), the decay of his movies was apparent already when "Underground" came out, but it was still bearable. "Black cat, white cat" was still watchable, though clearly worse than the rest. This one is simply pathetic. Rest In Peace, Emir of Dolly Bell...
Enough already!!! This movie is pretty stinky. The scots' accents are not very convincing, the yanks can't act, the dialogue is creaky, the skunk is stuffed, and the jokes are weak. The only nice thing I can say about it is that it's not quite bad enough to make you stop watching. Oh, yeah, and I like the cheap film stock. To top it all off, the music is by Ed Bogas! Ever play an accolade game from the mid 80's and you'll recognize his work, especially in the "dancing" scene. Sorry, Mack, this bites.
First, the music on this show absolutely unbearable. It is exactly the kind of crud that plagues popular music and ruins any opportunity for *good* music... Anyway, this has terrible acting and no storyline (which are both fine for a kids show). What really makes this so horrible is that it is absolutely nothing more than the unbearably materialistic fantasy of a 10-year old diva. Not good. Do you really want to nurture such aspirations in your kids? I beg that adults show their children true quality programs, not anything like this. 1/10.
This is one of the worst films of the year. There is no screenplay to speak of. There was not enough scares. They didn't need all the gore that they put in this film. The characters are so paper thin that they could float away. G. Rush overacts big time in this film. This was a complete waste of my time. Even the "surprises" in the film aren't clever or they are completely wasted in the next scene. This was a poorly done film with scenes just thrown together to make a movie. AVOID THIS!!!!!!!!!!
The name pretty much butchers this (ahem) movie. Look, Michael Jordan is a great Basketball player & a legend to the NBA (let alone the Chicago Bulls). But he was never a soldier in a war or anything like that. So why would Fox Family intitle this (ahem) movie 'An American Hero'. That Michael Jace character doesn't really look much like M.J.. But the rest of the movie should be at least worth watching. That is, if it's still on T.V. anymore now that the Fox Family channel is dead & gone.
GASP! at the amazing bad acting. FLINCH! at the horrible in-jokiness of it all (Leonard from the village of Vinci?!?). Yes, it's Sword & Sorcery as you never wanted to see it. It's probably Warner's worst movie (beating out Naked Souls), and possibly his worse performance, but he's just not given much to work with here. Sarah Douglas is suitably evil (can't go wrong there), but even she seems overwhelmed by the sheer hokiness of it all. The rest of the cast seems to be out-of-work SCA members. There's just nothing, nothing good about this.
Hey, This Is Funny, but not as funny as some of the other spoofs i've seen (Scary Movie, Student Bodies, Repossesed, Etc...) If I Ever Wanted To Do A Spoof Of Horror Movies, it'd spoof the fact that a lot of movies are out there ripping off SCREAM, like a lot of us are out there ripping off SCARY MOVIE. to sum it up, Rip-offs are Funny, But not so funny. wacth it on the SCI-FI Channel. Go Ahead, Enjoy Yourself, But Keep In Mind: Scary Movie, Scary Movie 2, and Student Bodies Were Hilarious!
Definitely a Saturday night trash movie! A serial killer is knocking off female law students and photographing their bodies as he is a photographer professionally. The beautiful lawyer tries to track him down, the trial is an interesting farce and although the twist was predictable it was reasonably well done. The lawyer's former law school room-mate was a victim, and the victim's father keeps on cropping up with pieces of advice and wisdom ... "You have to trust the system". Perhaps he can be Yoda in the next Star Wars film.
that even my heart went down to 20 bits a minute. But, lets not forget the score. The composer just played a few random cords for 2 hours and... voilá, we had a complete movie! The best extras... the silk worms. I give it a 2 because the photography was OK, though I don't think this is enough reason to make a film of this caliber. If you feel like to have a very, very relaxing, boring movie session, by all means, go to see it. Blessings! ClearDawn*
Sadly, the movie was bad. That about covers it. All the developments can be seen from a mile away, all the jokes are kinda in-your-face and even the special effects weren't so special - actually, the movie could've done without'em. One of my favourite actresses - Renee Zellweger - does a poor job. Hope she did/does it better with Mr. Carrey. Bottom line - the $2 i paid for admission could have been put to better use. If you have to see it - rent it. Pointless to go to a cinema to see it.
I liked the design of the lead character for this film and the basic premise of the virologist bad guy. I also like the always adorable Annabel Schofield. Aside from that the film is lousy. Bad performances from everyone including Ron Perlman, who is usually very convincing in aloof shadowy roles (particularly his TV role as Beauty and the Beast's Vincent), simply underscores the bad dialog, the silly story line, and the listless direction. Annabel seems to have a gift for rescuing really bad films from the absolute dung heap (cf. Solar Crisis).
What you'll find in Charlie's Angels: - Simpering - Hair-flicking - Giggling - Matrix-style kung fu - MTV directing (no shot lasts for more than three seconds) What you won't find in Charlie's Angels: - Characterisation - A storyline - Depth - Anything to think about - Acting Even as popcorn entertainment, it's shameful that such a film could be produced. It's a 2-hour mix of things that are popular, not a film in it's own right. It's disgraceful and quite saddening to see the movie industry reduced to this sort of thing.
"Pet Sematary 2" is a totally unnecessary sequel to the first "Pet Sematary",which has to be one of my favourite horror movies of all time.Instead of suspense it is loaded with gore and repulsive violence.The acting is pretty bad,the characters are one-dimensional and the film is completely idiotic in places(for example how our boys managed to carry the body of Gus through the quagmire?).If you're a gore-hound then you will be able to handle this little flick(there are better gorefests,though),but if you like scary horror movies avoid this trash like the plague.3 out of 10.
This film is based on a great idea, but could have been done much better, perhaps with a larger budget. It is worth watching, and hopefully will open the door for other films to take on this subject. The issues dealing with the Kennedy's were a bit generalized and stereotypical and could have been developed more. To compete with other time travel films, I believe the technology could also be stepped up a notch. While I enjoyed the film, it left me wanting to see a more detailed and better version of it.
I was watching this movie, and at first, I was enjoying it and finding it somewhat powerful. The dance sequences were undoubtedly remarkable and as were the performances. I began to enjoy watching it, but about two- thirds of the way through, I began to get tired of the sappy bonds between Baryshikov's and Hines's characters. Also, the escape scenes give the movie an unneeded "Hurry up, GO GO!" feel to it. It is frustrating to know how good this film could have been with how remarkable the performers are and with its powerful storyline.
I was duped into thinking that this was an actual movie. Had I known it was a tv-movie I would have spent the $2.50 rental fee elsewhere. The jacket of the movie made it look like it'd be funny...but I was WRONG! I didn't even laugh once during the entire flick and I'm a person who laughs during a funny movie, even if its as stupid as watching Wiley E. Coyote blowing himself up! Others may say this is a good family movie, but I wouldn't even let my own kids watch this movie!
This is without doubt one of the worst films I have ever seen. Almost everything about it is awful, especially the editing. This is no exaggeration. Watch something like Nosferatu, which was made in 1922, and then watch this, made over 50 years later and wonder why editing technology hasn't advanced in such a large period of time. The only thing this film is good for is that it's so bad you may have wet yourself by the end (which is crap, as if you had to be told). One of the worst films ever.
For the few who happen to be fans of Peter Weller, this is certainly one to hang onto. A great little film that is just as brutal and vicious as any movie by Paul Verhoeven. I was surprised Verhoeven didn't direct a film like this. A little cheesy, but often times interesting, Screamers is a little film I like quite a bit. The funny thing is, I liked this film, even though I had watched Twelve Monkeys just a couple hours earlier (I did a little theater hopping). A cool little film with a freaky ending.
There's a proverb in Tamil "Kannal kanbadhum poi. Kaadhal ketpadhum poi" It means, "Things u see with your eyes are illusions. Things you listen with your ears are all lies" This movie is like tat... Impossibly the worst movie... I saw this movie... The tile of the movie is "Godfather"... But, the story has no connection to the title at all... Guess, the director doesn't know the meaning for Godfather... TO ALL TAMIL DIRECTORS... BEFORE TITLING A MOVIE LOOK FOR THE MEANING IN THE DICTIONARY BEFORE DOING SO...
After viewing Apt Pupil the other night - and being sorely disappointed/distressed...I wanted to view a "lighter" movie. Well I must say this is one of my favorites now. I'm not one to remember every actor/actress name but the whole cast did a great job. I especially love the con with the computer - seeing as how I work in the IT Field - it was great! When you see the movie remember the very first scene. It is important because it is the reason for everything they do. And sometimes things work out...for the good.
I believe the song title you are seeking is entitled, 'Street Scene', written by Alfred Newman, from the 1931 movie of the same name. The aforementioned film has experienced a Renaissance precisely because everyone wants to know where the Mike Hammer theme originated. It is certainly very haunting, and I personally spent many years seeking out the sheet music, which was very difficult to find in the 1960s. It is a great composition, and I admire anyone's taste in music who has spent any effort to seek out this original classic. Houdini
I finally figured out how to enjoy this movie when I realized it was a cross between a cheesy bodice-ripper romance novel and an Eddie Izzard routine. I wish I had seen it in 3D, at least that would have added some amusement to an otherwise disappointing movie. Although, Angelina Jolie is always pleasant to look at when scantily clad. Wish I'd just stayed home and rented Gia. OH, and stilettos in 750 AD? Whatever. (Lustlimb is how one Beowulf's men refers to his penis when he's chatting up the local serving wench.)
Tremendous Faith shown by a woman who was not sure of how she felt about Jesus until the communist tried to beat it out of her. She had God's divine protection when a firing squad was ordered to shoot her. True story of God's Love in Action Everyone who is not sure that God is real needs to read the book or watch the movie. You will be moved to tears to see that God is still Alive and well and watching over His own. Inspirational, courageous, suspenseful. A great film I give it a 10+
Don't have much to say. Most movies I like I tend to not to try and break down. If you like dragons, darker themes and that isolation feel (like in Waterworld) and you like to think to yourself "that is the most fuel efficient helicopter" (you'll know what I mean when you see it) go then, see it. ;) I gave it an 8 for the original story. Things could have been better handled, but being the genre that it was, I think it got the entire plot off pretty well. I'm buying this one.
Disney has been making what they call "original" movies now for some time. Seems like the craze has caught on. Now Comedy Central, that place we all go to find old SNL reruns, has made a movie. You would think it be funny. I mean, COMEDY CENTRAL making a movie. I thought wrong. Its really pretty boring. Its about a college student who starts a porn club and the problems he has trouble keeping it going. Its not really funny at all. Ide recommend only watching it if there's nothing else on otherwise go rent something.
The geometry of "Live Flesh" involves two eternal triangles which share one man at a common apex with two men and two women at the opposing corners and lines drawn between each collectively representing the spectrum of emotion; love, hate, desire, jealousy, etc. Beautifully crafted, visually crisp, and an intriguing blend of drama noir and artful comedy, this film tells its tale of human relationship entropy with an abundance of verve and style. In Spanish with subtitles, "Live Flesh" makes a solid watch for film buffs and foreign film enthusiasts into tales of human drama. (B+)
There's no question that this film is back in line with what Mike Leigh is known for, excellent portrayals of British working class life. There is no question that much of the two hours is very heavy and somewhat depressing but the character studies and the the focus on the details of the characters' everyday life is stunning. The housing estate in south-east London is not represented in anything other than a realistic way, as is the life of a minicab driver. I highly recommend this film as being worth the effort of watching it.
I was thirteen when I saw this film. Some friends of mine were big fans of horror films. I wasn't particularly a fan but I knew what to expect. "Survival Zone" wasn't at all what I expected. I have a soft spot for this movie and would love the opportunity to see it again. But I'm afraid to say that is because I distinctly recall it as being the worst film I ever saw. I mean....the doll's head on top of the motorcycle...is that supposed to be scary? Evidently it was supposed to be. It wasn't.
Oh my gosh, I just got finished watching this show!! What a tear-jerker!! :( A show like this highlights the AMAZING talent in Canada, that often goes overlooked. Beautiful Kate Nelligan gave a strong performance as always. The whole show really pulled at the heart strings, but the final scene broke me down! Hugh Johnson did a TOTALLY believable job...you'd really think he IS the character, not an actor. He really should become a household name! A superlative soundtrack. A deep story about people, and a little bit of what is now Canadian history. Kudos!
Saw this at our local film festival. Feels very heavily influenced in terms of style and presentation by Britain's Trainspotting - the main protagonist haircut, cachetic physique, overdose scenes, etc. Still, the lead can give Ewan McGregor a run for his money in the acting department. Of course, the story is completely different from Trainspotting. Well constructed and developed story. One can feel the main character's escalating paranoid and eventual loss of control as circumstances and events got too big for him to handle. Was there really such a character in real life? Poor chap.
This made-for-TV movie was so good that 11 years after having watched it I still can't get it out of my mind. The songs were evocative of the World War II era, Courtney Cox played her role brilliantly, and the film/story was inspirational for young women considering non-traditional jobs. Judith Krantz can be justly proud of having written the story, and the film makers did a wonderful job of adapting the book to a movie. What a shame that it is not out on VHS, nor is the soundtrack available (to the best of my knowledge).
This romantic and somewhat humorous drama fails to arouse much interest. I really enjoyed the rain scenes, otherwise it seems the effort was put together at the last minute. A hard luck woman(Robin Wright Penn)tries to make for a better life while her volatile husband(Sean Penn)spends ten years in the 'looney bin'. There is a lot of wasted talent assembled here:James Gandolfini, Harry Dean Stanton and John Travolta. This movie seems to take too long to deliver its message. Not a very attractive story and the strong language needed for realism gets old very quick.
Not only the best hogan film but one of my fave films of all time. when i first watched this with 2 other people i was slightly tipsy....but that just made it better...for 1 and a half hours we were on the floor laughing it's that funny....and the best part is it's funny for all the wrong reasons it's so bad it's great, the dialogue is hilarious and hogans acting is even better. if you have some spare time and a couple of mates over don't be afraid to watch this.....4/5 stars "ANTIFREEZE"
Saw the rating of 6/10 on here and decided to give this a try. Bad mistake! I thought this was the worst serial killer movie I have ever seen. You know it's a bad sign when the serial killer seems more sane than the lead character. The lead character was not very bright nor likable, and I spent most of the movie hoping for her demise. Just because it's loosely based off a real life event does not mean it should become a movie. I would NOT recommend this movie at all.
This short (approx 15-20 minutes) film is right up there with the car chase from "Bullit". If you're into fast cars-this is for you! Lelouch borrowed a friends Ferrari, strapped a camera on the front and took a high speed drive through the streets of Paris at daybreak. Thrilling! Listen as he goes through the gears. We have a tradition in my (British) car club of showing this at the last meeting of the year-and no one has tired of it yet! (Equally as exciting backward as it is forward!) Credits should read-"Sound track by Enzo"!
Many people are down on this movie, but I found it funny and enjoyable. I wish the movie was a little bit longer and there was room for more stuff it seems. Jason Lee does a great job as Brodie the bum Bruce, Jeremy London stinks as T.S. Quint. Mallrats has memorable lines and scenes. Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith are stellar as well as the rest of the cast of characters except for Ben Affleck who I can do without in this movie. I think you will like this film if you enjoy the mall.
For any person that grew up in the late 70's and 80's, like myself, with the notion of punk rock, anarchy, and social dysfunction, I think that The Anarchist Cookbook closely reflects the confused geopolitical ideas that many young people have shared throughout the course of time. As children, truth and justice are basic instincts, until such a time that society impedes upon and clouds the notion of truth through the perversion of the soul. Puck clearly struggles with this confusion as he transitions from child to adult, and explores the sociological gamut.
It is amazing to see all the things you have read all your life in the big screen. It is not only the characters, but also all the background is related to the comic (and all the little details you can find). I had seen no movie where you could find so few differences between the comic and the film (much much better than Asterix and Obelix, where the things look quite strange). And the best of all: The actor playing Mortadelo is really Mortadelo (same face, same voice, everything!! is like the comic).
This movie is so awesome. The anarchy, the insanity and pure emotions unleashed throughout the film. All of these factors make the movie both extremely entertaining and tantalizing. Yes, I agree that this is definitely a morally bankrupt flick, but you actually feel satisfied, and I mean like cartharsis, after the credits that roll finally end(yea, you gotta see the credits too) Above all, this is one of the best comedies I have ever seen in my life so far. And it's got a great soundtrack too :) Go Bulldozer! "I only attack one!"
I too became a fan of this movie (thank you American Movie Classics). What at first appeared to be a run-of-the-mill frontier cabin story turned into an absorbing, well-written, well-acted human interest story with four engaging characters, a beautiful locale (the movie would have benefited from color), and a fine score to boot. The concept of a bonded (indentured) servant added an interesting historical facet. The cast, of course, is top notch. Mitchum and Holden work particularly well together. The film should be a lot better known than it is, and is well worth a see.
This video is first class from first tape to last of the 5-volume set. The narration is thoughtful and thought-provoking and is enhanced by a tasteful, haunting music score. The title is as much a focus on the mind of Stalin as on the events of the war itself. Indeed, we are given some real insights into Stalin's actions that shock and surprise, and ultimately lead to the conclusion that in terms of cruelty and sheer madness, there is little to choose between Hitler or Stalin. A must to add to your collection of Russian history.
Entertaining Hindi romance is really an unauthorized remake of Cornell Woolrich's noir novel "I Married a Dead Man." No matter; it's a good story and works well here, with fine perfs by Rajesh Khanna and Asha Parekh in the leads. A little longer than it should be, but it doesn't drag, and the situation is a hook even though contrived. Then again, it was pretty contrived when Woolrich wrote it. This version avoids the depths of cosmic bleakness in Woolrich's vision and makes for a satisfying entertainer. On the IMDb scale, 7/10 from me.
Just saw the entire Species collection over two days, and i was very disappointed over the fourth in the line. After watching the first 15 minutes i sat the player to double time, and i sure didn't regret it. This movie doesn't have anything to offer, beside nude chicks and brainless "horror". Compared to the three other species movies, this is fare worst. If you have seen the movie "From Dusk Till Dawn" you sure don't need to see this one. Lets all hope the line will end here. blah. blah. blah.
The last stand of Cook and Moore.This seminal work from aussie director and music video legend Mulcahy is a fitting epitaph to the disintegrating comedy partnership of Pete and Dud during the recording sessions for what would later become the ad naeseum album.The film is by and large a torrent of swearing, drunken verbal abuse,and generally obnoxious behaviour documented for public consumption.If you are a christian,a woman or a person of high moral value look away now. In an age of political correctness this film is a huge tonic if you don`t take it seriously. (10/10)
The Forbin Project is a well-done, thought provoking movie. It points out that man's technology could just backfire on him someday. There has to be a limit to how much high-tech "stuff" we can come up with, without eventually getting in over our heads. Also makes one wonder if, maybe, there is a better way of doing things that we just don't want to accept. Definitely not a movie for those who just want quick, loud action, but aimed more at thinking individuals. Sadly, it has kind of gone into obscurity, but an excellent movie nonetheless.
I watched The Insider last night on video for the second time. I have to say that it is one of the best movies I have ever seen, nearly flawless, with Mann's superb direction, frenetic camerawork, brilliant music score, and a phenomenal performance from Crowe as the whistleblower of a tobacco company, defining him as a promising future star. He is always convincing and a joy to watch. Al Pacino is in his typical fiery form as a 60 minutes producer, and it all combines to make this exceptional masterpiece, a great work of genius. 10/10.
After reading the novel, I am usually disappointed by the screenplay, but not in this case. The story is preserved and is magical in this film. Romola Garai is brilliant as the young Cassandra, but all of the characters are strongly played. The soundtrack is fitting, and the settings work well. The characters traits develop smoothly and interact believably. This, to me is proof that with a great storyteller/writer, cast and director, time and care; something true to itself can be produced. I just wish there were more films made to this standard.
SPOILER I think this film should be a classic. The story was very engaging at it moved along at a near perfect pace. Sutherland and Connery were very good together and I was rooting for them the whole time. I think that the big problem with this film that keeps it from being a classic film is the ending. Something much better could have been done rather then them just "getting away" in a very improbable event. I don't know what it could have been done, but it should have been done.
This was great to watch, and as a fan of both the ALIEN saga and Michael Biehn, I enjoyed it a lot. The interviews with cast members like Harry Dean Stanton, Tom Skerritt, Jenette Goldstein and Michael Biehn were particularly enjoyable. I have to admit, it started off boring with "Alien" as the recollections of the ageing producers were not very exciting, but as the show moved on, it became very enjoyable. A rare treat to see Michael Biehn on an interview, especially on british TV, it's about time my idol got the status he deserved!
I've noticed a lot of people here made negative comments about this movie, but I don't see why. I really liked it. I always enjoyed reading Dennis the Menace comics and watching the cartoon in the 80s. I really thought the plot was interesting. I also liked how Dennis kept outsmarting that robber. It's really a good family movie with swear words or anything in this movie, (except for when Mr. Wilson says the abbreviation for 'gosh darn.'). I recommend for the people who disliked this movie to watch it again and give it another try.
This movie is a technical Mess. The opening scene shows the villain holding a modern fragmentation grenade and two minutes later it turns into a WWII vintage "Pineapple". They must have shot these two scenes months apart and obviously they lost the original prop. The doctor doing the autopsy pulls a "slug" from the body and states, "Another shell is found in the lower spine". That would be the first time a bullet "casing" ever caused a mortal wound. How did they use for a technical consultant on this movie, some 22 year old Vassar graduate?
I love this movie! I've seen it about four times, and every time I see it, Ramon Novarro gets cuter and cuter. He portrays the lazy and carefree islander to perfection, and Renee Adoree's performance is as heartbreaking as that in THE BIG PARADE. As a big fan of Donald Crisp, and used to his roles as kindly father figures, the lech he portrays in this film is a bit jarring, but he does an admirable job, considering he was really a big-hearted marshmallow. One of the greatest films in the twilight of the silent era.
Not a bad action/thriller. A bit slow for a action movie, and not quite thrilling enough for a thriller. Still the action sequences were well done and some of the fighting sequences verged on excellent. The story was slightly far fetched and tho the writers tried for twists it was really very straight forward. Jean Reno was good as always and I thought Jocelyn Quivrin was excellent. This movie was like a cross between "the borne identity", "seven" and 100 average cop movies. Worth a watch id you like Jean Reno.
"Life according to Doris" might be an adequate alternative title to this film. Instead of telling a linear story with a showdown, Dörrie spotlights moments in people's life that tell everything about their past, their present and the world that surrounds them. The way she does it puts her in one line with Jim Jarmusch. As in most of her other films, it is what the characters say and do more than how it is filmed what makes the film. "Bin ich schön?" is the closest any of Dörries's films comes to her remarkable short stories.
This is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. First of all, the title is all wrong. The main character is not a nymphoid because, well, she's just not. She is not really a barbarian. She is actually pretty much a wimp. The dinosaurs aren't actually dinosaurs. They're mutated monsters. And the place where it was shot was not any sort of hell; it was actually quite nice. The acting was terrible. There weren't even many speaking parts. The plot was non-existent. I hate this movie with a passion.
I had no idea GoNY was set in the 1800's, and so the film came as quite a shock to me. I had expected mafia-type action but instead I was treated with a fantastic yet dark world of betrayal and blood and an excellent black comedy. The only complaint is the fact that Cameron Diaz can't act! She barely keeps her Olde American accent consistent, and looks way too thin to be authentic. And the lines they give her are laughable at best, sounding more like lines from an essay than an actual person.
I thought this movie was great. I usually don't like Swedish movies (I'm Swedish myself, mind you) but this was great. I like how the past mixed with the future and I thought the ending was really surprising! It's not really a thriller. It's not an action movies. But I wasn't bored. I like the feeling in this movie. It's a story about true friendship. :) It made me somewhat nostalgic. I would really recommend this movie to people who doesn't want gunshots every five minutes, fast cars and explosions.
This movie is based on brazilian best-seller by Drauzio Varella and was directed by Babenco, both excellent. Probably will be indicated for the Oscar, correcting the mistake made with CITY OF GOD, the best brazilian movie until now. It is impossible not to compare both movies. The violence is more real in this one, the corruption of police, the dirty facilities. The prison no longer exists but the murders that happened there will never be forgotten. In spite of 2 1/2 hours, you don't feel the time passing, because the cast and the directing are perfect.
This movie is based on brazilian best-seller by Drauzio Varella and was directed by Babenco, both excellent. Probably will be indicated for the Oscar, correcting the mistake made with CITY OF GOD, the best brazilian movie until now. It is impossible not to compare both movies. The violence is more real in this one, the corruption of police, the dirty facilities. The prison no longer exists but the murders that happened there will never be forgotten. In spite of 2 1/2 hours, you don't feel the time passing, because the cast and the directing are perfect.
This movie reminds me a lot of "Lost Horizon". The scenery is beautiful and anyone that's ever been up in that area can attest to it. It's both a chick flick and a guy's movie because of the great mix of emotion, excitement and action. A couple of things in the movie are a little hard to swallow, but so are a lot of things in James Bond or Indiana Jones pic's, and it never stopped anyone from liking them. Tape it or rent it if you haven't seen it, you won't be disappointed.
I was thrilled to see this great film released on DVD. It's such a shame it wasn't given proper presentation when it was first released theatrically. They have done a fantastic job with the DVD. So many special features. The Director's cut, the featurettes, even a section on the authentic native American costumes, all give a fascinating insight into the difficulties in making a movie like this. My hat's off to Tab Murphy's writing and direction, and of course Tom Berenger (the perfect Lewis Gates)and Barbara Hershey. Thanks too, to HBO for producing a fine DVD.
This is a fantastic movie. I used to think it was too loud, abrasive and most certainly claustrophobic....and at that time it really turned me off. Well, it is all those things...but, it is brilliantly acted by both Segal and Streisand. I don't think I have seen Streisand more natural or convincing than in this role....and in my opinion she's extremely sexy. Originally I faulted George Segal for being so annoying (as Felix)...now, I applaud him for acting the part. There are some hysterically funny lines and situations in this movie. Enjoy
You pretty much have to be Indian to get most of the jokes in this movie. That said, the movie is hysterical. Kris, an 'American-Born Confused Desi' leaves home for college to discover that he's been placed in a dorm room full of Indians; various hi-jinks ensue. He abhors his culture but is forced to learn to appreciate it for the sake of a girl. The romantic elements of the movie are a bit cliche, but on a low budget, it is well acted and executed, considering I didn't recognize a single name from the credits.
This movie really succeeds at one point only, to be a really bad rip-off. The makers of this movie even had the nerve to steal the classic scene from Alien where the creature bursts out from the chest. This movie steals pretty much everything from the alien movies, the look of the monster is also very similar to the monster in Alien. The cast and acting in this movie is at its best poor, you don't really care if the characters get eaten or not. My recommendation is: Don't watch this crap, stick to the original.
CD in LA is not a classic, but doesn't aspire to be, and if you're simply looking for a fun, light-hearted comedy, then this is the movie for you. The plot is relatively simplistic and predictable, but there are more than enough funny scenes and enjoyable characters to counter that. If you enjoyed the first 2 CD movies, than you'll probably enjoy this. Note: I actually wanted to give this move 6.5, but there is no way to do that, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt and gave it a 7.
This is a nice light comedy. If you enjoy the first two Dundee movies, especially the first, you'll probably enjoy this as well. This movie isn't one of the all time greats, but good for a fun evening. A cute movie which deserves a good notch or so above the overall rating here. As another review stated, just don't analyze it as if it were a serious movie and simply enjoy the fun. Personally I prefer this one over the second movie which I thought came off too heavy, took itself too seriously.
High hopes turn into groaning frustration and confusion upon seeing the first (and unfortunately not the last) episode of the latest attempt to resurrect the popular hero. One can forgive the poor acting given the see-and-say dialogue and poorly thought out story elements. However, if your expecting dazzling special effects and quality action to save the day, your better off watching a power point presentation at the office. One more thing; Can Ming be any less intimidating? This version of Flash Gordon's nemesis has all the villainous charm of Bill Lumbergh from Office Space!
Dougray Scott has appeared in over a dozen movies since Twin Town, including Deep Impact, Enigma and of course MI2. It is often said that you have to be from Swansea to truly enjoy this film, and while this is probably the case, friends of mine from all parts of the UK seem to enjoy it for the fun film that it is. The most memorable quote from the film for me: "Here's twenty quid, now go and buy yourselves a nice big pot of sticky sticky and f*** off back to noddyland"
GhostWatcher is a great horror film. It's very scary, with alot of good "jumps" and goosebump moments. It's an "edge of your seat" movie. The story is intelligent and well thought-out. All three actresses deliver terrific performances. This is the first film for aspiring writer/director David A. Cross, and he's done a fantastic job. The movie has only been in limited release (a few horror fests, some individual showings at area movie theatres)...I'd love to see it released on DVD & video, so more people can experience it. If you love scary movies, you'll love GhostWatcher.
This movie is quite simply one of the best I have ever witnessed. The historical events portrayed in this film are extremely accurate and provide the viewer with a window to the past without actually being there. But just like any other movie, it is also very entertaining and keeps you in your seat from beginning to end. I have seen all the other war movies, and along with "The Winds Of War", "War And Remembrance" is a very good history lesson and by far the best movie depicting World War Two you will ever see.
Aided by saloon owner Marlene Dietrich, John Wayne and his cantankerous partner Harry Carey Sr. battle claim jumping of the legal variety, perpetrated by villainous bureaucrat Randolph Scott. A sometimes painfully slow first half, partially due to Dietrich's role being stretched out to fit her top-billed status, is redeemed by an engrossing and exciting second half, including a rousing climax at Wayne and Carey's mine and a helluva great fist-fight between the Duke and Scott. Harry Carey easily gives the best performance of the film. He and his rifle steal every scene they're in!
I wound up with this movie on one of those dubious £3.99 four-packs full of 'films you've never heard of'. And, well, on a slow Sunday, I treated myself to the experience... And, frankly, I was more than pleasantly surprised. Snappy banter plus strong performance from the leads made up for a transparent plot and lackluster 'action' sequences. Gangsters, reporters, dames in distress (and even a particularly dismal 'car chase scene') - all the traditional trappings of the 'noir' genre, but given a slightly humorous edge by Ayres' enjoyable performance as a wise-cracking reporter.
This movie, in my opinion, is one of the better Haunted House/Ghost movies I have seen. The acting was alright, and I did enjoy the story, sure there were a couple predictable moments but there was also a few surprises thrown in with a bunch of very creepy/eerie moments, which include a freaky looking Clown doll. This movie did manage to create an eerie atmosphere which also helped it out. I gave this movie an 8 out of 10. If you are considering renting this movie definnately rent it, you will not be dissapointed. ********
This story follows Richard Eastwick through 3 generations of trying to better himself, and his family. Children, and wives depart many times before his life comes to an end, he seems to blame god for all his misfortune, and god does win in the end. We see drama through drought, famine, 2 wars, there is rivalry unsurpassed, and he has a poem, I only wish I could remember it to put on here that sums his whole life. I really do want to buy this film, so please if you have it contact me.
The fact that this movie was allowed to advance past the "script writing" stage is beyond me. If I could vote it 0, believe me I would. Watching paint dry would be a more cultural experience. They actually re-created scenes from existing comedy movies & virtually did them note for note. Can somebody explain the word parody to the film makers??? Some of the acting was quite good, it's just a shame that they had so little to work with to be able to assist with making this pile of junk watchable.
What a fascinating movie! I loved the style and information. I saw the short version and hope to one day see the longer version. What even the most ardent supporters of the lone-gunman theory cannot say about this film is that it was made based on conspiracy beliefs. On the contrary, every bit of dialogue is based on actual testimony and telephone recordings of the persons portrayed. Director Mark Sobel is neither a lone-gunman theory supporter or conspiracy/truth theorist. Sobel has taken quotations from the historical record and organized them into an outstanding film.
I fell in love with this movie because of its brilliant actors, beautiful photography, intense atmosphere (ranging from serene to depressing) and last but not least because of the main musical theme. During the credits at the end there is an extra goody: THE song is performed once more - this time by Heather Nova. It has been released as a single cd in Germany, but I could not find it anywhere in the U.S.A. during my vacation. So now you know where you need to search. See this movie, you will not regret it!
The dark and ominous music was the highlight of this exercise in predictability. In Poe's original Morella, the narrator's wife dies giving birth to her daughter. In this mediocre modernized telling, Morella is a genetic scientist who creates a clone of herself before dying. While Poe's text was full of eloquence (The days have never been when thou couldst love me- but her whom in life thou didst abhor, in death thou shalt adore), this script is driven by pretentious voice-overs. The movie tries too hard to be moody and creepy, and ends up being cheesy.
This film is dreadful on every level. It masquerades as cleverly thought-through juxtaposition and story. When it's nothing more than a bloke with an idea and a corpse he feels the need to bury. Written by the genius that wrote Amores Perros, translated into vapid nothingness by Hollywood. The squandering of what was doubtless a brilliant script. Watch the sunrise instead, or watch this film and pause a moment to write a review that actually explains why you think it's actually good. Without looking for theme, symbology and story that isn't actually there...
This movie attempts weave 5 stories into one but fails miserably*. The supposed link is to 9/11 but the link is actually missing. The references to 9/11 are so subtle as to be non-existent. I viewed this movie on DVD it features the ability to view each story as a contiguous whole. After watching each story individually to try to understand the point of the movie I realized that the movie is pointless. *(For a good example of how to weave together stories, see "Love, Actually".) Don't waste your time with this movie
Much as Nuovo Cinema Paradiso was about hope, in an environment that Tornatore knows very well (Sicily), this movie is about bitterness and the absolute lack of hope. Tornatore shows his deep contempt for the ultra-Catholic, yet totally inhuman, NE of Italy. Whether this contributes to make this movie a masterpiece is rather questionable, however. Characters are paper-thin, lots of unnecessary brutality is displayed, to cater to some type of thrill-thirsty audience, I presume, as it would otherwise be entirely unnecessary, Nuovo Cinema Paradiso was a brilliant masterpiece. This one ain't.
I took a gamble by renting this one DVD - it certainly had potential, with the good storyline and great actors (Madsen, Hopper). After 15 minutes however, things really went downhill and it became obvious that this is a total Tarantino ripp-off. The story is very similar to True Romance and the music reminded me of Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction - except that these weren't the original tracks from the 70s :) It's really a b-grade ganster movie with none of the subtle filming or dialogue we get in Tarantino's movies. 4/10
If you want the real version of this over blown American clown act, watch William Wylers' 1944 version - the true story of the 'Memphis Belle'. It's amazing what Hollywood will do to distort history and mock its' veterans, all for a buck. Well it must be the American way! Younger viewers will be beguiled by the nonsense, however older viewers with some sense of history will recognize this movie for what it is worth. Don't waste your time! However, if you don't want the truth, then put your mind in neutral and watch this movie.
Wim Wender's spectacular "Wings of Desire" was made into an unintentional parody by Brad Silberling. As his second film, he had the extremely difficult task of making an exceptionally well received German film into a palatable form for American audiences. Well, he blew it. Nicholas Cage and Meg Ryan were not properly cast. Making her a cardio-thoracic surgeon (a heart doctor) is totally assinine and to be exceptionally beautiful on top of that? Yeah, right. What was Silberling thinking? Lord only knows but I have to say. Forget this one. It is a clunker beyond belief.
I have no idea whether this was an indie movie (or even what the definition would be), but it was pretty pathetic. The plot was horribly slow, acting was horrible... I'd call it a bad B movie, but I think it was trying to be artsy. Only the fact that I'd forced my g/f to rent it (thinking it would be a great B) kept me watching the whole thing. If a plot won't go anywhere, at least make it intellectually stimulating (like Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead). Truly one of the worst movies I've seen.
I'd seen the page for this movie on IMDb almost 2 years before I finally got to see it. I loved the cast members...Jennifer Ehle, Jeremy Northam, and Gwyneth Paltrow, so I figured it was going to be good. But it was only so-so. It was very disappointing. I liked the love story between the two from the 19th century (Ehle and Northam), but the modern story wasn't all that interesting. I am sorry to say that this one is only mediocre. See it if you must, but I've seen all the leads in better roles.
When I rented this movie, I had very low expectations......but when I saw it, I realized that the movie was less (a lot less) than what I expected. The actors were bad (the doctor's wife was one of the worst), the story was so stupid...it could work for a Disney movie (except for the murders), but this one is not a comedy, it is a laughable masterpiece of stupidity. The title is well chosen except for one thing: they could add stupid movie after Dead Husbands! I give it 0 and a half out of 5.
This was so Hollywood. Julia Roberts goes to Mongolia... What can I say, please Julia, stick to your role as a shallow actress, you play that role good. However, that role doesn't quite fit in this so-called documentary about Mongolia. Julia goes something like: "There are no fences here, the horses stay because of respect..." Well, in my opinion, the horses stay because they are in need of food, which they get from the horsemen, the law of nature or something. Anyway, I kind of liked her acting in Pretty Woman, just to say something nice.
A poorly written, directed, and acted fluff with a couple of laughs. Kirstie Alley supplies the film's only electricity. It follows a rich New York couple evading the IRS, as they hide out in the home of an Amish family (a la Witness). The humor sprouts from your basic clash of cultures fare. The forced sentimentality is dredged up as the New Yorkers realize they may have something to learn from the Amish. Actually, a fairer treatment of the Amish than most films. However, why one of them has a French accent is beyond me.
I've seen all that's in this movie once before. Matrix-hitech, Sliver-watching, BladeRunner-lighteffects, Seven-atmosphere. But few effects and clearly 0.0 CGI included. Weird characters that don't interest or appeal to me. The why/who/when/where part stays unclear. It's an art-house kind of movie with a few familiar faces. Not easy to follow, and no block-buster-kind of movie that everyone will (or can) enjoy. Was there a plot anyway, one should ask himself after watching. The box-plot sounds interesting, but never becomes interesting. Any suspense? Yeah, in the soundtrack. Keep your skip-button within reach. * out of *****
I was surprised to see the wide range of opinions in the other reviews of this movie, from "terrible" to "brilliant". I go with the former. From start to finish this movie is uninspired, unfunny and just plain silly. The plot is a weak mixture of implausible and meaningless. Apart from once or twice, I laughed _at_ the movie, not _with_ the movie. The twist at the end doesn't explain much and just makes the movie that much more random. This is a strong contender for the worst movie I've ever seen. Totally pointless.
One of the pivotal events of European history, the English Civil War, is treated with an indifference to reality that surpasses insouciance. The frustrated viewer may be forgiven for concluding either that neither producer nor screenwriter had read anything relevant beyond a short encyclopaedia article or two (though, doubtless, both looked at many an illustration of the time: costumes and sets are largely accurate) or that both deliberately chose to reinforce the stereotypes to which the ignorant subscribe (Parliamentarians were dull, bigotted fools; Royalists were noble and brave; etc., etc., etc.). A thorough waste of time.
I looked at the box and saw a sexy glamorous woman with a gun and thought she was going to go around shooting people and that the "unexpected plot twists" meant something like Pulp Fiction. This is not so -- this movie is mostly about a bizarre friendship and a bizarre romance with some nasty violent scenes thrown in. I found it mostly slow and occasionally creepy (watch out for the Irish Terrorists), and I think that in dividing itself between the male bonding and the love story it failed to make either part very compelling.
Save your money! Save your eyes and ears the indignity of watching or hearing this film. Any jokes they thought up were one-liners, which were promptly turned into entire scenes or musical numbers, thereby killing both ideas stone dead. The sound cut out at the showing I saw. Strangely, this made the experience less appalling for about ten minutes as we didn't have to hear the awful dialogue - the audience were coming up with better jokes themselves. The studio would be best advised to release a single DVD of this, and microwave it.
Well, this wouldn't have been an outstanding movie if this had been one of the last z movies to be released on French screens. It was just before the cinema crisis in 1985-86,a crisis which put an end to all these poor quality products. this film released in France under the title of "Prisoners in the valley of the dinosaurs" is a mixture of adventure (Indiana Jones was quite popular then), erotica and cannibalistic violence. of course, none of these movie genres are successfully adapted. it's just another curiosity for bad movie buffs.
Simply put: it has no soul. It is devoid of character and suffers from being overdesigned and grossly underwritten. The novel and the 1980 PBS version are full of interesting, curious "character moments" and have a healthy sense of wry humor. This version has sacrificed everything--everything--that made the novel and the earlier version so wonderful, so human. George Orr is a mannequin. Lelache is a complete cipher. Dr. Haber exhibits none of the eccentric egomania that should be driving his character. Lest you turn into a pillar of salt like Lots' wife, avert your eyes...
A few days ago we got a coupon in the mail that said we can rent up to 3 movies for $0.99 each.So we went to the video store and I found this movie called The Shunned House.It looked like a pretty good movie from what the box said but i was sooo wrong.The movie was sooo boring that I fell asleep within minutes.The movie tries to scare you but it fails to.So if u see this movie at ur video store do NOT get it.I cant believe I wasted $0.99 on this piece of junk.
I have seen this movie in about 1988 or 1989. Typical 1980's bullshit. Apparently one tried to get some success out of a plot very similar to "The Delta Force", another patriotic piece of propaganda. Don't get me wrong, I don't like Arab terrorists at all, but the typical black and white portraiture of demonic Arabs and oh so heroic Americans is too silly. Well, the typical audience in the Reagan area probably liked it. Unfortunately those 1980's "The-American-Heroes-go-in-and-smash-those-Arab-bastards"-flicks got some timeliness in recent years and might even find some new audience that wows on it.
Once again we have to deal with Mr. Grubin's use of mundane metaphors. How many times do we need to see the sun, moon, or a galloping horse? Show some faces for cryin' out loud. Obviously Mr Grubin had to fill up his 6 hour doc with idle images because he couldn't use stock film footage they way used on his other docs. Too bad. The documentary could have been a good one. It is Mr. Grubin's worst film so far. One note of interest, Tom Haneke's editing for the first couple of hours was superb!
Gotta tell ya, folks...i was really pulling for Brad Garrett, but this show has "mid-season cancellation" tattooed all over it...Garrett is one of those guys who's funny standing still, but even he's not going to be able to dig his way out of this level of sub-standard writing...the whole premise is DOA...Fox broke some ground with "Married With Children", but this reconstituted substitute of a remake is 20 years late and as tasty as margarine.... As Elaine Benes herself might have said, "Next!!! (Please excuse this parenthetic.........Nothing really more to say...just satisfying IMDb's 10-line minimum..)
I had to struggle to get through this one. Louis Gossett Jr. (An Officer and a Gentleman) was the only reason I tuned in. he usually does a great job, and he really wasn't all that bad in a poor vehicle such as this. This is one of those films that you need a bucket and a gun before you watch. That is to either throw up or shoot yourself if you can't escape. The mummy was pathetic, there was little horror, and the ending was a mess. Stay away - far away.
How do studios give the ok for movies like this? I can make a better script on one sheet of paper. Let's cast an annoying kid and so so stars (David Warner and the guy from Spin City) and have a stupid story during the times of knights, but there will be no sword play in the movie, but there is gunplay. The only thing that made this movie watchable was the gal who traveled with the annoying kid and Leonardo. She was a very attractive lass, but her acting was as bad as everyone else.
as aposed to what many people think this is not the sequel to Ninja Scroll. even though the characters names are the same they look nothing alike, it isn't the same person. to the review. I hated this movie. I had to struggle to get through it. for one thing, this kinda stuff really happened. stuff as in the Christians being killed by the Japanese. they took a real historical event and made it into a very fictitious thing. plus it just was a bad movie. it was pointless gore and poinless nudity. 1/10
From the trailer, this looked like a very promising horror/comedy. Sadly, when it came to viewing the whole thing, the horror aspect was played more prominently than the comedy. This a the major tragedy because the so called 'horror' was so very lame and the scope for physical comedy was barely tapped. So, despite some sublime moments of black and/or physical humour (most of which was seen in the trailer), this was just another gormless collage of tiresome in-your-face 'scares' & body count, lame dialogue, and juvenile innuendo. For tasteless teens only -- 3/10
This feels very stilted and patronizing to a great extent. The whole plot is extremely forced - especially the "gallant" effort to save the college from ruin, and the moralistic overtone (especially by the leading lady) grates a bit. But there are one or two comic moments that do help relieve the boredom, and the dancing is quite fun (especially for alleged amateurs - ha, ha!) The shop proprietor and the young guy doing spectacular tap dancing were particular highlights. And I liked Peter Hayes impressions of Charles Laughton and Ronald Coleman as well.
This has to be one of the worst films ever made. Plenty of Spencer Tracy shouts of "Men..do this" and "Men... do that". You can understand why there's a load of "pull together for King (Vidor) and Country" patriotic gibberish cos it was made during the war. But it doesn't excuse it anymore than you could excuse John Wayne's cringe fest that was The Green Berets - made during the Vietnam war. In essence, gung ho nonsense that could only ever appeal to white American males running about the New Jersey countryside playing at toy soldiers.
As with the sequel to THE GODFATHER, they all said it couldn't be done, but the makers of the RETURN TO THE BLUE LAGOON really managed to make a sequel that's even worse than the first one. Again some bland teenagers (one of them the son of the couple from the first film) strand on the same island, try to survive, fall in love, make love and so on. Essentially a remake, rather than a sequel, this is probably one of the worst "teen" movies ever made. Still, it has Milla Jovovich being young and pretty.
Holy crap this was one of the worst piece of cinematic trash I've seen in a long time. The is no point to this movie what so ever. No one will shut up in this dumb movie. It also uses repetition constantly though out the movie. It also uses repetition constantly though out the movie. It also uses repetition constantly though out the movie. It also uses repetition constantly though out the movie. Get my point? Why does anyone care about this movie? There is no competition between this piece of crap and The Blair Witch.
"Wow,a completely unknown title.Nobody ever heard about it.It will be probably a great horror flick!"-I thought when I prepared to watch this one.Was I disappointed after the projection."Fear Runs Silent" is dull and confusing,the characters are annoying and one-dimensional and the film is relatively gore-free.If the movie ain't gonna be scary,at least they should make it bloody."Fear Runs Silent" tries to be more psychological rather than typical,but fails miserably.OK,there are some good points especially a wonderful location sets(a snowy mountains,forests)-delicious!All in all,I was really disappointed with this one.This is not completely bad picture,but isn't good either.
this movie has elements of other movies,some better(Cujo,Man's Best friend)some not as good(Rottweiler).the idea of a group of people stranded on an island and fighting for their lives is nothing new,either.this particular movie doesn't really add anything new to the genre.it's also pretty slow,with not very much suspense or tension.yet i found it just interesting enough to be entertaining.by entertaining,i mean,i think's worth a cheap rental,and i wouldn't buy it unless you can get it cheap.for me,the movie held promise,but just didn't deliver.i wasn't overly interested in any of the characters.for me,The Breed is a 4/10
This is Lance Henriksen's best performance to date, and he's done some amazing work (but some horrible movies, but what of it?). He's hypnotically possessed as the Grand Inquisitor Tourquemada (sp?) who falls for the "beautiful, virginal, ...innocent..., etc" helpless women who is only trying to help her husband. She really is nothing more than a pretty cipher willing to undress onscreen, but it gives Lance a chance to show off his tortured, sexual side. It's quite a doozy, his performance, and he should get the recognition he deserves. One aside: Lance looks good bald, doesn't he?
As the title says, this movie IS excess baggage in your video collection. The idea of the film isn't (at) all bad, only the resulting movie just lacks about everything in all areas; the dialogue is horrible, Silverstone is no actress and by the looks of this film will never become one either. Benicio del Turro oughtta be ashamed of his work. Never in the film does one believe in the relationship between the two main characters. As a matter of fact, I could have said it better in one brief statement: don't watch this film. Period.
Enjoyable musical comedy with a predictable Americans-in-exotic locale plot, but it's all done in a fun way and with great music, besides. Some good dialogue and well done characters by Astaire, Rogers, and Dunne, who looks as lovely as she ever was and sings the show's more operetta style songs (and thus its best, since we're talking about the great Jerome Kern). She's romantically paired with Randolph Scott (!.... sorry but this takes some getting used to for western fans) who plays a football player with gusto! Some nice dance sequences supplied by Astaire and his partner.
Buñuel weaves his tale of a jilted (attempted) lover quite effectively until the conclusion which was a little far-fetched despite complimenting the theme. What starts of fairly slow and uninteresting soon naturally evolves into a suspenseful and psychologically taxing study into the obsessiveness behind relationships and how that plays out between the two sexes. Much has been made out of Buñuel's use of two different females to interchange with the lead character, although anyone who has researched the film knows that this was unintentional and has no greater meaning then necessity despite wild fan theories.
Words cannot describe this movie, it must be experienced! Things to watch for: the explorers climb a cliff with no supplies, but somehow a huge tent filled with sleeping cots is set up in the next scene; the plane diary is in English in a Chinese movie and although the jungle girl can only grunt, she can read the handwriting in the diary with no trouble; the "costume" she wears keeps peeling off when she runs...you can even see some of the glue peeling in a couple scenes; AND, the tree-climbing scene is NOT to be missed!!!!!
This movie about what at the time was considered one of the most horrific murders ever because of the circumstances, was a waste of time. Helen Hunt was game in the role of Pam Smart, but everything else in this movie was so terrible. Chad Allen as her teen lover was an embarrassment, I couldn't see any reason why they would go head over heels for each other in real life by the way these two actors went pedestrianly about their way. A very big waste of time for anyone who watches this after reading this review.
Well. I have to say I saw this film when I was 14-15 and I found it amusing. It is based around a group of teenagers who gather and play an adventure game together. They try to find the ultimate game and finaly they find a very exciting one that sends terrorists to targets. They seem to have full control over this terrorist network indeed. By coincidence they find out that the terrorist acts they plan are executed for real! Nice twist, but the movie is definetly dated and it hasn't age well.
If, like me, you liked _Love and other catatastrophes_, then you'll probably like this too. It's not quite a sequel, but it does follow young Aussies thru the period just after college. It concerns three fairly likeable guys and three not-unattractive girls in this in the awkward but enjoyable phase of life, and views their often quirky attitudes to relationships with a non-judgemental eye. It's full of humour, and it's only major faults are that some of the characters and plotlines are a bit cliched and you can see the ending coming from a long way back.
People are way too hard on this movie. The acting is better than average and action is awesome. This alone makes up for the weak plot and so so special effects. And it moves at such a pace that it is impossible to be bored unlike Star Wars Episode 1 where I sat through that entire pod race scene wondering when it was going to end. I'm not saying that this is better than Star Wars but I could watch this movie over and over which is something I couldn't say for Star Wars. (***/****)
Many people complaints about the ending of "El día de la Bestia", most of them are north Americans, used to no-thinking Hollywood plots/endings. Well, for all of you from me, with love: If you look with attention, you'll notice all over the movie a group of racists who kill homeless and foreigners. Those are the "devil's henchmen" (one of them the "devil" himself) It's a metaphor, WE (human race) are the "antichrist", there are not supernatural entities such as gods or devils, certain human behaviour is what father Berriortua ends finding as the "devil" Regards
This documentary are very fascinating and interesting, because they have found so much fact about Titanic, passangers and the crew. It is also fascinating when they shoot the real Titanic on the see bottom. James Cameron has made a brilliant documentary about Titanic. It is both fascinating and captivating film which show how the pass-angers and crew made their best to survive the disaster in 15 April 1912. Ghosts of the Abyss is a film you must see and will to imprison your heart. Titanic sank in North Atlantic about 100 years ago.
"Moon in Scorpio" is one of the worst slasher flicks I have ever seen.Everything in this picture is by-the-numbers,and even undemanding horror fans who only ask for competent gore will be disappointed,as the numerous murders(mostly stabbings and throat slashings)are practically anemic.Shot on a very low budget,the production values are almost nonexistent and the story moves at a snail's pace.This is truly bad horror film full of meaningless scenes which do nothing to the plot.The acting is completely awful and the direction by Gary Graver is even worse.An absolute trash-avoid it like the plague.My rating:2/10(for some nice murders).
I have recently married the most gorgeous man ever. I have corrupted him by encouraging him to drink absinthe and fall in love with jean Arthur and Norma shearer. one of his favourite seduction was the Robert Montgomery- Norma shearer "private lives" but tonight... but tonight we shared our very own discovery. the Lubitch masterpiece 'DESIGN FOR LIVING' I had never seen it, but I know that there is no coward only Hetch, but who cares? it is a wonderful film with wondrous performances and a classic in so many ways. Brian
Definitely in contention for first place for "Most Unashamed Use of Stock Footage in a Motion Picture", along with Jackie Chan's "Master of Cracked Fingers". We see unconnected scenes from a dozen Roger Corman epics thrown together willy-nilly - including shots of George Peppard from "Battle Beyond the Stars" and even a repeat of what must be the most re-used scene in stock footage history: David Carradine's "Fight with Mutants at the Well" from "Warrior and the Sorceress", "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom 2", et. al. Maybe five minutes worth of original footage in the whole movie.
Nothing wrong with the choice of actors, but the history itself was underutilized. The rape of Boudica's daughters were overemphasized to the point of trauma to even the moderately sensitive viewer. Just knowing that the girls were raped was enough. The producers didn't have to actually show quasigraphic on public television. Basically it would be called disgusting. Anyway, the fighting was well done, but teh ending was too abrupt and left the viewer wanting to know what happened after the battle. All in all, the show was about 90 minutes. I was at best disappointed.
I investigated this a possible movie to show to my Latin students about a strong female hero. Unfortunately, it proved completely unsuitable. Disturbing battle violence, a scene of full frontal male nudity, a very graphic and prolonged gang rape scene with thrusting and screaming, and an unnecessary sex scene between Boudica and her lover after battle. I didn't even get to the part where Nero has graphic sexual activity with his mother. No educational value, no entertainment value. Avoid for students at all costs! Even lovers of Alex Kingston will be disappointed.
I still think of this, one of his first movies, as his best. Here Cantinflas' explodes with comic genius. He fully develops the under-educated but always noble, kind-hearted delinquent he is that speaks his mind, only to the confusion of even the most highly educated. The courtroom ending scene also establishes the formula for a bunch of "mistaken identity" plot movies that follow. The "Bobby" scene at the beginning makes you howl with laughter. The portrayal of the absurdities and paranoia of the upper class let every working-class bloke bellow out loud as well.
I highly anticipated this film, as it received mostly great reviews & was given many award nominations. What I saw was a picture post card of beautiful Paris & surrounding areas, nicely acted by all. BUT where oh where was the story, The film ran over 2 hours, That was 40 minutes longer than it deserved. When are we going to see films about happy nice people living their lives & not neurotics like displayed here. This was supposed to be a comedy & I hardly laughed lightly more than twice. Rating **1/2 78 points IMDb 7
But I haven't been able to find it since I was about ten years old, which was eight years ago. Still, I remember that I was awed by the invisibility cloak, have the "Mio, my Mio" tune stuck in my head now in then - the one that gets played on the pipes sticks there too at times - and frightened by the ending battle scene. and children being turned to crows, and the bread, and...ok, I'm going to stop before I give away too many things. A great movie to see if you ever find it.
Unbelievable that a movie like this has been produced in 1999; if it had been from the sixties I wouldn't have been surprised at all. It is full of cliches, it is terrible predictable (I watched it together with a friend and told him exactly who would be killed and in which order by the time they arrived at the lighthouse!) and awful music - completely identical to the kind they used to use in the earliest horror movies I can remember. I really can't think of any reason why someone might want to see this movie.
This was the greatest movie I have ever seen. I used to hate the go-bots but have come to love them since seeing this. The Rock Lords and Go-bots form an alliance that proves that good things can come from bad situations, a must see for any child or adult that loves childish things. This maybe be hanna-Barbara s greatest accomplishment to date. Anyone who wants to recapture there youth and vigor will enjoy this movie immensely. I suggest it for people of any age. A must See. I give it a 10
glad to see here that I'm not the only one already hooked after just 3 episodes. I've tried to explain to people why they must watch it, but the only way they will understand is to watch it! Its hilarious: terrible acting, atrocious script, wobbly sets, appalling dubbing, and some very alarming wigs. And lots of slow motion (well, its hard to fill a half hour slot with story all the time) I'm looking forward to saying 'I told you so' to lots of people when they 'discover' this show in 6 months!
I love Linda Howard's books, (although I found 'Loving Evangeline' less likeable than any of her others, and the lead character Robert Cannon an unredeemable rake) but as the previous reviewer said, this movie is crap. There is absolutely no similarity between the book and the movie. Even in it's own right this movie has a total lack of redeeming qualities. I feel like Ms. Howard deserves an apology from the producers for doing such a thorough hack job of her book. If you have the option pick up another Howard book instead of watching this nonsense.
I would have enjoyed this more had it had all of her videos from the era on it - most notably, it's missing the very memorable "Erotica" (according to rumor, in order to avoid a Parental Advisory label.) However, the DVD is still very much worth owning for any Madonna fan - her genius for visuals is at its peak during the videos from "Ray of Light," especially in "The Power of Goodbye" and "Frozen." This collection definitely showcases her at her best, during her later years, and the visual effects are superceded only by the music.
I love horror films and blonde hotties. I got this to see Jennifer Lyons but was disappointed to see no breasts and she was not too sexy nor could she act! This movie was ridiculous after the rave party It went on and ON CHEAP and predictable Didn't look to bad but the rest of the movie and the killers were played out fast. People running around tring to kill for what reason? Devils Cult? The ending was pretty good but this movie took too long to get to the end.. And Jennifer didn't look that great
(spoilers..within) My first of kukunoor and a great experience. The starting scenes are great..the dripping blood scene..and "Naseer in bank " scene....cinematography is great. The storyline is good ..though a few things are adopted from "shawshank redemption"..movie has it's own identity. A few scenes will leave u thrilled ...like the flashback scene in which Naseer noticed that Juhi was also in the court room....and the starting scenes b4 casting. jackie, juhi are good...and Naseer, wat can i say??..Nagesh is ok types,,but a good director. Nice work...a must see.........Bollywood is learning junta..cheer up!!!
I've been forced to watch this so many times that I know it inside and out, and I've hated it from the very first time I saw it! The songs are outright stupid, the acting is terrible, and the only thing that keeps me from writing hate mail to who or whatever is responsible for this movie is the brief appearances of Julie Newmar. Stubby Kaye wasn't so bad, though his character, "Marryin' Sam", became more irritating as time went on. Unless you're *really* bored and you don't have MST3K: The Movie on hand, AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!
What a load of c***! The acting was lousy, the special effects could have been done better with a fork and bucket of water, as for the scenery well they could have at least done the house up a bit....Too much swearing and a on going plot that never develops were too much for me!! Even though I just managed to watch it the whole way through!! The end was rubbish too!! The acting could have been made better if monkeys were the stars!! What c***! 2/10 and that was only because the beginning was funny!!
Very entertaining action, once you get past the "believability" problems, i.e., terrorists getting on the plane at all, the plane having an on-board armory, Secret Service agents' inability to shoot accurately, etc. Acting is good enough that you care about the characters. As others have noted, the CGI aerial sequences sometimes have the aircraft moving in unnatural or impossible ways, and this is visually jarring. (After the touch-and-go, Air Force One turns a 180 almost like a helicopter) I gave it a 7 out of 10 - not brilliant, but makes for an entertaining evening.
I heard this movie sucked. It did not. It is not great film, but it is good film. The homage to the 1970s was there, the little "film buff" touches that remind one of urban horror's roots as far back as nosferatu. this movie could easily have been a sell out, with Bones as "Snoop da CROW" with the vengeance thing, but it did not. the only "bad horror" gimmick was the last 4 seconds of the film. I expected a crappy horror movie. This beats urban legend or scream 3.
I'm not sure if the movie was initially meant to be a HORROR movie or a COMEDY. With that said, this movie one I would never recommend - EVER. I enjoy the horror genre, and even the "funny" ones but why movies like this were ever made frightens me. This one particularly lacks acting skills, the director needs to go back to school and the special effects artists work here is an utter joke. Back to the drawing boards guys. Hope this movie was your FIRST attempt. Thank you drive through.
As a die-hard Hitchcock fan, I reluctantly watched this film expecting a less than commendable remake. To my utter surprise, I was more than wrong. This film was very well made. It effectively brought Dial M into the nineties. The plot was actually plausible. Another surprise for me. After hearing the difference between Perfect and Dial M I thought it outrageous, but it works. Douglas and Paltrow's chemistry make the couple seem truly what the screen portrays. This movie was indeed a pleasure for me to see. Like Hitchcock's films, I'll watch it over and over again.
The Story about a boy-genius who wants nothing, than being a normal boy, is a well played and charmful story. The Boy is played by a real-life-boy-genius who plays the piano amazingly. Grandpa is the same actor as "Hitler" in "Der Untergang" and shows herewith his incredible talent for various roles. The Movie has no gunfights, carcrashes or nudescenes. Its a simple, heartwarming story, which takes you away from the fast and hectic daily life into a almost 2-hour-story, which is nothing but good and charming. A silent movie, but nevertheless a real good one.
This is a delightful movie. The concept, REALISTICALLY speaking, is ridiculous. Of course it is! So trying to rationalize how Johnny could have met up with Samantha and gotten her to fall in love with him, or how Johnny and his mother could exist in a little "bubble" of the 1920s is counterproductive. Take this film without questioning it too deeply... suspend your disbelief. If you can manage that, you will discover this to be a charming little film that is well worth watching. The period language, dancing and music were a real treat.
A very good comedy, able to refresh anyone under heavy stress, acting three good stars Cary Grant, Irene Dunne and the "cowboy" Randolph Scott, who in fact did a little as a supporting actor. Irene is a dead wife who came back to her home and family, and found his husband (Cary Grant) married to another nice lady. However, Cary simply loves his real wife, so the problem was how to get legally rid off the new wife and to come back again to her real one. The law, obviously, has the last word in this matter.
I've seen this film this evening with my wife and I'm very perplexed about it. I think John Landis is near a genius - The Blues Brothers are there to show it - but this is a tired film with some great gags. The cast of characters is very good and Dan (Aykroyd, obviously) play a splendid cameo but I'm not satisfied at all. I understand that directors are not always thinking about a masterpiece but some more diligence would be appreciated. However - Landis is Landis - your money and your time will be well spent.
Broad, flat comedy is straight off an assembly-line. While on his way to California to practice plastic surgery to the Hollywood stars, a doctor gets stuck in a backwater town and quickly falls in love with the lovably uneducated, unspoiled yokels residing there. Another ridiculous comedy posing as a sentimental valentine to Hicktown, U.S.A., based on a book by Neil B. Shulman. Michael J. Fox (looking bloated and sleepy) struggles valiantly through it, and supporting players Woody Harrelson and Frances Sternhagen give it a little juice, but this screenplay leaves everyone stranded in sitcom-land. * from ****
Love the small town movies,I'd Love to live in one.This town used to be small,but now it's competing with Larger towns.Doc Hollywood is a favorite of mine,Because the actors can play small town people,(Like fictional Mayberry.)Big city Doc finds Love in small town.Lou Looks great in the dress and hat,when she's in the Parade,Definitely Someone I would fall for.Great Characters,Typical Small Town Friendly people.Michael Fox is Great in this Movie.Too Big for a small town doc,But finally Fits in .He realizes He Loves Lou,But Leaves To Hollywood ,But Small Towns are far better Than Large Cities.(My Opinion).
It's true, this is not a well cast movie. Matt Dillon seems to schlump through it, and has very little chemistry with Annabella Sciorra- HOWEVER! The supporting roles are delightful. Mary Louise Parker, so good in Naked in New York and Fried Green Tamales, shines here and makes you wish she'd played the lead. As does Vincent D'Onofrio. The guy who directed The English Patient made this many years before, and he's obviously become a much better film maker. This is a remake of a foreign film, I think from Brazil, but it doesn't really come together.
At first I believed this was a SILENT OF THE LAMBS ripoff, and not a very bad one, and I even wondered why it wasn't more famous ,or at least somewhat famous. Then I saw why:--because it's too lousy;--because it's so ridiculous;--because it's extravagant in an overcamped manner. Because that kid is so annoying. These are several causes. It's a HOWCATCHEM, so overthetop and bombastic as to be ridiculous. It plumbs new depths of rubbish. The script is bad and stupid, the kid is annoying. What's ultra disgusting is Scott Glenn's cult actor prestige.
A fourth year film student with a chip on his/her shoulder will probably tell you that this film is simple, uninspired, derivative, gratuitous..... ignore him/her just like you always do and see this genuinely funny movie. It has an inspired performance by Willem Dafoe and enough new ideas to keep you glued. The social commentary should probably be looked at as more of a plot device than intelligent thought, but I found myself watching this movie repeatedly and enjoying it more the second and third time around. This is definitely a naughty pleasure for the movie enthusiast.
A very good comedy, able to refresh anyone under heavy stress, acting three good stars Cary Grant, Irene Dunne and the "cowboy" Randolph Scott, who in fact did a little as a supporting actor. Irene is a dead wife who came back to her home and family, and found his husband (Cary Grant) married to another nice lady. However, Cary simply loves his real wife, so the problem was how to get legally rid off the new wife and to come back again to her real one. The law, obviously, has the last word in this matter.
One of the most memorable of short films, UN CHANT D'AMOUR is also one of the most controversial. Made by the famed gay writer, Jean Genet, it is set in a prison and features uncensored homosexual scenes which may cut a little too close to the bone for some. If, on the other hand, you're not a homophobe, this is a beautiful and cinematically wonderful experience, with the same kind of magical attraction as Jean Cocteau's ORPHEE or LA BELLE ET LA BETE. Highly recommended for people with open minds, regardless of their own personal sexual orientation.
It's hard to concentrate on the many worthy aspects of this film (the naturalistic acting, unvarnished inner London) when trying to keep one's stomach settled. The hand-held camera thing is getting a little old (at least for me) and when combined with the arty fuzziness and the lousy print (Odeon Victoria) I couldn't enjoy this the way I should have. Great to see Canadian Molly Parker carrying off her role with aplomb, however, and Ian Hart remains as convincing as ever. In fact, every actor is superb. Think I'll try this on video on my 20" telly...
I think the title of the film about says it all. The plot is more linear than "Touch of Satan," but that's not saying much. Main villain is a decrepit old lady played by the lead (male) actor. Whatever bombproof plexiglass the windows of this house are made of, I'm sure the Secret Service is looking into acquiring some. Long story short, this is one godawful film. That does not mean it cannot be enjoyed. It will ensure that you never undertake a home restoration project as long as you live .Watch out for falling hands.
I really enjoyed this movie and have recommended it to many people. The acting was excellent, the writing wonderful, with believable, interesting characters and plotting. All in all, a first class production. I thought the director did a superb job giving enough location shots to make you swoon while allowing the actors do what they do so well. Plus the intrigue of wondering about the likelihood of all the events that transpired was provocative. If you're over 30 and have a single, adventurous bone in your body, not to mention a romantic one, you'll love this movie!
this is definately one of my favourite movies and in my opinion, Mike Myers' best movie ever made. I just about know every line off by heart now thanks to DVD. This movie doesn't rely on bodily function jokes (ie Austin Powers ), but on a very clever script. The casting was great and I loved and laughed at Alan Arkin, Michael Richards, Phil Hartman and Charles Grodin in their small, but effective roles. I found it funny and enjoyed the twist at the end. Do yourself a favour, please rent this one out.
This is the only version of Jane Eyre that I've seen yet. I am reading the book now and the very dialogue of the movie is from the book. It does skip over her childhood, but if they included that it would be way too long. I wish that I could get it on video. My dad made a recording of it when it was on Masterpeice Theater on KQED a long time ago, but the tape is very bad now. I'd absolutely LOVE it if they could release it on video. The whole cast is excellent.
Okay fine the title is a little cheesy but regardless this is one heck of a good movie with a great performance by Gene Hackman. Now what I really found interesting about this movie was that in a way the director and/or writer tried to make a statement by saying that racism is taught. Which I belief is true! There is this great scene where the two agents are viewing a film of a KKK member, unhooded giving a speech while you see little kids walking around dressed like the clan. Interesting huh? 3(***)out of 4(****)stars
I was a bit disappointed in this movie, I guess my expectations had been built up a bit by what I'd heard and read about this film. It is a clever, well produced movie - no question. However, it is also quite slow, and has no real resolution. In the end, all I can say is that it feels like a waste - of a clever idea, of good writing, of a very talented cast - because nothing really happened. Worth a watch but not worth the 7.8 or so it's currently rated at. My vote: 7/10
Kurt Russell plays a Miami reporter who starts getting calls from a serial killer. The killer wants stories written about him so he gives Russell inside information about the murders, but soon it's Russell who's the celebrity. Unfortunately this interesting theme is wasted and the movie soon settles into mediocrity. The script has all the usual predictable plot devices that are supposed to lead us to the big "surprise" ending. Russell is very good here, as is Richard Jordan, who plays the killer, and in the end these performances are the only reason to stay with it.
No, this isn't Madagascar, Lion King or Shrek. Not even Peter Pan or Cinderella but this film demands the respect of something created in 1939. That's right '39! Not 1989, 1979 or even '69. I'm amazed and the amount of effort that must have gone into this animation. I'm curious to know if Gulliver is rotoscoped. The little people are obviously traditional animation but there is definitely something different about Gulliver. For an excellent verion of Gullivers Travels including all of his travels (not just Lilliput) catch the made for TV version starring Ted Danson.
I think that this is the best computer game ever made. It was very hard to stop playing this game when once started. Really liked this game because of the great story. This is absolutly a game for people who like mystery and adventure. A lot of great puzzles also, so you have to use your brain very much. You play as a P.I named Tex Murphy in the year 2042(or something like that). You're hired to find a man named Thomas Malloy... but that is just the beginning...everything becomes more complicated than that...
The special effects and make-up are well done. The plot is standard. Characters are really fun, especially the priest. But the main girl and guy were a bit of a bore. As if cast only for their looks (which is usual, but at least look for a bit more, right?) The Scarecrow is funny and entertaining. He could've easily become one of those horror film characters like Leprechaun, or PumkinHead, or Jack Frost. But not exciting enough to become a Jason, or Freddy. Not much to say except i enjoyed it, rather than getting just plain bored.
OK, so the stars are a poor (very poor) imitation of Martin & Lewis. Yes, the movie is a lot on the low budget and bad side. Yet, it's Bela Lugosi! From great movies like Dracula, Island of Lost Souls and The Black Cat to bombs like Plan 9 from Outer Space, Bride of the Monster and Mother Riley Meets the Vampire, Bela makes it worth your time in one way or another. I like this film. It's silly and not very good, but it makes me laugh. Therefore, I'm entertained and that's the whole idea.
This is my game."Rudra's Treasure" is one of THE best R.P.Gs out there that never made it to the west! This game has everything an RPG fan wants.Great chara development outside the battle planner (Especially me and Garlyle and all the heroes.),Excellent storyline (Amemiya-sama!You ROCK!),wonderful Soundtrack and not to mention....the KOTODAMA word essence magic system.Yes,the system that lets you litteraly spell out your own magic spells.The flaw was that we did not get our own limit break-like moves.Oh Well,I've talked too much. If you don't import or download,you are missing out on a great game!
This show goes by like a gust of cool wind. It feels good, but before you know it, it's gone! I wonder what G. T. was thinking when he made this series so short? Each episode only 5 minutes long! You want more, a lot more. Besides the length, the style of the series is very lush, artistic animation. It has the epic feel of the movies, along with the humor that G. T. used in Samurai Jack. He uses almost cinematic shots with epic scores. The characters are interpreted nicely, with the essence of them intact.
Floricienta is a must see series which shows you many problems of teenagers and have fantastic actors like Florencia Bertotti,Juan Gil Navarro,Benjamin Rojas,Diego Messaglio and Camila Bordonaba.Floricienta also have much fun and i recommend this series to everyone for the reasons that i referred.This series is comedy and romance and i think that the acting of Florencia Bertotti is fantastic and she is very attractive.The names of the characters are Floricienta,Federicco,Franco,Mathias,Delfina,Maia,Niko,Malala,Bata and more. Another similar series is Rebelde Way with Camila Bordonaba,Felippe Colombo,Luisana Lopilato and Banjamin Rojas.These two series are made by Cris Morena and RGB studios.
This disgraceful presentation deserves a score far lower than the allowed minimum of 1 out of 10. Filmed on what seems to be a cut-price video camera, it was of a standard that a troop of baboons with a drink problem could comfortably have bettered. The splendid video jacket fooled this punter into forking out a couple of pounds that would have been far better spent on going to the dentist of having colonic irrigation. If the maker of this complete junk is reading this, I hope he blushes with shame at his involvement in this garbage.
I gave this movie a two which is the exact age you would have to be to enjoy it. I am a huge fan of japanimation and animated features in general but this film(if that is what you call it)is just a lame attempt at selling merchandise to young kids. I went along with my seven year old thinking maybe there would be something in it I could enjoy. The animation itself was good, which is why I gave it a two, but after a few minutes the lack of substance made my wish it would end.
I couldn't believe I sat through the entire movie only to see her end up with her loser ex-husband. The ending was so unrealistic I feel I wasted two hours of my life watching that trash. I walked out after that, but I hear there were several more minutes of worthless filler afterwards. 7 years of trying to get a divorce, 8 months of being with "Prince Charming", and she gives it up after being in Hickville for a week?? Give me a break, not to mention giving up her New York lifestyle and future career.
It is impossible to review this film without comparing it to Alfred Hitchcock's 1940 version. This production has no romance, no mystery, no suspense, and no atmosphere -- all of the things that made Hitchcock's version a masterpiece. The only thing that makes this film watchable is Diana Rigg's new take on the character Mrs. Danvers. I found her to be the only believable character in the production -- different than Judith Anderson's interpretation nonetheless, but well done. If you've never seen a film version of Rebecca, watch the Hitchcock version instead of this one.
The kind of film that earns "European films" the bad rap and bad rep the get from a lot of people these days. I had the feeling the film was written to showcase the music, not vice versa. And since you can't write a terribly compelling film about training vocalists, we're trapped into watching seemingly endless camera pans of trees, birds in them chirping ad nauseum, pseudo-profound, meaningful stares between people who have nothing to say to each other, and a Mahler symphony on the sound track that just simply won't go away. A terribly tedious film.
Tragic yes if you look at what happened, but like many documentations made for TV, this one fails miserably. The plot is based loosely on the actual case by what was shown, using the most catchy of scenes and then over-glorifying them. The acting, atrocious. Pin the blame on the bumbling cops who are trying to solve this murder. Are they really cops? The guilty couple who committed the crime was okay, but suffers the same glorifying effect. It doesn't make them tragic, it makes them inane. Bottom line, not a very good drama. 4 / 10
An interestingly boring film which I managed to watch all the way through. I don't know how I did though. The acting was appalling and the story line was mediocre. A story of a man who was taken from his family as a baby and turned into to a human telepathic machine where he can move anything with his mind. He escapes and finds his sister and they run form the army and a select few special ops officers. Only watch if you like bad acting. I mean that!! My rating - 3/10
This made for TV movie plays it way too safe despite good tries by Fawcett and Bergin. The story of a woman and her down syndrome child should have been moving, but there are no surprises, and the whole two hours dwindle away to a conclusion that will make you wonder what the point was in the first place. Ill conceived soap operatics involving Jewel's other children are boring, and does anyone notice Fawcett does not age in the entire sixteen years the film takes place? A disappointment in its pedestrian execution. I give this a 3.
Of course, "Flatley" is already not exactly the ideal name for a dancer, but I think Michael is really pushing the irony envelope with this new title: "Feet of Flames" One really can't resist recommending Desenex Foot Spray to the retiring (and clearly, ailing) Flatley. I might add that, much like that cheering London crowd (per review below), I too am enthusiastic about this being his last live performance. "Hinting that it may be his last live performance, Flatley is cheered on by an enthusiastic London crowd." ~ Perry Seibert, All Movie Guide
Evisceration like the sound of it? There's plenty! There is a scene where the sheriff and 'crypto zoologist' are in the woods - 'listen - I don't hear anything - that's what I mean, no birds, no insects, something scared them off...' If you listen, you can hear birds above the obvious noise of traffic from a local highway. Too gory for the young, too campy for the intelligent. Sam Raimi beware - someone is trying to bump Evil Dead from the #1 campy horror slot. Light hearted fun, bad acting.
What were they thinking when they accepted this script to be made into a movie? What were they thinking when they agreed to act in this movie? And I use the word act loosely. What was I thinking when I rented this movie? Oh, yeah, I remember. I saw all these names that are supposed to have talent. The acting & script are not stale, more like rotting. Well, at least they got the name right. This is looks like a movie, and calls itself a movie, but trust me, it is not. 2 out of 10
House 2 is not at all a sequel to the first one. Different story,different house, different actors. And this one is not as good as the first house. House 1 tried mixing humor with horror. This movie is just plain humor which is not even funny for most part and not least bit a horror movie. The whole plot and movie is goofy and rolls non stop action. If you loved wackiness of the movie "Big Trouble in Little China" then you may want to check this out. Otherwise one of the worst movies I ever saw.
I usually do not make comments on movies but this one is so bad that I felt I had to. This movie's plot was poor and very unbelievable. There is no way that anything like this could happen in the "real world" which is what makes it such a poor movie. To add insult to injury, the writing was horrible and the lines poorly written. The only reason I watched this movie to its conclusion was to see just how bad it could get. This one is definitely a turkey so don't waste your time with it.
Nutrition-ed with radiation while in outer space, wasps mutate into giant wind-up toys that mimic a groaning sound like motocross bikes after being sent into orbit on a V-2 rocket during an entomology experiment. Jim Davis plays several rounds of pocket-pool before he decides to hoof it across the African wilds to try and locate the monsters so he can destroy them. Barbara Turner tags along looking appropriately concerned, though she isn't much help. Rather empty science-fiction/horror/adventure story bridged somewhat by Davis' narration and Turner's fixedly grim expression, though well-directed by Kenneth Crane for California Studios.
Jeff Chandler is 'Captain Hawkes' of the 'U.S.S. Belinda' and he doesn't take any crap. Hawkes wants a taut ship and he'll gladly keel-haul anybody who waxes the wrong floors or throws metal objects across the room. If Hawkes has any short-comings, it's when he brow-beats the men and has half the ship's shore patrol laboriously construct a sailboat for the purpose of building 'morale'. A bit silly at times and Hawkes' head injury is a boringly unwelcome subplot, but ultimately an OK World War II naval drama. One of Chandler's better performances.
Have you ever flipped around at 3AM looking for a movie? If you reach "recatuma", flip on (it will never be shown at any other time, I'm sure). I've nothing against gutter humor, e.g., "There's Something about Mary", or the "American Pie" series, but "recatuma" is just not funny. It looks like the product of two 8-year-olds who got their hands on a camera. It's beyond me how this movie has one of the highest ratings I've seen on IMDb (votes by the director and friends?), but this movie seriously makes me question IMDb ratings.
If you are a Tolkien fan, don't see this. If you are not a Tolkien fan, don't see this. For the time, the drawings and animation are slightly above average, but very unrealistic. The battle scene is a bunch of dots sending flecks at each other. The accuracy to the book was barely there. The elves sounded and acted like refugees from a WW2movie, Words and names were mispronounced. And Smaug was an Oriental dragon. The only person who seemed to demonstrate any knowledge of the book at all was Richard Boone, who did an excellent job.
This movie was one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. I was very disappointed, I love Psychological thrillers, but this was far from that. Although Shue did a decent job in the movie, it couldn't save the fact that it was a horribly written movie. The story literally went nowhere, leaving me frustrated and annoyed. Many questions were never answered, and the character development was almost non-existent. In the future I will think twice before ever seeing another Isaac Webb movie. VERY DISAPPOINTING MOVIE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
This movie is alright if you've got the remote in your hand in order to speed up the many painfully slow shots of people walking. (Perhaps I could have appreciated the photography more if the music wasn't so overbearing throughout). I really like Elisabeth Shue, but her lines were especially unnatural sounding. You can't make Jessica Lange look plain - it's not possible. But, kudos for trying. Most of the acting was actually fine, but the story line and some of the editing choices kept this movie from ever achieving any real since of rhythm.
This movie starts off OK. The book it is based on is a classic, the design work is interesting, the special effects are pedestrian by today's standards but perfectly adequate. Then they started changing things in nonsensical ways. Extra plots and sub plots are added, Verne's original novel emphasising exploration is set aside in a convoluted story that involves revenge, father/son conflicts, bionic limbs, and an attempt to make all the fault lines on the planet go off at once. I stuck through with it to the end, but I wish I hadn't. Avoid this one.
A miserable sex "comedy." It's plot-less (the idiotic IMDb spell checker insists on the hyphen in "plot-less"), endless, and painfully dated -- though it's hard to believe it was remotely funny even in 1972. "What?" is a pathetic soft-porn version of "Alice in Wonderland" that fails as both parody and comedy. It's sad to see Marcello Mastroianni wallowing in this mess. This is Polanski's worst film by a wide margin. It makes "Pirates" look like "Seven Samurai." (This is not intended as an endorsement of "Pirates," which is eminently mediocre by normal standards.) 2/10. Ghastly.
The plot twist in this movie is almost as well executed as the one in the Crying Game. The characters are gradually developed through intricate dialogue, leading up to the moment of truth for our protagonist. I especially like the way the director juxtaposes the innate goodness of the main character with the cold and inherently evil society in which he lives. This is given new meaning at the critical plot point which I described above. The Gibson-esque qualities of the setting are absolutely chilling. Anyone who claims to be a sci-fi fan must see this movie.
In "Red Letters", Coyote is at the vortex of as a college professor who writes to a female prison inmate and gets more than he bargained for. There are two reasons to watch this flick...Kinski is one and Piven the other although it's difficult for their sparks to shine in such a complete directorial disaster. Everything is wrong with "Red Letters"...convoluted, lousy screenplay, camera, editing, and most of all acting which is subpar for Coyote, etc. Battersby has taken a story with potential and turned it into a seriously flawed and amateurish flick not worth the time.
have you ever been embarrassed for the actors while watching a movie because the movie was SO BAD? this is how i felt during down to you. i couldn't believe how badly put together this movie was, it was like i could see them writing the script. and then there was just this incomplete story feel to it. and it all makes sense because the same person wrote and directed it. i really wanted to like this movie because freddie and julia are cute people but my god... no way in hell. bottom line: avoid this movie!
I should have seen this ambush coming, from the very first office/room whose walls were constructed out of curtains. This movie, amongst others, was required pre-school for mega-talents to come, eg Edward D Wood Jr. Actors walking past painted backdrops, actors arriving through one curtain, and leaving by another, characters finding it difficult to get in & out of cars, none of this is an element of making fine films. It is however, common place for a movie made on a budget shorter than a shoe-string. A movie only for those who collect quantity, rather than quality.
The accolades for this movie are proof positive that the key to good reviews from pseudo-intellectuals and film critics is bombastic pedantry intertwined with flagrant homo-eroticism. This film heaps annoying precocious display upon annoying precocious display, culminating in the stereotypical homosexual fantasy: everyone desirable is gay or suppressing their gay tendencies. Most of the historical, literary and movie references will sail over the head of the typical viewer, which would be perfectly fine if the material were not so ham-handed, campy and pompous. A few good performances, but all-in-all a disappointing piece of gay propaganda.
Ummmmmmmmmmm, may I ask why this, THIS "movie" got over the 5 rating? This movie is preachy and laughable bunk! I read reviews on it, it either was good or bad.I got confused,so I watched it late at night one day. GOD,DID THAT MOVIE REEK! They have so much stock-footage from war films or from "National Geographic" specials.Yes, I have also seen the Japanese version too.It's not any better,they too sound like they are reading the scripts STILL. I don't think this is a movie at all.This is a big waste of stock-footage.Nothing more.
(SPOILERS!!) This film is boringggg and baaaddddd.....Bad acting,bad camera,BAD JOKES!!!!!!!!!!!Bad music,bad script,bad everything!!!!! One of the Troma's worst films(not has bad then "Rabbid Grannies"). The dude is a very sheep clone of Bruce Campell, and the blonde chick is look like a street whore... This film is really bad, and the jokes are...well AWFUL!!! The Director should be in prison for life, just for doing such a bad movie... I like Troma films,like "Tromeo and Julliet", "Terror Firmer" and "Toxic Avenger", but "Blonde have more guns" is a terrible stupid comedy with no sense at all....
Boring. Boring. Boring. Sure, some of the shots looked sort of pretty, but not unlike all the other films you've seen dealing with this period. Nothing new or interesting happens, so you can't even call the film daring or interesting. Some people will call the film well made (even the ones that don't like it), but what does that mean? If nothing interesting is shown and you care about none of the characters, is a film well made because it looks like it costs a lot? No, this film was badly written and directed, let's face it.
in very simple words the worst computer animated movie of all time it was horrible beyond imagination it should be given a rating of R so that no child has to endure the pain of watching this movie only 3 things happened!! the opening scene, the baseball scene and the alien scene It was so pathetic, this as to be Disney's lowest point. the funny thing is that they expected to receive 350 million for this movie Watching this makes me the wonder what happened to the good old animated films
Just looking at the video box, which features a young woman with an axe raised in the air, you can probably guess what the film is going to consist of. Although the film isn't really ever boring and moves along at an average pace, the utter cheapness of the production pretty much sinks the whole affair. In contrast to that, one could say the sparseness of the production contributes to the overall detachment, the girl being alone at the farmhouse with the 3 killers. One of those "either you like it or either you hate it" low-budgeters.
one word describes this film "rubbish" if you've got a couple of hours to kill, please do something else rather than watch this sad excuse for a screwball comedy. There's no plot to the "film", Sanjay Dutt's character is extremely annoying far more than the Aussie chap in Salaam Namaste. I came away with a bitter taste after having watched this, surely the actors read the script before even agreeing to appear in this film? Forget get "straight from Cinema to DVD" It should be straight from cinema to the dump. Totally unforgettable rubbish.
Brooks revisits classic horror territory after Young Frankenstein; this time it´s Dracula who gets the Brooks treatment, but this poor spoof is evidence that lightning doesn´t strike twice. Although the movie is beautifully photographed, looking almost like a vintage Hammer movie, there are barely any laughs. Leslie Nielsen is not quite up to his usual Frank Drebin deadpan comedy routines, and even though Peter MacNicol delivers a note perfect Dwight Frye (Renfield in the 1931 version), as well as good turns from Harvey Korman and Brooks himself, the final result is depressingly unfunny. Hilarious stake-through-the-heart scene, though!
This show is so full of double standards, hypocritical characters, and holier the thou attitudes. I can't even watch a commercial anymore. The way the parents spy on their children and their ridiculous over the top reactions is laughable. It they are "moral", than I don't know if I want to be in that category. It is kind of scary to me to think some people actually think these are good people with good morals. I am not surprise that most of the children have flown the coupe as fast as they could.
Every marine should see this movie? This was the same horrific crap that television execs put out every weekend. The real Drill instructors were very realistic of course. But the senior drill instructor was obviously an actor and not a good one at that. This movie was somewhat realistic but that ain't good enough. No movie can break down recruit training to the bare essentials in two hours, unless it was directed by me. The fake cheesy corps values that were portrayed were an insult to all marines. You are Dismissed recruit. lcpl Luevano (writer/director extraordinaire)
Like many I thought this was a waste of some very good talent. I hope that this doesn't mean that these people are on their way down the proverbial ladder and will have to sink into the gutter with more trash like this. I expected so much more and am very disappointed. Hindsight now tells me I should have waited for the Video a few years from now and saved a few bucks. But then maybe in a few years you won't even be able to find it on the shelves IMHO I rate it 3/10
It was terribly boring. The soundtrack was woeful - some shots would have come to life much better with dramatic and more moving scores. The dialogue was predictable. Were they targeting an adult audience or kids? I was lost. It was not entertaining. The only reason I kept watching was that I ate dinner late and I needed to let it digest before going to bed. Otherwise I would have been in bed 60 minutes ago. They must have had a shock after the edit. "Gawd, how are we going to sell this?"
Stylish thriller? Hardly! This French action film from director Luc Besson is more confused and unsure about itself than anything else I have seen recently. The opening action sequence shows some promise, and the following action sequences are good. However they are sadly too few and far between. The drama is dull and erratic, and the characters are generally unlikeable. Anne Parillaud and the support cast are unable to involve the audience emotionally. "La Femme Nikita" ends up more like a try hard, B-grade action thriller. Very average! Saturday, April 28, 1991 - Balwyn Cinema
This is one of the finest films I have seen. The story and dialogue are riveting and the work of Colbert, Welles and Brent is superb. The cast achieves the cohesiveness of a fine Broadway production. This film could easily have been nominated for multiple oscars, for Colbert, Welles, and Brent, screen play, and direction. The cinematography and script as well as the overall attention to detail in the dialogue led me to suspect that Welles might have been responsible for more than just his own role. I saw the film once and had to have the video.
In my view this is one of Potter's most impressive works. It has been years since I saw the series on television but I remember it became the highlight of my week. The unpredictable plot and the surreal use of day dreams and 50's music was masterful. Louise Germaine was brilliantly cast as the stunningly beautiful Sylvia. She was beautiful that is until she spoke, revealing the most dreadful accent. A memorable performance. Even back in the early nineties it was clear that Ewan MrGegor was destined to go on to greater things. Highly recommended viewing.
Alicia Silverstone is very hot, though the title of this strange looking thing really sucks. When rich chick Alicia fakes her own kidnapping by locking herself in the trunk of her car in order to get attention from her elusive father (Jack Thompson), a car thief (Benicio Del Toro) steals it while followed by two lowly hoodlums and Alicia's anemic uncle (Chris Walken) who wants to bring her back to Daddykins. Alicia is beautiful and Benicio is handsome in this light romantic-comedy, though all the car trunk scenes will make you look at your watch.
I was fortunate enough to catch "Just Write," on Starz last night and was greatly pleased (and surprised) with this film. I found all of the main characters to be very likable and also found the writing to be stellar, at worst. The film has inspired me to the extent that I just ordered three screenwriting books off of Amazon.com! When a movie has the power to make a person feel something strong or inspire them to the point that they will do something about their inspiration, then it must be a great film, and "Just Write," is!
I have to disagree with the previous commentator's opinion. Washington's accent was about as spot on for a "Yank" as was we'll say Pitt's was in "Snatch" to an Irish tinker's. The movie while obviously low-budget (no different than we'll say "My Beautiful Laundrette" or "Mona Lisa" at this particular time in UK productions), yet its concentration on the inherent drama of a confused and conflicted ex-Para in a non-empathetic society totally over-rode its budgetary limitations. This was an above-average movie (and a rare one) of its genre and adequately displays Washington's versatility as an actor.
This film was very well done. I had heard a lot of negative hype before I saw it but I was impressed. This film tells a great story about the human race becoming refugees and fighting the force that dominated them. The characters were played very well, they were hard people living in hard times. The children added perspective and even hope that humans could outlast the beasts. The visual effects are stunning, from the dragons to the wasteland the film has a dark beauty. The plot is survival of the fittest, and only one species will survive.
The film itself and the acting in the film were very good. The whole story idea behind it was very interesting and intriguing. The problem with the film was that the editing was not very good. By the editing not being good it affected the over all look of the film. The acting, directing, writing, and complete film were good. The editing killed the whole thing for me because it was too choppy and made it difficult to follow becase of all the weird splicing everywere. But besides that I'd give this film an 8, 10 being best.
This is an extraordinary fable about aging and about film-making. This old actor, unhappy with the route of his career is also the symbol of the great problem faced by the elder ones: looking back and not finding something to be proud about. However youth comes to rescue him, giving him a chance to always be remembered by spectators and to feel useful to a new generation. Especially well achieve by Cronenberg is the camera motion and positioning, which seems that of a child discovering all the potential of the found camera. Pure brilliance!
I noticed that about half the voters gave "Mafia vs. Ninja" a 10. I sincerely hope this has nothing to do with quality (that's what we're supposed to vote on, right? :-D) Fake blood, horrible video effects, and strings holding up the fighters all are featured. Ridiculously choreographed ninja battles reign supreme in one of the worst movies ever. It's also the movie that's made me laugh the most (except maybe Sinbad and the Seven Seas), for hours on end. You must see this movie at least once, and see how a real ninja movie is done!
This movie is silly but funny. We can see the lovely Kate Hudson and the charming Matthew McConaughey (from EdTV) in this comedy as a couple who have everything to be wrong. Of course the end is very predictable, but this don't take the movie's fun. The 'princess Sophia' nickname is still one of the best nicknames I already heard for a guy's part. (laugh) obs1:Kate Hudson wears a beautiful yellow dress in this movie. With 'Isadora Duncan'the diamond neck less, she is even more beautiful. obs2: Michelle's character (Kathryn Hahn) has a beautiful hair color. (red)
When this was made, MGM was no longer making a serious effort to get Hedy Lamarr good roles. Though while the story isn't all that brilliant, Hedy's infinite loveliness and a few lightly amusing parts make this movie worthwhile. She's just impossibly gorgeous and a very warm presence throughout. And such a charming voice she had! Her and William Powell made a pretty good on-screen couple in this their second and final film together. He supplied most of the humor while she supplied all of the heavenliness. This movie certainly isn't a monumental classic, but it's quite entertaining.
Raul Julia's finest moment as an actor was also one of the finest Latin American-themed films of all time. Julia portrayed the diligent bishop Oscar Romero with an aplomb which few actors could have embodied. Sadly, this film ends up as nothing but a blip on the map. Few people have actually experienced the power and creativity placed into this film. Perhaps it was too political or too dark, what ever the reason, it will remain one of my favorite films of all time. Perhaps years from now, the appreciation this movie deserves will be given to it.
Dull, predictable lifeless story about a widower who gets a second chance at love with an old college flame after a chance meeting. Good thing his wife died, huh? Joseph Brooks probably figured "You Light Up My Life" packed 'em in to theater's so why not build another film around another one of his syrupy songs? Problem is the song is even worse than "You Light Up My Life" and Joseph Brooks doesn't make for the best leading man. There's absolutely no chemistry with Shelley Hack who looks bored throughout. You've been warned.
Wow, I just saw it on DVD, and I couldn't stop laughing. The scene when the father is stuck "in" the reporter... it was so over the top and insane and funny, that I think I just peed my pants. Who would have thought, a movie that talks about: incest, rape, bullying, with insane black humor, that promotes family values... I'm surprised so many people didn't get the humor/meaning of this movie. You have to go beyond the violence/sex to understand it, like any Miike's film. Unique, extremely funny and disturbing. 8/10
Woodstock is a great documentary. It is edited very well and has great spirit and music in the mix. For the generation of the time it was what symbolized them, and I think this is the perfect film for them. Edited very finely (by the director, Oscar Winning editor Thelma Schoonmaker and the man himself, Martin Scorsese) with many parts of the movie in separate sides in great splendor. I think this film is the best movie in which a sound track was made, and one of the best documentaries ever made (definitely the best of the 70's).
Good documentary about the most famous concert of the decade. Many of the better bands, and some of the worst, were at this shindig where any and everything goes. Personally, I wouldn't have gone within 3 states of the place, but obviously not everyone is as crowd phobic as I. My main objection to the film was the camera zooming in on one band or musician to the exclusion of others. For instance, there was to much Richie Havens and not enough Country Joe. Way too much Jimi, and very little Carlos. It was well worth seeing, though.
I couldn't possibly say enough positive things about this film. This is a MUST-SEE for any film lover. Creative, brilliant use of color & characters - laced into interweaving stories that entertain, amuse & amaze. Rich costumes and sets, excellent acting and well crafted themes..this is a piece to be studied. Full of detail, laughs, & heart. My only wish is that these fellas (who've pretty much only done commercials & other nonsense) keep creating such inspiring works. I could watch this on loop & generate a countless number of flavorful pieces of art. ::love::
The movie portrayed to me, young love in it's purest form, lived unconditionally and with great courage. Too often people fail to love with such courage. They clutch at their hearts along with their pocket books and head for the door. I found myself feeling immense pride for this young man in his endeavor. We all know that too often in life things don't have a storybook ending but this one did and I enjoyed it. I loved the characters, the music, the settings and the humor injected. I would like to see more from these young people.
This episode is my favourite because it best demonstrates the potential the show had to offer. I remember watching the pilot and anxious for the following week when the following episode was on. John Rhys-Davies was one of the original reasons for me watching the show because I saw him in "James Bond 007" "The Living Daylights" and "Indiana Jones". I think it is one of the best pilots I have seen for a show. The pilot gives reasonable insight into the characters of the show before they set off "sliding" into parallel worlds.
I just saw this piece of trash on cable a few weeks ago. I checked it out on IMDB, expecting it to get a 1 or 2 rating. I was APPALLED that it scored a 7.5 and the other reviewer actually seemed to like it. This movie is pure garbage. The acting is atrocious, the dialogue absurd, the plot asinine, and that's the good stuff! It is just plain awful. Maybe worth a look just to laugh at it. Anyone who actually watches this movie and extracts something positive deserves to be mauled by a werewolf.
Forget Eddie Murphy's Beverly Hills Cop movies! Josef Fares sets a new standard in laughing at the police. Right from the start you start laughing and keep laughing until at least four fifth of the film. After that it starts to lose its magic, but it's still highly amusing. The strange thing is that you can see the jokes coming from miles away, but they work excellently nevertheless. With this movie Josef Fares definitely puts on the stage himself as a highly talented comedy director and proves that Jalla, Jalla! wasn't a lucky shot. 4 out of 5
A Single Girl (La Fille Seule) is one of those rare, pleasant films. Beautiful, young, Virginie Ledoyen is followed with a video cam as she argues with her boyfriend then takes a job as a chambermaid dealing with various personalities and rebuffing passes from her boss. Virginie was made for the close-ups; one never gets bored watching her walk down the corridors of a large hotel. And this beauty seems unaffected by it all; she is another pea in the Parisian pod. Director Benoit Jacquot has an eye for beauty and for film; this is a must see.
This exceptionally well made, independently produced film is a heart warming tribute to the human spirit. The production team of Mitch Davis, John Corbett, and Gerry Molen(the Oscar winning producer of Schindler's list) are to be commended for the excellent job of presenting this story. It's refreshing to see economic success come for a family centered movie. The special effects in the hurricane scenes were as good as any big budget movie production, yet maintained their focus on the central characters in the film. I hope to see more from this talented production team in the future.
I admit that the gentle pace of this film may not be for everyone, but I think it is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. The acting was solid throughout with wonderful performances by the Polish brothers and a luminous Michele Hicks, but even more striking to my mind was the intelligence and thoughtfulness of the script, the evocation of grief and loneliness and the candor of the film's portrayal of at least a portion of the conjoined twin's experiences. It is a striking and original portrayal of both intimacy and isolation.
Parodies are only funny if they can stand on their own somewhat. It does not take a good writer to simply take dialog almost word for word from one of the best movies of all time and put it into an office situation. And three year old can do this. But most don't because they know better. The funniest thing about this is that it was released as an Oscar engagement. As if this movie was going to get any Oscar recognition. But I guess it would make any sense to release it for a Razzie engagement
The best film ever made. That is what I thought as a child. And now fifteen years later, I still believe it. This story shaped my whole way of thinking as an adolescent, and maybe even helped make me the person I am today. It is not about a message, or a favourite scene. Just the way you feel after seeing the film. If todays world of witnessing the 'Terror wars' gets to you. Then watch this. It may just give you a different perspective, or at the very least, escapism and maybe hope.
The best film ever made. That is what I thought as a child. And now fifteen years later, I still believe it. This story shaped my whole way of thinking as an adolescent, and maybe even helped make me the person I am today. It is not about a message, or a favourite scene. Just the way you feel after seeing the film. If todays world of witnessing the 'Terror wars' gets to you. Then watch this. It may just give you a different perspective, or at the very least, escapism and maybe hope.
This movie is a about two stealth fighters who go head to over stolen missiles . It a very fast movie with a great score by Hans Zimmer(The lion king) . At least the movie gives one a idea on what the government do to get the missles back. Some of the action sequences are little over the top and so is the corny dialogue. Overall, it still my favorite one from the movie's two main stars!!!Plus you get great views of Utah in the movie!!Maybe even Zion national Park?Great fun if you like fast action movies !!!
****SPOILERS***** I just love movies with twists and turns and this one didn't disappoint. A group of people are stranded at a motel by a torrential rainstorm and are soon getting knocked off one by one. Who's the killer???? Just watch for yourself. What a cast! Ray Liotta! John Cusack! John C. McGinley! Rebecca "Where Have I Been?" DeMornay! My one grumble with the cast is the criminal misuse of the wonderfully freaky Jake Busey. Why go through all the trouble to cast someone like him and then only show him for 5 whole minutes!!!! Jeez.....
This is the worst movie I've ever seen. My friends and I actually paid money to see it in a theater back in 1985, and were laughing about how bad it was for hours afterwards. On the up side, we did have a good time making fun of it. It's worth seeing as a goof. The idea of people running around with water pistols to kill the neon maniacs was just too ridiculous. And then the movie's abrupt ending in the rain with the comment "This rain can't last forever". People in the theater were booing and moaning.
Lovecraft is gothic, provoking, and disturbing. This movie is weird, boring, and the ending is poorly done and laughable. The story is faithful, but the cheesy effects and lack of suspense make it lose any credibility. Compare this movie with "Blair Witch Project" or "Twin Peaks" and see how suspense is supposed to be done (I would like to see David Lynch do a Lovecraft movie by the way). But maybe this is just one story that should stay in written form? I would recommend this only to the most diehard of Lovecraft fans. Maybe not even then.
i LOVE this movie. it shows that it's alright to think outside of the box as long as you have passion to do it. some of the fighting scenes outstay their welcome, but over all the movie is fresh and full of ideas. i also understand why some westerners may think the movie is strange and don't fully understand all of it. it's just culture differences. just as i watch any other foreign film, i probably miss the slang, the meaning of the songs that link to the situation in the film, and the different way of life.
I like to think of myself as a man of letters, a verbose and eloquent commentator on cultural affairs and the like, but no words can prepare you for this indescribable movie. Let me say from the start that it is FANTASTIC... a tragic love story of Romeo and Juliet proportions, and yet utterly hilarious; a western, and yet set in fifties' Thailand; technically superb and yet filled with pastiches of movie cliches; tongue in cheek and yet very moving. It is the sound of one hand clapping louder than a football crowd. Beyond this, words fail... 10/10
This is one of my favorite films. I went to see this film over ten times on it's initial run in the theaters. Wilder was wonderful. Kane superb. Dom DeLuise adorable. Too bad the film doesn't have the following that it deserves. I'd love to see it on DVD or for Home Video Sale. I met Carol Kane in line at a supermarket and I told her my love for this film and she was surprised. The film was not well received when it was originally released. I'm glad this film was made. Gene, I love this movie.
...but still not a good movie. Personally, I'd rather see a documentary on Dr. Kellogg and his quackery; this fictionalization was filled with too many pee-pee/poo-poo jokes for it to work for me. The storyline that covered Kellogg's relationship with his son bogged it down in pop psychology, detracting even further from the movie. Matthew Broderick is adorable in this movie, but his switches from uptight to frantic are jarring. Bridgitte Fonda was just...there, occupying space and speaking. Overall, not exactly the rip-roaring comedy promised by the ads. Did I mention there were just too many pee-pee/poo-poo jokes?
Ringo Lam"s first Hong Kong film after his try in Hollywood is an impressive one.The plot itself has so many unexpected twists that you can watch it easily twice and still discover things you didn't see the first time.The good camerawork gives the movies atmosphere of tension,fear and the supernatural an extra boost.The cast has proven itself already in several other Hong Kong films and also here they deliver an excellent performance.This movie is a good start if you're not into Hong Kong films but want to give it a try,for the real fans it's a must see!
A good source writer and an intelligent director were hamstrung by a lack of funds and some awful editing and a non-performance by Anita Ekberg in the lead. This girl was not a bad actress, she was a non actress, as evidenced when asked to do her hilariously awful 'sexy' nightclub routine. The body moves but the eyes are blank, and, one suspects, the head is empty. It is a film that warrants quite a few viewings but only if you are really anxious to find out if your initial confusion was down to you or them. Them.
Ok...nothing really to "upset" you in anyway here...but the atmosphere...colors...Paris...clothes.....music....everything just makes me wanna travel back in time and be a part of this filmproduction. Easy viewing film you can "easily"(!!) label this little Euro gem. Monica Vitti looks wonderful...a bit like Elke Sommer in Mario bava's Lisa And The Devil. But it's lightweight context here...nothing to worry about. No violence...sex....creepiness....just a charming experience which I recommend you check up on any day. I saw the extremely rare danish x-rental version...83.02 mins... letterboxed....english language. Best of all...I'll add it to my collection...no other collector buys this off'a me...nope.
I was convinced in 2001 that the worst film that I ever had the displeasure of watching was 13 Ghosts. Now I'm afraid to admit that I may have very well come across another movie that just might be even worse. I can't even put into words how ridiculous this is so I'm not gonna waste any of my time doing so. This has to be seen in order to understand how awful it is. I believe this would be the shortest review I've ever given and I've never been so sure of myself quite like this before.
A dying woman and a condemned man fall in love on an ocean liner; how's that for high concept, circa 1932. No, I'm not giving anything away about this tightly plotted, exquisitely produced melodrama. Upper class sophistication, personified by ever-glamorous Kay Francis and gentleman crook William Powell, characterizes the tragic aspect of the story, while ethic warmth and humor, in the classic Warner Bros. style, are perfectly supplied by Aline MacMahon, Warren Hymer, and Frank McHugh. Lots of marvelous small touches, not the least being the way McHugh plays the final scene. If it's on, don't miss it.
This is a real diamond in the dirt. The kind of movie that gets out to video too soon due to marketing failure. I saw this on video and thought that it was one of the best gangster movies I've seen, ever... You've got to give the best credit to the casting - Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Robin Wright-Penn, Ed Harris, Nick Turturro - whoever did this piece of work was really ahead of their time. The action sequences are stunning and realistic. To summarize this movie - probably the most 'atmospheric' modern gangster movie since the Godfather.
An unbelievable cast! I have been wanting to see this movie again ever since I first saw it in college, 30 years ago. The video clip reminded me that the movie is just as good as I remember! McPhisto, played by Richard Burton, reminds me of my old Psych Professor, Don Whaley, who taught a WMU and North Texas State. In many ways Whaley was McPhisto! So if anyone out there reading this ever knew Whaley, email me. I believe I read it's a limited release so it's sure to be a classic collectors item.
Adam Sandler stars as a hopeless romantic in this warm and witty comedy that co-stars Barrymore as Sandler's love interest. This one is a big surprise for me. It's the funniest of Sandler's films because he seems calmer than in his previous and recent efforts. He's connecting to a character here it's a nice one. Barrymore is quite lovely as Julia. She's actually adorable in the role and the conclusion to the film is one of the most creative endings of recent romantic comedies. Directed by Coraci, who with Sandler, followed this up with the hit "The Waterboy."
The Wedding Singer is a very funny movie! Adam Sandler is hysterical as an 80's wedding singer that gets dumped by his girlfriend the day of their wedding and finds a new interest on a waitress (Drew Barrymore.) She, however, is already engaged to a sleazy lady's man. They are become closer and look very cute together. This movie is far from the gross laughs that Adam Sandler is used to getting. He actually makes this movie a family movie. It's full of some great laughs from characters seen in many of his previous movies. A cute must-see.
"Hysterical Blindness", which has nothing to do with the psychogenic condition suggested by the title, is a gritty character study with Thurman at the vortex as a graspingly needy working class woman whose poor sense of self drives her like a derailed freight train into the arms of a man who uses her like a Bic. Supporting cast members Rowlands and Lewis portray characters who are also manless but with contrastingly better coping skills. An excellent slice-of-life flick set in backstreet-under-the-bridge-and-by-the-railroad-tracks Jersey, "HB" is a riveting watch for those into character driven dramas about working class people. (B+)
The best thing about this flick is the Austrian dialect, which makes the movie for a native Austrian much better. Most of my Austrian friends love this movie and i think the dialect is too difficult to understand for German people, which are commercialized by teenie-shockers likes Scream, Black X-Mas, I know what you ... As I mentioned in the paragraph above Germans maybe don't understand the people speaking because of the dialect and therefore they rate this movie badly. Sry for ma bad English^^ In Short: One of the best Austrian movie productions... great flick!
I'm a huge Tom and Jerry fan, and this is probably my all-time favorite Tom and Jerry cartoon. I always root for Tom, so in the rare case he actually lays some punishment on that bratty mouse, I love it. There's a really funny instance in this one where Tom gives Jerry an unwanted bath in the golf ball cleaner, hilarious! Of course, Jerry gets the best of Tom by the end, by making Tom eat some bees and then Jerry golfs a ball at Tom's head, I sure wish Tom would have won more of these battles!
I honestly don't understand what was going through Scott Alexander and Larry Kawazinky's heads when they wrote and directed this piece of drivel. The plot is convoluted as are the characters. Very little is funny other than scene stealing Danny DeVito. What is funny is brilliant, but there is very little if anything to recomend this film. I expect more from these guys. The two of them brought us the screenplays for such thought provoking and emotional films as Ed Wood, The People Vs Larry Flynt and Man on the Moon. This is one disapointing directorial debut.
Well, here we have another brilliant Christopher Lambert movie but once again it's very underrated. Lambert stars as John Brennick he is an innocent prisoner in a futuristic high-tech prison trying to escape with his wife, there's lots of special effects and blood and guts in this fantastic film. The acting is very good, even though I haven't heard of them apart from Lambert. If you've seen "Lock-Up" starring Stallone, you'll love this! Overall a brilliant and very entertaining movie, with some surprises in it. My advice is to see this movie, it's good! Jonathan Horner.
Absolutely one of the most memorable movies from my teens, only eclipsed by the star wars movies, tron and alien..... I think the line that keeps coming forward into my brain most would be, "Why is there a watermelon there?" - Jeff Goldblum, upon entering the lab....pretty much sums this movie up. What boggles my mind the most about this movie is the fact that if you ask someone if they have seen it, they probably haven't - but say, "Remember, no matter where you go.....", they will most likely finish the quote for you......."there you are." Inconcievable.
This is a lo-budge movie that works, with some great action moments, quite good casting and some comedy, too. The DVD director's commentary explained why the opening sequence doesn't quite "match" the rest of the piece, but by then you're into it and don't care. A very entertaining watch... the only annoying thing is that Mirjana Jokic is way more woman than Natasha Henstridge could ever hope to be. The on-location shooting gives the picture its look and much of its tone and style. Would have been interesting to see it in a cinema on a big screen.
'Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles' is a nice family comedy, that won't get you embarrassed in front of your parents and it will still make you laugh. Paul Hogan plays Crocodile Dundee, exactly the way he played it fifteen years ago. And this is not bad too. His innocence is still adorable after all these years, as it is his way of applying the laws of the jungle to the big city life. The production is okay, the pace is good and the story is light and nice. A very refreshing moment nevertheless. 9/10
Watching EFNY again, I cannot believe how cool it is compared to later JC films (especially the God-awful EFLA). The energy and originality is equal to his earlier efforts (Assault on Precinct 13 and Dark Star). Granted, there are some eye-brow rasing moments where the film gets a little too silly, but all in all, the film moves, and Snake is cool! Also, check out the Director's Version, just to see the cut footage from the beginning of the film (How Snake Got Busted) and some comments from James Cameron on his SFX work for the film.
It starts with a touch of awesome music and a priest making his way to give his confession to another priest. The story is his confession. He tells how he feels he has sinned against God, by allowing an event to take place. Lazaro is a young boy, raised dolphins in the jungle, after his mother is raped and killed (before his very eyes), by wicked men! The priest (Charles Durning) befriends Lazaro and tries to make the boy civilized. But Lazaro is vengeful toward the men who killed his mother, and has the opportunity to strike back!
I finally bought a copy of this movie off of eBay because I had heard the Roky Erickson song of the same name like a billion times. I expected a cheesey flick, but instead watched a good, solid feature. It's definitely a B-movie, but that didn't mean "bad" back then. It just meant unknown talent and lower budgets. This is a decent story about an exiled mobster and a German scientist who reanimate the recently deceased with atom rays, and control them to take revenge on those who once testified against the mobster. A well-done but obscure flick.
I thought this film was very cleverly put together and had a nice feel and pace. The storyline, built around the New Years holiday, adds the right feel for the film. I felt it was a unique love story with just the right touch of humor and it gets better every time I see it. I liked the fact that the players were "normal" Black folk (ok there are a few rappers). Overall its just nice to see a film by Blacks where the focus is not on being Black, but just being human and telling a story.
I am not a big fan of vacanta mare's humor. I much rather prefer divertis, but the movie itself is indeed not bad all things considered. It has been far too long since a straight romanian comedy was made. The director is american and this was definitely a plus. The trademark vacanta mare humor is toned down a few notches and the result is a spoof that is funny at times, hilarious at others and flat here and there. All in all it was above may expectations, and certainly better than the last few AMERICAN spoofs I've seen.
This does for the German occupation of France what "Life Is Beautiful" did for that of Italy. It's a wonderfully warm and even humourous story set against the horror of the holocaust. The characters are well drawn and the camera sees the German occupation through decidedly French eyes. No propaganda. No punches pulled. No attempt to deny that many French collaborated with the Nazis. And no false heroics. M. Batignole is a timid hero indeed but a genuine hero nonetheless. A refreshing new perspective on the war years with much to praise and nothing to criticise.
I really liked this film. Kevin Costner and, for that matter, the whole cast was outstanding. Dennis Quaid was exceptional and surely deserved more recognition from the critics than he received. My objections to the film must be laid at the door of Kasdan...it could have been edited with a sharper hand. I under-stand the desire to expand the story to it's fullest but many minutes could have been cut during the manhunt at the railway station and the end scenes done in retrospect weren't necessary. More careful editing might have saved the day on a fine film.
Architect Agutter is haunted by her dead husband in a skyscraper she designed, and when people start getting knocked off mysteriously detective Moriarty comes in to investigate. Incredibly boring attempt to rip off both `Poltergeist' and `The Shining', it was so uninteresting that I couldn't make it through the whole thing in just one sitting. Nothing happens, it just keeps building up and building up to absolutely nothing and leaves you wondering why you just sat there for 91 minutes? Why did an actor like Michael Moriarty waste his time with this? 2 out of 10, completely uninteresting.
John Boorman's Excalibur is a brilliant re-telling of the grand legend of the Western European world, the once and future king, Arthur of Britain. It pares the Malory epic down to its basic core and recreates an entire fantastic world--the myth of Arthur, not the historical reality of Arthur. It suceeds magnificently. If you love fantasy you will love Excalibur. Furthermore, the music is divine: Siegfried's Funeral March (the sword's motif), more Wagner (Lohengrin and Parzival), plus the Carmina Burana. Highly recommended--all other Arthurian films fade to black and vanish in one's mind once you have seen Excalibur.
This may be unfair because we only watched the first 25 minutes of this movie. I am the kind of person who NEVER turns off movies I've paid for, but this was a first. Not only were we so disgusted with the movie we turned it off not even half-way through, we went out and rented another to get the memory of this movie out of our minds. This was a great story idea gone very, very bad with HORRIBLE acting, bad camera work, and script caliber of no more than USA Up All Night.
Richard Chamberlain was the reason I watched this movie with my wife and two sons ages 10 and 13. Not only was he a disappointment, but the entire movie was idiotic, pointless, and a monumental waste of time. We spent the entire movie wishing we were doing something else (ANYTHING ELSE) and chastising ourselves for seeing it through to the awful end in the fruitless hope it would redeem itself somewhere along the line. My wife, both sons, and myself agree that we have not seen a worse movie to this day, and that has been FIFTEEN YEARS!
If this movie had been made in America it would have received much more objective criticism. But, for some reason, many film watchers think that they must automatically heap praise upon any foreign made movie because it's the "in" thing to do. I am not surprised by all of the undeserved superlatives and ridiculous "10" votes given to this mediocre film. This movie is watchable but that's about it. The storyline is so implausible and unrealistic that it should be labeled as "fantasy". All of the syrupy comments about the great "love" shown by the father are laughable.
Not even Leprechaun can compare. Though the girls on the Fear website are freaky, that's about all this movie has going for it. And it still won't help raise this stupid thriller above a one rating. It is number 64 on the list of bad movies. Very apt. The acting stank, the plot was confusing and made no sense, the characters had not even a sliver of depth. I truly despise this movie. Do not rent it. Do not even waste your time if you happen to catch it on TV. That's all I can bear to say.
At no point during this incoherent rambling, did it ever make sense, everyone who watched this... is now dumber, I award it no points, and may got have mercy on the directors soul... The movie did not make any sense, it wasn't for even a minute scary, it was more of creepy that someone had these images in their mind. The ending was horrid, I drew parallels to "The Ring" from this movie, but The Ring wasn't nearly as bad.. I don't recommend this movie to anyone unless you have seen every other movie in the world.. 1/10
Very disappointing film from a director who usually delivers. John Schlesinger has previously impressed audiences with movies like "Midnight Cowboy", "Marathon Man" and "The Falcon and the Snowman". Flashes of brilliance here are never delivered consistently. Highlights are far too infrequent, in a movie that never could decide what mode it was in. Cast - all just there, and nothing more - included Matthew Modine, Melanie Griffith and Michael Keaton. Ultimately predictable, a lot of potential was wasted here. "Pacific Heights" could have been a great legal thriller. Friday, April 5, 1991 - Knox District Centre
Not only is the story of two brothers who love the same woman extremely boring, it is also very reactionary: the film basically sez that women ruin men's lives, it also sez "thou shalt not go to bed with your brother's wife"... certainly, a good piece of advice, but sit two hours in the cinema just to hear that? .... it's like the moralistic ending of _Cruel intentions_ blown up into a whole movie! beware! why do some film makers like Robert Zemeckis (_Contact_)or Smith and Stark fail to realize that the audience consists of intelligent human beings?
I honestly don't understand what was going through Scott Alexander and Larry Kawazinky's heads when they wrote and directed this piece of drivel. The plot is convoluted as are the characters. Very little is funny other than scene stealing Danny DeVito. What is funny is brilliant, but there is very little if anything to recomend this film. I expect more from these guys. The two of them brought us the screenplays for such thought provoking and emotional films as Ed Wood, The People Vs Larry Flynt and Man on the Moon. This is one disapointing directorial debut.
Instantly forgettable and pretty bad color "rock n roll" film that's deadly dull. It's got all the clichés, like the older generation who doesn't "get it", and young people dancing and strutting their stuff in revealing outfits. The female eye candy, in the form of pretty Mary Ann Mobley and her other girlfriends, are about all there is to watch in this deadly dull timepiece. Some of my favorite '60s groups, like The Animals and The Dave Clark Five, get to perform a few numbers on stage, but their material is just as underwhelming. */****
Think of everything that could be wrong with a film, triple these things, cover them with a coat of raw sewage then set them on fire and you will have a piece of charbroiled pigslop called "Satisfaction". Tepid, low rent comedy dealing with 4 simpering teen rocker wannabe girls and their dorked out boyfriend. I figure the actors had a better time making this bilge than anybody could ever have watching it. If Jagger were dead [and watching this drivel could very well have led to his demise] he'd be permanently spinning in his expensive English casket. Gad!
At the Sundance screening of this film, the director told us that the "evergreen" of the title referred to the green envy the main character feels toward those who have so much while she does not. This was a realistic story of a young girl who moves into her grandmother's ramshakle house with her grandmother. They are quite poor, and when the girl (Henri) meets a rich boy at school, she wants to be part of his family. The movie is about Henri's discovery that money doesn't really take away problems. This was good effort for all involved.
We've just gone through the Bakker family scandal, so hey, why not make a tasteless vulgar comedy out of squeaky clean religion? This is the most lurid use of satire I've ever witnessed out of SALVATION! After 80 sinful minutes, it's time I've gone into the shower and wash away the evil-spirited entertainment stuck in my soul! The movie isn't even worth laughing about, not just in satirizing the Bible, but in bland, senseless, flatulent humor. Rent this one and see what I mean. In the end, nothing can save anybody from surviving this Armageddon of dirty laundry!
I was astonished at what an awful production this was, considering Stewart's sterling reputation. Perhaps producing and acting is a bad combination for him? We watched it through the end only for the amusement of seeing how bad it could get. When the Stewart character begins to laugh at the end, so did I, as he sounded like nothing so much as a cat with a hairball. Those who are searching for a meaningful, three-dimensional performance are well-advised to search out the 1984 version starring George C. Scott. Stick to Star Trek and you won't be disappointed.
If you want to see a movie where - the main charachters are flatter than a table - the background charachters are just "background", no emotions, except for some chinese extras that while pretending to be menacing smile at the camera! -the visual effects range from nice CG landscapes to rubber boulders -ANYTHING happening his predictable! -the plot is so silly that "Manos" seems Ben Hur in comparison -the silliest end in all the movies i ever saw: "I'm pregnant!" than see this movie. I saw it just because i was ill, and it made me sickier...
Shameless, yes, but STRIKE COMMANDO works as a beyond-insipid "unstoppable warrior with a vendetta" vehicle for the incomparably bad Reb Brown. Brown is so bad as "Michael Ransom" that he actually makes the movie more enjoyable; factor in Bruno Mattei's typically doltish direction, and you've got a movie that may make your brain stem separate from your skull. Thing is, you might enjoy it! I found myself laughing through most of it; perhaps it's best enjoyed at that level, or ignored altogether. Give Mattei credit, though--he had the cajones to make a sequel, as well. That's some cheek!
Although there are some positive points in this movie (pretty few), I found it generally uninteresting. The small romance shown in it, does not fit the otherwise cynical character played by Ruppert Everet. The unveiling of the plot is slow, uninteresting and does not excite the spectator in any way. Humor, is also fully absent. The time gap between the scenes in Russia and the story telling in England is huge and should have been better managed and explained. This is not a total waste of time, however there are much better movies to see out there instead!
I was coming down from a hangover state when I saw this movie ... and it still couldn't satisfy me. I thought it would be good. The cast looks fine, and the story was one that I could of gotten very interested in. Instead I get a piece of low budget junk used to fill in a rained out game slot. Bad acting, an even worse script, and enough British ethnical slurs to start a war. Though I gave it a 2/10, because this is probably the most accurate movie ever made that was based on the story.
The original "Pumpkinhead" was nothing great, but at least it had some semblance of intelligent writing. Unfortunately, this sorry sequel seemed more like your average dumb horror flick. The setup for the story wasn't too bad, but the rest of the film ranged from routine, to boring, to just plain stupid. Surprisingly, there were a number of familiar faces in the movie, but every last one of them was wasted. But then again, I didn't exactly have high hopes for this film...after all, how good can a film be when Roger Clinton plays a guy called Mayor Bubba?
Chevy Chase plays Andy Farmer, a frustrated writer, who moves with his wife, Elizabeth, to a farm in Vermont. Nothing seems to go the way the couple expected. The Farmer's bribe the township into creating a Norman Rockwell persona in order to sell the farm and return to New York. This movie is more stupid than funny. Pathetic jokes that keep falling flat and missing their mark. Jay Cronley's novel was done a disservice. Madolyn Smith-Osborne holds her own with what she has to work with. This is no where near the caliber of Chase's "vacation" movies.
Just watched this offering on movies4men. I'm not sure if the first poster was watching the same film as the rest of us! An unbelievable plot (or lack of it), dreadful script, wooden acting even from stars like Curt Jurgens, awful sets with absolutely no basis on historical reality, comic book Nazis, and so on. This film was so embarrassingly bad it was captivating viewing. I found myself gasping in amazement at the awful cinematography, poor editing and the final clichéd romantic scene was just .... Sorry (gulp) I can't take any more.
I rented this movie because I had a coupon for a free rental. I am glad that I did not have to pay because it is not worth paying for. The acting was very stiff and the editing was bad. The story could have been handled much better and when I read the back of the box I expected a sort of Miami Vice like movie but as it turned out Miami Vice had much better acting and much better dialog. If the four letter words were removed from the script this would have been a silent movie!
I am going to be brief about this horrifying series, let me begin by stating I am a Christian, so I hold no kind of vendetta against the morals portrayed. Let me explain my feelings about this show in one sentence: This is an awfully acted, horrifically directed, terribly written, atrociously misinformed, horrendously uninspired "series" that deserves to have a warning on it to keep unsuspecting families from renting it. That is my one sentence review, there you have it. NOTE: This series does not reflect what Christians enjoy to watch, quite the contrary really.
Warning: Some spoilers for those who wish to see this garbage. The worst film ever! I have seen many films in all my days, but this was particulary horrible. It was unprofessionaly done, it had no glamour in any of the scenes, it seems like no one wants to care whatever they making a movie or just reading their lines. The beheading of the boy jumping around in a sack is so obviously faked. For god sake, the head looks like a pice of painted plastic! I hope this will never be remade, none trying to copy!
This is essentially Basic Instinct, but worse. The story is lame, Caruso's character is not developed at all, and Fiorentino is a monotonous mope throughout. If you go back and watch Basic Instinct, you will be appalled at how similar the plots are in these two films. A previous user suggested that Ezterhaus was unhappy with the way the film deviated from his script. However, Ezterhaus should still be taken to task for writing yet another movie about a wildly successful and sexually adventurous female psychologist/author that lives in San Francisco and is under investigation for murder.
About the kindest think I could possibly say about this movie, is that it is funnier than 'Commando.' Starring Fred 'Where the hell did my career go' Dryer as a Marine who lives by his own rules.(clever huh?) After the killing of all his buddies, and the kidnapping of his gruff but loveable Colonel, Yep... you guessed it, he goes on a one man rescue mission (against orders naturally) to rescue the Colonel, and to kill as many non-english speaking persons as possible. Laughably cliched from start to finish. Whoever wrote this should have their crayons taken away.
Norm thinks more of this turkey than I do. I found it inept in plotting, dialog, direction---well, everything. Lugosi tries, but the deck's stacked against him. Watch as Zucco takes the dead girl's pulse, lets go of her hand, and it hangs there for a second before dropping to the floor. Lines get flubbed but they go on anyway. Hear the corpse stick her two cents in periodically, while the same spooky chord plays every time. Okay, I've seen it, but the next time I watch it I'll have some liquored up friends over for some solid laughs.
This is my first review as I felt compelled to write to say just how bad this film is. The acting is awful. The direction is awful and this type of storyline has been done to death. What was Christian Slater thinking ? I always watch films to the end of the titles but I was sooo glad when the, "Action", finished, I couldn't bear to see the names associated with this monstrosity. If you have 94 minutes to spare, just go and stare at a wall, you may find it more entertaining.
Jack London's short story "A Thousand Deaths" is virtually unrecognizable in this sluggish cinematic translation. For "Torture Ship", the self-described protagonist becomes Lyle Talbot (as Bob Bennett). The original's father is now uncle Irving Pichel (as Herbert Stander). A mad doctor, Mr. Pichel has isolated what he calls, "The active ingredient of the endocrine glands governing criminality." Pichel takes Mr. Talbot, some aides, and some crooks on a cruise to experimentation. Talbot is "free from criminal taint," but becomes temporarily mean. Additional nastiness ensues... ** Torture Ship (10/28/39) Victor Halperin ~ Lyle Talbot, Irving Pichel, Julie Bishop
in fact,it's your typical action/crime drama.the characters are stereotypical for this genre.i also found the movie slow and depressing.i was quite disappointed.i was expecting a much better movie than this.the action is slow,and there really isn't much originality here.Andrew Davis directed this one.he also directed The Fugitive,Under Siege and Above the Law,all after Code of Silence.but it's not all bad.for one thing Henry Silva is great as one of the main bad guys,although he doesn't get a lot of screen time.because of it's depressing atmosphere though and how slow it is i give Code of Silence a 4/10
Sure THIS one is fact-based, but who cares when the facts are quite boring? The Exorcist was much better. I rather see something interesting yet loosely based on fact than something closer to the truth yet of the quality of a dramatization in a documentary. Not at any point during the course of the movie did I believe that that kid was possessed. However, he did remind me of that one kid from Problem Child. Now HE was possessed. John Ritter was funny in that though. I still watch reruns of Three's Company whenever I can... -Al
How did Olivia Hussey get roped into this? For that matter, how did David Warner get roped into TWO roles!? Set SOMEWHERE in Europe during medieval times, it's a pastiche of unidentifiable movie genre. Its saving grace is the inspired casting of Richard Kind, thick New York accent and all, as a klutzy wizard - it's worth the price of admission (if you can find a copy!). This movie is simply much worse than it would have been with a coherent plot and intelligent dialogue. Does it border on being so bad that it's good? Yes!
I've always wanted to see this movie but never got round to it. Being a "foreigner" I never really got to grips with the whole Watergate thing. Now thanks to this movie I have and wish I hadn't: the whole thing is extremely boring. It does not make for exciting viewing. eg the final denouement is told to the viewer by a typewriter screen. Doesn't that demonstrate that the material is clearly non-cinematic? A very disappointing movie. I can only assume that people rate it highly because of the significance of Watergate rather than the actual movie. 4/10
I must say that I was incredibly disappointed when I saw this film. I love Mandy Moore, and felt let down by the film. I thought it would be really cute and funny, but it was everything but that. It was like the writer wanted to see how much drama he could fit into a two hour slot. EVERYTHING happens in this movie...from weddings, to funerals, then a pregnancy, and it is thoroughly predictable. I am still a Mandy Moore fan, but I think she made a mistake by making the film...but hey you live and learn. 2.5/10
To be honest, this film is basically a very poor rip-off of Finding Nemo.... and is no where near as good, funny or entertaining, nor is the animation up to the same standard. The plot is roughly the same, although this time he doesn't go after his parents - even the voices sound alike! I really recommend that you don't go and see this film - even little kids who have seen other animated films (such as Finding Nemo, Shrek, Shark Tale, Over the Hedge, Madagascar, etc) may turn up their nose at this one.
This movie has three things seriously wrong with it. 1. The dialog is juvenile, evidently intended for kids in the 12 to 16 age group. It seems like every sentence included at least 3 curse words. Apparently the writers were handicapped when it came to vocabulary. 2. The movie does not make use of Jack Nicholson's talents. He is upstaged throughout the movie by inferior actors. 3. The movie has a very poor ending. Most of the characters get shot within the last few minutes, and then the screen says "The End." Nothing was decided.
This "movie" is just AWFUL! Sequels like this should be forbidden, because such movies are just made, because the original Film was a Blockbuster. I hate movies that destroy the spirit of the first film. Highlander 2 is another good example for that. Bad Animation, ridiculous Actors and Story (Asians in the medieval Europe...). To the middle ages: Where the original did a great job creating an quite authentic atmosphere etc. this thrashy rip-off felt more like an pumped up version of xena or this absolute horrible new adventures of robin hood series which should also be forbidden.
99 words or less: Well-intentioned, but the writer/director Zach Helm has no faith in the audience, nor in film as a visual medium. There is no wonder here, only great swells of music where it says in the script. What little he has to say is spoon fed to you by the dialog and the voice-overs. Colorful SFX can't compensate for the walking clichés that replace real characters: Magical Guy. Blocked Artist. Lonely Child. Boring Accountant. Yeah, it's a Kid's Movie. Cap'n Krunch is Kid's Cereal. Does that make it good? I feel better now.
This was a waste of time. Out of context video meets out of context prejudice. Quotes are taken from Democrats in supposed support of a war in Iraq (predicated on intelligence provided by the Bush administration) and are seamlessly narrated by our helpful nobody ra-ra, 'my way or the highway', war mongering nobody commentator. The videos are graphic, real and disturbing, but out of place and badly analyzed. Please, put your time to better use. This film will either make you hate 'Islamic Extremists', the 'Radical Left' or just yourself for giving this garbage the time of day.
For you complaining about woody acting: this is not a bug, it is a feature. It makes sense the same way it makes sense that the type three is not attacked by the screamers, when you understand what it really is. All these droids and their characters are artificial. Their characters are designed. The machines who designed them have read some Shakespeare, it seems, and watched stereotypical American warrior stories. Get it? It is crappy, but it is meta crappy. Like in Total Recall you are looking at traces of someone else's story within the story.
The most fascinating thing about this movie is the wildly diverging responses it produces. I thought it was rubbish from beginning to end. The way in which the alien functions is not made clear at all, perhaps deliberately to camouflage the inconsistencies in the plot, so that many events make no sense. The obligatory romantic interest is as boring as it gets. The ending seems copied from any old slasher movie where the monster simply won't stay down. A waste of Sutherland (who's always worth watching) and Warner (who's extremely beautiful in a low-key unglamorous way).
I am not a musician myself, in fact I am a student in art history, but I really enjoyed this picture. I was amazed that such a great passion for music can be combined with the medium of movie, without weakening nor the subject, nor the medium. The music that Tony Gatlif pursues is the kind of music that really means something to me, it goes straight into the body, the mind and the soul. This is not entertainment, this is 'life' in the purest sense of the word. Thank you Tony Gatlif, for bringing this message to us.
Farley and Perry lead a team who are racing Lewis and Clark to blaze a trail to the Pacific coast of the newly settled America. Historically speaking, the setting of the film and costumes seem surprisingly accurate and I was totally convinced that I was looking at the early 1800's. I watched it the first time and giggle a bit, I watched it the second time and laughed here and there, I watched it for the third time and laughed nearly all the way through! This film is like an acquired taste and just gets better with watching.
Typical slow, boring, badly written and acted movie that idiots will over-praise because they confuse dull with intellectual. The "psychological cat and mouse game" consists of endlessly boring, repetitive dialog and people acting one way and then another for no reason. "You were in love with him" "No, I wasn't" "Yes, you were." "No, I wasn't" "Yes, you were" That's the level of the supposed "mind games" being played here. In the end, the whole movie ends up being just another example of the disgusting sexist cliché about a woman falling in love with her rapist.
...this movie has everything that everyone expects of Betty Grable every time. It is bright and colorful and silly and funny and loads of fun. Betty, (ever the independent and employed woman) is working as an entertainer in an odd little dive. Well, a friend of the owners does what we would now call a corporate take-over--and then he does a make-over on Betty and she becomes a big musical comedy star--but wait--it is more complicated than that! See this and you will understand why Betty Grable was loved at the box office for so long. She is wonderful.
My first comment on IMDb ... after watching many IMDb Top250 ... After this I HAD to write something. One of my all-time favorites. This movie is fantastic. I have never seen a movie that let's you feel with the main actor like this one. If you see this movie, you feel the feelings the main actor has. This movie makes you curious, angry, sad, afraid and shocked like few other movies. The acting is superb and so is the cinematography. I am so glad I could watch this 'old' masterpiece. Thank you George Sluizer!
The first time this film was made available in English, it was completely wrecked. If you ever see the familiar shape of the SDF-1 MACROSS on the cover of a video named ATTACK OF THE BIOROIDS, avoid it! It is of interest only to two groups-- those who are starved for any version of MACROSS: DO YOU REMEMBER LOVE and those who are (masochistically) looking for examples of how badly manga can get mangled.... Thanks to the internet and advances in computer technology, MACROSS: DO YOU REMEMBER LOVE is available in English in a CD (not DVD) format.
One of the funniest shorts. Great cameos - Lou Diamond Phillips is hysterical as is Scott Thompson of "Kids in the Hall". It's not for the faint of heart, definitely. But if you like really edgy comedy, then you'll dig this. Those of you (like me) who are Ron Jeremy fans will love the showdown scene between Ron and Scott. And the final scene will literally blow your mind! I'm still laughing about it! Dead on satire of the porn industry. For an eight minute short you get more bang for your buck than most features. Truly original!!!
If you can get pas the very slow pacing, this is quite a satisfying film. it takes it's time getting where it's going to but the acting by the whole cast pushes it along and keeps the viewer's interest. Christopher Lee does his usual great work and Nastassja Kinski brings just the right note of naive innocence to her role (plus you've got to love a movie that has full frontal Kinski nudity!!!!) Well worth a look, especially for fans of the Hammer type horror films, and despite being real slow at times, is well done. rating:7
This film is just too cheesy for words. It makes a great laugh at the silliness movie, and everything in it is silly, so you'll be laughing a lot. Firstly there's Jan Michael Vincent, He's so wooden an actor and with George Peppard along too you have the makings of a whole forest. Then there's the ludicrous vehicles they travel in. What's with the flipping wheels? The special effects are weak. The scorpions look exactly like what they are - real scorpions superimposed onto the film. Very silly and very funny. Watch whilst getting drunk.
I've seen many movies lately, but this one won my heart. Summer's end brings to you the warmth of a sincere friendship between a man and a young boy, but more than that, it shows this friendship as it's seen by the boy, who is capable of anything to keep this relationship based on trust and love... I can compare this movie to Mel Gibson's The Man Without a Face, where again we have a great movie about a friendship between a man and a boy, both overcoming all the hate that comes from the people around them.
I saw this movie at the Moving Pictures Film Festival in Prince George, B.C. When the movie was presented to us, the organizer said that even though the main character is dying, it's not a depressing movie. How right she was. If anything this is an uplifting movie. Absolutely hilarious at times, which is the last thing I expected. Especially the scenes between the main character and the woman who wants to get.... well, I guess I shouldn't give that away 'til you see the movie. I gave Two Thousand And None 8 out of 10.
I'm not going to talk about the plot or the script, no no...that things are really good in this movie but the acting...oh, the actors are incredible. Federico Luppi as always, perfect, Eusebio Poncela, really great, Cecilia Roth, better than in All about my mother (won a spanish award goya by this movie) and the boy, Juan Diego Botto, one actor i don't like too much, is perfect too. The dialogues are terrible, and the actors perfect, what you can expect is a movie where you going to believe every word of the script. Really good. I rated 9/10.
Perhaps it's the film, or just my insanity, but either way "Get Real" gives me the strange urge and unattainable goal of being a gay school boy from Great Britain. This movie is wonderful. At first viewing it's excellent, then after I thought about the film some more I gained appreciation for it. Eventually I became sexually attracted to this film and wished to procreate with it. Melodramatic? Sure. Psychotic? Perhaps. But I know one thing for sure, if you are going to watch a movie about a gay British school boy, "Get Real" is the movie for you.
I remember going into a little cinema in Texas to see this film, I wasn't expecting much... What I saw was a dead-on parody of life in the 80's. This is one of the great films of the 80's. There is a great tribute to this film in The Simpsons if you notice Homer always drinks Buzz Cola at the nuclear plant. Surf II has a strange intensity that is lacking in most films of today, too bad its not available on video or DVD. I highly recommend you track this one down, it will be well worth it.
Don't get sucked in by the higher rating. I don't want to call it the WORST movie I have ever seen because I fear you will want to see it just to see how really bad it was (you know, driving by an accident, but slowing to take a look). Don't let the pretentious fans of Jacquot sway you. There is no question that Ledoyen is beautiful to look at, but the dialogue was both silly and annoying. They'll tell you to view it on several levels....don't bother, on any level, this movie was a total waste of celluloid.
Dinner With Friends is the perfect movie for those who felt that Notting Hill was a little too action-packed. The story involves two post-yuppie couples, one of whom split up, and how it affects all of their lives. The film mainly consists of the four of them discussing relationships with each other - and I'm talking about ninety percent conversation here, so be warned - while occasionally interrupted with people looking emotional. This would be a great film for those interested in the psychology behind modern relationships. For the rest of us, it's a potential cure for insomnia.
Sohpie's Choice has got to be the most heartbreaking movie I have seen in a long time. It is a tragic love story between Sophie (Meryl Streep) and Nathan (Kevin Klein) who meet an unsuccessful writer named Stingo. They become great friends and Stingo soon discovers the darkness of Nathan, and Sophie's most heart-wrenching secrets. I'm quite surprised this movie hasn't made it to IMDb's top 250 list, because this should be a movie that is recognized as the best performance from Meryl Streep in film history. Fantastic movie, truly heartbreaking, but very well made. 10/10
This is some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but this is just absolute dreck. Aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material. Jared Harris is particularly bad, but no one in this is remotely good. The plot is a joke, but not the haha kind. I don't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad. Please erase the last hour and a half of my life. How did this director make Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?
Price is a con-man with a dream. He finds an orphaned girl, forges a pedigree for her, and instructs a governess to make a baroness out of her. While she grows up, Price puts the finishing touches on forgeries making the girl baroness of Arizona, heiress to an entire region. The girl worships her savior, who marries her for the swindle and then ... but I won't spoil the ending. You're not likely to find this one at the video store, but if you see it on the late-nite movie, pop up some popcorn and give it a look.
This video was terrible. The evidence presented was nothing more than circumstantial at best. No convincing evidence was presented and somehow the video comes to its conclusion a tad premature and lacking any semblance of evidence. This video is just another thing to create divisions in the religious community and into the whole We're right/You're wrong mindset. This movie demonstrates everything that's wrong with organized religion. The big groups attack the small groups with stuff like this when they should be working together, isn't that what their little scripture book tells them to? Horrible video! DO NOT WATCH THIS!
The rights to this film were rescued from Disney. I dread to think what Disney would have done with the book. Thank goodness they never tried it! This book was one of my favourites, so I went to see the film in fear and trepidation. I needn't have worried. It is a beautiful film in its own right. Nothing was overstated. The emotions and nuances were captured perfectly by some wonderful performances, without the need to spell everything out in black and white. Please see this film. I haven't enjoyed anything so much in ages.
A documentary following five families who have been touched by the issues surrounding Homosexuality and the biblical interpretation most often publicized by the religious right. This movie shows what happens because of this and covers both sides of this issue in an even handed manner. I would be surprised that after watching this movie, many wouldn't change their viewpoint and be more tolerant of homosexuality. It has terrific interviews with theological scholars, Desmond Tutu, and many others. My only concern is that those who need to see this most aren't the ones who will attend this movie.
I like bad movies as much as the next guy but this one is just BORING. When i first started watching it I was under the impression it was about 70 minutes. I got up to the part where he was about to turn into "BLACKENSTEIN" and looked at the box again to read the time. I saw that it was about two hours long and i decided that 45 minutes of torture is enough for me. It's just so BORING the gag of the title wears off quick when you see what it actually looks like on screen.
This is a fun little story about a group of kids who are inspired by alien transmissions to build a spaceship from old junk parts. It features some of the early performances by Ethan Hawke and River Phoenix, back when they were young and enthusiastic performers. I'm actually totally green with envy at River Phoenix's role; it's the sort I always imagined playing as a kid. The climax is very similar to a classic Star Trek episode called 'The Squire of Gothos', and the effects and showmanship of this story is very cool. A great piece of entertainment.
Not one to dish out 10 out of 10 easily (check my other verdicts!), I must defer one to this film. It has been years since I saw it, but it is one of half a dozen films I'm still hassling the DVD shop if it will be available on one. All the elements of a great film are there, ruined if it had been shot in colour, ruined if the tune had been played on a piano, ruined if the echoes had been on modern Hi-fi, ruined if it had been any other way.
a madman has stolen two nuclear warheads and threatens to detonate them over a populated area if his demand for money is not met.that's the gist of the story.it stars John Travolta,Christian Slater,Samantha Mathis and Delroy Lindo,to name a few.it's a pulse pounding thriller from John Woo(mission Impossible 2).there's obviously a lot of action,and suspense,and the movie goes right down to the wire.John Travolta is good,as is Christian Slater,but i really liked Samantha Mathis,who i feel is and underrated actress.the action scenes are are exhilarating,though admittedly over the top.but for thrills,you can't beat it.for me,Broken Arrow is an 8/10
Buying The Cow is a tale of David Collins (Jerry O'Connell) who freaks after his girlfriend begins hinting for a proposal which results in him dating strange women. Ryan Reynolds and Alyssa Milano play a gay man and a hot girl. Buying the Cow had some comedy flow but it was not what I expected before purchasing. It is more serious then I realised for an O'Connell film. It had something that grabbed me but didn't quiete real me in. See for yourself. Pros well acted, realistic Cons didn't quite grab me, predictable
This is the first of three films that Oliver and Gleason made together as teacher Miss Withers and Inspector Piper. It is also the best, though Murder on the Blackboard is also top notch. The series continued without Oliver, but not at the same level. The dialogue is witty, prim, sarcastic and sometimes even suggestive. Gleason and Oliver have a fabulous chemistry, the likes of which would never been seen today, due to casting decisions that have more to do with pretty faces that acting talent and intelligence. If you like early talkie mysteries, this one will satisfy anytime.
This is one of my favorite mystery movies. Not only does "Somewhere in the Night" have a great supporting cast, but John Hodiak's performance as one suffering from amnesia has you with him every step of the way on his search for his true identity, missing money, and the reason he is being pursued by others. This plot has so many twists and turns you will not be bored! Look for an uncanny resemblance between John Hodiak and a very young Martin Landau of "Mission Impossible" fame. I saw this movie four times and rate it SUPERB!
100/100. The is one of the greatest romantic comedies of all time, everything comes together perfectly - direction, screenplay, score, cinematography and the cast, and what a terrific cast. Irene Dunne and Cary grant are excellent,and have such an amazing rapport, the supporting cast is outstanding, especially Gail Patrick, Granville Bates and Donald MacBride. Randolph Scott is well cast. Nominated for three Oscars, original screenplay,original music score and for art direction. There are so many memorable scenes and it is often laugh out loud funny. A great and unforgettable classic. The pacing is amazing, thanks to director Garson Kanin.
This is a really funny film by John Waters (Cry Baby, Polyester, Hairspray) and it's his sickest film. Kathleen Turner plays a sweet and perfect suburbia mom who suddenly decides to kill the people who don't do the right thing (just like bother her kids, not rewinding the rented videos or wearing white shoes after Labour Day). But she's not a complex serial killer: she goes and kill, in the most sordid and hilarious way. KT's performance is great and funny, and the rest of the cast is good. Rated: 8 out of 10. Hey, don't miss it!!!
Good classic film that shows how the North dealt with the Confederates and American Indians at the same time during the U.S. Civil war.Good overall production and the ciematography was very good.To nitpick,the movie started slow and Parker's dresses were too unrealistic for the circumstances.Also the romance chemistry between Parker and Holden was lacking.The script could also have been a tag better.Still,the second half of the film delivered the action goods which will delight true Western genre fans.Only for fans of the genre who are not partial to the Confederate side and fans of the lead stars......
Something is too different tahn how it is seen. You can understand the real event only by going too deep, but you can face something you dislike. An ordinary,lover class town in Istanbul and a murder affair happens. And than with the aid of 6 characters we enter into the event. I think this is one of the most wonderful Turkish movies in last years. And this film has been sent for Oscar change from Turkey this year. I think everybody should see this film to understand real power of cinema without colofful scenes and special effects.
This movie was disappointing to say the least. 'Terms of Endearment' is such a wonderful movie that I can imagine that it was difficult trying to create a sequel, but in this movie it is all too obvious that the writers were trying way too hard. Everything about this movie seems contrived and hopelessly devoid of the real emotion of the first. 'Terms' was more subtle and real, and I just felt like this movie was in your face trying to make you cry at every turn. It was actually difficult for me to sit through the whole thing.
This movie was pretty well done for a sequel.It has tons of drama, and romance. It felt at times like it was made for a TV movie. But if you like dramas or even a update on the people from "Terms of Endearment". This movie is a update of that movie. It was one of the best dramas I saw that year. The only problem with the movie is this, I wish it was a little bit longer. If you want to spend some time with old movie friends ,s ee this movie!!The cast is great especially Bill Paxton!!!
this movie was remarkably unintelligent, and a waste of time. all it was was a bunch of guns blasting all over the place, and ppl yelling out the f-word and ranting and raving about who to go kill next... and a gay transvestite cop, who was also an idiot (dafoe). it tries so hard to be all stylish and cool (with the irish brothers always reciting a prayer before they pump rounds into the back of someone's head, amongst other things), but fails miserably... well, okay, i suppose i have seen worse movies, but this one was pretty bad.
100/100. The is one of the greatest romantic comedies of all time, everything comes together perfectly - direction, screenplay, score, cinematography and the cast, and what a terrific cast. Irene Dunne and Cary grant are excellent,and have such an amazing rapport, the supporting cast is outstanding, especially Gail Patrick, Granville Bates and Donald MacBride. Randolph Scott is well cast. Nominated for three Oscars, original screenplay,original music score and for art direction. There are so many memorable scenes and it is often laugh out loud funny. A great and unforgettable classic. The pacing is amazing, thanks to director Garson Kanin.
Clear and Present Danger is an exciting addition to the world of Jack Ryan, delving deep into the world of international politics. Nail-biting suspense and explosive action sequences add to the movie, with some truly awesome military special operations added to the mix as well. The inner conflict between acting CIA Deputy Director Jack Ryan and Robert Ritter is extremely entertaining, Harrison Ford and Henry Czerny play their parts impeccably, as do Willem Dafoe as John Clark, James Earl Jones as Admiral James Greer and Raymond Cruz as cool soldier Domingo Chavez. Do not miss this top-notch political thriller!
This film is one of the greatest of all time. Hurt and Hopkins are excellent and the great Wendy Hillier and John Geilgud put in superb turns. The script is at once energetic,emotional and perfectly paced. Lynch's direction is also awesome. why did this film not win best picture? it is a trillion times better than ordinary people. Well done to Mel Brooks for producing such a beautiful film and having faith in the then relatively unheard of David Lynch. To me this is a crowning point in the careers of of Brooks,Lynch,Hurt, Hopkins,Hillier,Geilgud,Bancroft. A pure unadulterated masterpiece Brilliant
Though, I did not have the pleasure of watch this movie with the sound on because it was 3am, I was able to follow along with the subtitles. I only watched about 3/4 of this movie but that was enough to blow me away!!! Not only was the idea in this movie unique, but it had lots of great action. Not really that gory though. The best part was that it was pretty hilarious. There is pretty much swearing in this movie, but it's mostly not directed at people. This is a great movie...You should really go see it!!!
Andy Lau plays one of his most memorable characters. His love for film and manga plays nicely to the crowd. The use of 2 dialects in the film is nice. The third character (the girl) connects the two assassins in both story and dialect. In this movie you spend the time cheering for the bad guys and thrill their rivalry with the police and each other. In a showdown that everyone knows has to happen between the two hitmen you choose who you liked throughout the entire film and then see who comes out on top. An excellent film.
I don't mind some adult humor, but this feature was just downright dirty. The first 10 minutes consisted of Pryor swearing at some guy taking pictures, followed my even more profanities. I don't know what happened between that time the the last 5 minutes because I walked out. After seeing this I never looked at Richard Pryor the same way again. And to think that he actually went on to host a childrens' show. If profanity and tasteless, unfunny dirty jokes make you laugh, then you'll probably enjoy this. But if you're an "old-fashioned" type, then don't bother.
This movie left me with mixed feelings. The filmography is beautiful but the acting not quite. The good thing is that it is really a climbing movie, not an action movie wrapped up into a mountain scenery (like Cliffhanger or Vertical Limit). Some of the actors are real (and good) climbers and one gets a glimpse of the climbing ethics (or lack thereof when sponsors come into the field). The scenario is very loosely based on the story of the first ascent of Cerro Torre, a hard Patagonian peak. Definitely worth seeing if you are into climbing.
I saw a print of this film in a Latin American class a few years ago and was blown away." Who was the director?" was my question. It combined elements of Godard, Bertulucci, and the American musical. The images are as stunning as any by Vittorio Storraro and the story is ultimately uplifting and hopeful as it details the lives of Argentine exiles trying to survive and move on with their lives while in exile in Paris. Brilliant , but virtually unavailable in the states. This film needs to be discovered by film lovers and lovers of the tango.
And charm. Or maybe it's just my sense of humor. Or maybe just not very likeable character (Eric Berger). Or to predictable and in some places sci-fi story. A too lovable parents one day and hostile the next day. Very unlikeable, don't you think? Beside that, this movie is full of already seen comic elements which leads to some boring moments. European movies normally has it's charm and there are some great French comedies in the market, sadly this one isn't one of them, and that's why only 3 out of 10.
Movie, despite being kind of low-budget, was done very well. Only annoying thing was that the props and costumes seemed out of its time, and people looked too clean. Plot is okay, but kind of unexplained. Like, how does Vlad get so much suppoert. I liked the movie because it tries to clear up Vlad's name. Everybody looks at him as this evil-incarnate who killed people, but all that he wanted to do was liberate his people. If you like those gloomy historical movies, then this is for you. I'm giving it 9/10.
It is worth the price of admission, but I did not like the quick-editing techniques in the movie. I was with the movie but 20 minutes before the end the story could have been written better. Just a little less vengefulness was needed in certain places. All and all, Sly Stallone's acting is enough to make this film entertaining. It is good to see him put himself and his style of acting into the film. I might add, movie score and incidental music was superb Good compositioning and orchestration. Good Seattle scenery, and some Pacific Northwest scenes.
Very entertaining. It's clever, lots of good personalities on camera, the editing is witty. As a Democrat, a bitter pill to swallow. While I appreciated the focus on campaign strategy, it was impossible for me to sit through this without thinking about the murkier questions surrounding this event. I left feeling that the filmmakers had to turn a blind eye to those questions in order to get the story they were after. I suspect it would be a deeper film if they had explored the chaos created by the surprises of the campaign. line 10
Robot Chicken is absolutely hilarious. At first look i thaought it was stupid until my friend turned me on to it and I'm glad he did. i watch it every Sunday at 11:30. I love Stop Motion Animation I think the whole concept is awesome. so naturally i love a show of all stop motion. this is definitely one of my favorites. Don't let the title turn you away. it is only ten minutes long so give it a chance and if you don't like it.... whats ten minutes right Perfect 10 Check it out
Shanghai Triad never gains momentum from a slow start and languid pacing until it eventually fizzles out. Gong Li looks superb and director Zhang Yimou's attention to detail and stylistic conceits never fail to impress. But the plot is overly simplistic and the characters never rise above a narrative bogged down with one dimensional characters and clichéd situations. You get the feeling Yimou was ready for something different in his career and Gong Li had played one too many parts under his direction. That said, it is entertaining without ever attaining the high standards of previous collaborations.
One of 2002's best acting performances is in this movie about two young women pursuing their dreams but only finding emptiness. One will never be disappointed by the always great acting of Gena Rowlands and Juliette Lewis. The surprise is in the acting of Uma Thurman. Her character has to be one of the most difficult roles I've ever seen, and she is so convincing that it's hard to believe that she doesn't live a life off-stage as she did here. The movie is excellently directed and edited. The subject is somewhat discomforting, as is much of today's culture.
It's interesting to see this movie for only two reasons: 1) the fun of spotting scenes directly ripped off in later movies like Friday the 13th Part 2; 2) the ending, which comes out of left field and manages to be both shocking and funny. However, merely being "the first" slasher movie does not make you the best. Maybe if there was a shred of character development this wouldn't be such a yawner. Oh, and if you are going to see this movie, PLEASE get a subtitled copy...the dubbing is so bad you literally can't hear half the dialogue.
Mike Myers, as his own father Stuart, is quite possibly one of the funniest characters I have every seen, and it is worth it to watch if only for those moments. The rest is strong as well, with excellent comedic performances from Anthony LaPaglia, Alan Arkin, and the late great Phil Hartman. Not the tightest script around, So I Married an Axe Murderer makes up for any lags with its hearty and frequent laughs, coming mostly from the excellent acting of Myers and the aforementioned performers. I guarantee that anyone who watches this movie will be quoting from it.
"Praise" is a slice-of-misery Aussie flick which looks into the waxing and waning of a relationship between a sexually obsessed woman and her taciturn and less experienced boyfriend while both languish in a life of self indulgence, sex, indolence, sex, drugs, sex and more sex. "Praise" is one of those films which slip between the cracks of public consciousness for want of broad market appeal and entertainment value while garnering critical and industry acclaim for its ability to faithfully portray difficult human issues. A good flick for adult cinema devotees who are as interested in execution as in content.
Not only is it unrealistic, it's flat out insulting. Complete torture to watch and the ending made me want to break my TV. Those "commercial breaks" are the dumbest movie gimmick out. I was at least hoping for some clever future ad tag lines like "the sky is no longer the limit", but no, all you get is a blank screen. What a way to bore anyone watching. Actually, I might have perfered to watch a blank screen for the entire hour and a half. Anyone giving this movie a positive comment must have worked on it.
One of the few chances to see the great Gertrude Lawrence on screen. her amanda is so complex,manic,gentele,harsh. a truly great performance that was totally ignored by the academy.arthur kennedy too is compelling as tom. a shame he did not do more William's on screen he was one of the major stage interpreters of the man. only jane wyman seems miscast,a bit too character-actressy for the subtlty of the role to shine through.too bad,because without a good laura half the play is lost. a good effort that could have been great if they had not used wyman.
Classic comedy from two of the funniest men in cinema. The film itself is a vehicle for some of the best slapstick in any modern film. The main critism is that the film gets slightly boring towards the end as the comedy is replaced by the plot as both characters attempt a jailbreak. That said however, it is definately worth seeing this film just for the classic scene when Wilder and Prior are convicted of Armed Robbery and sent to the county jail. For the next hour the film is as funny as any I have seen. Classic Stuff!
yes, this another one of those treasury sting stories...but the story is solid...the dialogue crisp and intelligent... that's true of most noir films from the late 40's...what makes this special are lloyd bridges and barbara payton...his mild manner of speech only augments the gangster character he plays ..and barbara payton has never looked so beautiful and sure of herself as his girl...the lighting is a darker shade of gray and black, shadows and reflections...people aren't who they seem to be and this common theme explodes at the ending...be sure and add this to your collection of top film noir.
Has everything. Whitney acts better than Costner, but great story and well made. Loved the references to Yojimbo. Good country scenes with the father from the Waltons. The characters rang true. The jealousy of Rachel's sister rang true and added another dimension to the movie. And then there is the music. Incredible. Made the best use of Whitney's voice. Most movies age, but in 2009 it still felt contemporary. 1 point dropped for Costner's acting. He is wooden in a number of scenes and doesn't seem to choose the best delivery for each line.
Disney sure does spend alot of money on so called quality childrens programming. Just like Hey Arnold and alot of these poorly drawn cartoons. All they do is just take 3 episodes of the regular cartoon and string em together and call it a movie . you could sit your kids in front of the tv and watch the same thing for free.. they dont improve the animation ,its the same lame stuff as weekday afternoon stuff. doug is a very poor cartoon and the characters dull stupid and idiotic. your kids would do better watching Zoom ...
Both an entertaining and a sincere movie. Jules Sitruk definitely did a very good job in here. The story had indeed some emotional involvements and was above the average. I liked the way Gerard Jugnot and Jules interacted with each other. Sometimes it was a bit oversubscribed and unrealistic - I'm thinking of the gorgeous sequence with the German soldier who had his knee dislocated - but nonetheless it didn't minimize the movie's natural charm. The historical background adds a significant amount of authenticity to the whole plot and grants the movie additional quality. Solid acting, entertaining experience. Recommended.
Don't let this pass you by. Evocative, funny, poignant, and tragic by turns, it leaves you with a warm feeling and a sense of puzzlement: if they can make things as good as this, how come we have to put up with so much dross? Great ensemble playing, great music, stand-out miniature performances from Christine Lahti, Mercedes Ruehl, Rosie Perez, and Gregory Hines, but the icing on the cake is a chilling song from Taryl Hicks in "Sax Cantor Riff". The musical close under the credits was also a knock-out. Quote of the movie: "Only in New York..."
I just finished watching this movie...and wow. It's very interesting, and it puts forth a different light on suffrage, one that I had never been privy to before. I never understood the depths that these women went to to give the right to vote for all. It's a beautiful movie, and is quite well done. The music makes it interesting as well, and there are plenty of emotional parts. Its a great movie and it makes you feel that these women fought for so much, and that the least we can do is vote. Great.
Dubbed and low-budget, this horror movie is long, boring, and not particularly interesting except for the parapsychologist whose presence and storyline is wasted, Kevin McCarthy completed wasted, and a plot premise that held promise but wasn't fully utilized by a script that seemed to wander. Fortunately Mr. McCarthy gets to continue to perform in contemporary roles even now, particularly SLIPSTREAM (2007). Michael Moriarity is also not given sufficient opportunity to shine in this movie either. And Mr. Moriarity continues to gain better recognition since this movie. A disappointing movie that really doesn't present anything that isn't better done elsewhere.
I went into the cinema with expectations of a Mugahal-e-Azam kind of movie. It turned out to be equivalent of "Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag" instead. The script is mediocre. Plot is shallow. Message to be conveyed is not clear. The pace of the narration is uneven. In short if you have time and money to be spent on nothing better, go and watch it. Otherwise stay away. The editing, screenplay, music and direction leave a lot on the table. Performances are mediocre at best. It is full of historical inaccuracies.
The 1949 European Champion and 1948 Olympic runner-up Eva Pawlik from Austria is excellent both as the leading lady of the Vienna ice revue ensemble and as an actress. I have seen this movie about ten times and I must say it is worth watching even more often. I can strongly recommend this movie to everyone interested in the history of figure skating and of ice shows. I have seen many a movie with the legendary Sonja Henie from Norway, thrice Olympic Champion, but there was none among these films that was as charming as "Frühling auf dem Eis".
What a scream! Oliver Platt reinforced his greatness with me, perfecting his role as a neurotic Mafia man, and there were so many classic lines in this movie ("I can't even go to the bathroom without getting in a pissing contest.") that I will have to add this to my personal movie collection soon. I would think that this is a love/hate movie with most people, but I can't imagine anyone not laughing during the newspaper theft scene (with Oliver Platt and his neighbor). I am glad my eye caught this movie at the movie rental place!!
As you can see by the name in my email adress, i am a huge fan of madonna, but in this movie she performs her worst acting.... I personally think it's because of the cooperation between husband and wife (madonna and sean penn). In the past this combination of husband and wife playing together in the same movie has to end in a bad trip! Examples: Bruce willis & Demi Moore, Nicole Kidman & Tom Cruise, i am sure you can name one couple for yourself who are acting in a movie, but the acting isn't worth the movie.....
We threw out the Television and broke its picture tube in the middle of this film. I'm not kidding. In my life I have only been fully repulsed by the theme, story, acting and directing of a movie a couple of times. Orca, the Killer Whale comes to mind.... Not just bad, but disgusting and disturbing. The mixture of sexual violence and mayhem/murder, a combination I have reported on before, is below any line any film-goer can draw. Coprophagia and cannibalism are all that's left to sink to, and there's no bottom to hit.
This really could have been written by committee. The plot is ridiculous and contrived, the script is painfully predictable, the characters are two-dimensional cardboard cut-outs, and the film's pay-off is painfully obvious from the beginning. I guess I didn't expect too much more from Schwimmer (I'm sure he'll get better with experience), but Pegg really should know better. This is a pretty feeble effort by all concerned, which, at times, is so cloyingly smothered in saccharine that you almost expect an irate Richard Curtis to appear, demanding royalties and screaming about breach of copyright. 3/10
Film about a rebel rouser in a run down hospital for disabled kids. Imagine "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" from a snotty kid's perspective and you have this mess of a film. Direction, script, acting and just about every other form of input in this film is stilted and weak. The fact that Spacey spent his time on this film is truly disheartening--good thing is that you realize that no matter how great an actor one maybe, direction and script are very important. Do not watch unless you want a reason to put your fist through the television.
I should have guessed what this film would be like from a couple of hecklers at the cinema I saw it. "I've seen milk turn quicker than this". And this was only during the opening credits. They left soon after. I should have too. All I can say about this film is a perfect cure for insomnia...show this to a chronic insomniac and they will be out like a light in a couple of minutes. An A-list cast should have turned out something much more interesting than this bore-fest. Thank god I haven't read the book...
Dennis Hopper, who I think is great, should stick to acting, and as for Linda Manz, justifiably forgotten, could they not find anyone who could act? The dialog is excruciating, and the bleakness of their lives is not original enough to get past it. Typical white trash lives, not compellingly told. Really long, horrible songs by Neil Young accompany equally long, boring scenes. The junkie mom angle could have been played up, as it was it was gratuitous to make her a junkie slut, a slut would have been enough. The dynamite should have been used a hour earlier.
*********** ********************** ******************** Guys, this movie sucks! I wasted my 1 hour and 30 mints to watching this crap and I was thinking why people makes this type of movie? Then how can they made some great movies too?? Well, the title and "Genere" made me interested about it, so I watched...well, if you guys want to waste your 12$ money and 120mints from your life then please watch it! Nothing to say more, only typing now to complete my 10 lines quota. Well, do something good, better watch some porn than this crap. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A really bad movie. I never cracked a smile. I very rarely give a film a rating below 5, (gave this one a 3) not because there are no bad movies, it's just that I don't watch films that I think are going to be bad. I taped this one just because it had Justine Bateman in it, and I had liked some of her stuff on TV. She wasn't bad here, she just had nothing to work with. This one was painful to watch. I wasted 90 minutes, and the cast and crew wasted 6 days. Grade: F
I like slapstick if done well, but it certainly isn't in this idiotic "comedy" about two twin brothers in different life situations switching roles (boy, compare "Trading Places"). Neither the slapstick nor anything else in this movie is funny. Perhaps the pie fight is a minor redeemer, for even tho it could be better in certain ways, it is so long and thorough that it is somewhat enjoyable. It is also tainted by the stupid antics, however. If you've seen "Spy Hard" and did not like it, do no see this. You gotta be nuts to like this film.
Special effects was quite cheesy, as you can see a lot of the shots were poor CGG (computer generated graphics). Also the story line was dorky and boring, and quite implausible. The lady character was good-looking. huh. The vehicle looked like it was from Battlestar Galatica. Not much more to say, not worth the money to pay to see, but if it's free, I guess it's okay. That's about it.. don't have much more to say. The "Wil" character from Star Trek didn't add much to the story line. The Chinese connection was lame.
Awful awful awful. I kept wondering if this movie wasn't made in 1928, not 1958. War of the Worlds was made in 1953 and is like Star Wars compared to this movie. I could make this movie in my backyard with a camcorder and a $1000 budget. Okay, maybe not. Sound editing was crappy, special effects (if you can call them that) were bad, acting was pretty bland. The storyline was bad. The costumes were okay, that's about it. I saw it on Turner Classic Movies, but I still want my money back.
Sorry, but mummy's aren't scary. Especially badly-made ones that wander around with flashlights in their chests. This is one of those films where you wonder why you don't stop watching; you know it's not going to get any better. But, after you've invested the time to start watching it, well...who wants to let that go to waste. Here's a tip for you; if you get the idea you're watching a bad movie, you probably are. Get up and walk away. You only have so many minutes in your life; don't let movies like "Time Waster" devour any of them.
By the last half hour of the movie, I wanted to bang my head against a wall. I love Lindsay Lohan, and I thought she was great in Freaky Friday, and maybe the reason she annoyed me so much in this movie was the fact that she was TOO good. She really was a drama queen. As for the movie, random fantasy scenes with cartoonish seventies figures and background everywhere was truly irritating. Also, her outfits in the film were so horribly hideous. I suppose this movie was amusing, but still, the word that describes it best is "annoying".
I've seen Prince of Darkness only twice in my life. The first time I saw it I was about 10 years old, and it scared the snot out of me. About 10 years later or so, I saw it again, and it wasn't very frightening at all. It may be that Prince of Darkness suffers from the same fate as Exorcist and Jaws -- it's dated. 12 years ago it may well have been a scary movie, but today it's fairly tame, and I expect to see it on the Family Channel's Halloween Film Fest one of these years.
This movie is unbelievably bad. The first time I saw it, it threw me for a loop, because it violated so many of the conventions of intelligible moviemaking that I almost felt shell-shocked. The second time, I found it absolutely hilarious. It has more camp value than a Winnebago. From gratuitous sex, to actors twenty years too old for their parts, to acting that would embarrass a junior high school drama club, to editing that makes home movies look slick, to three-minute shots of a mailbox, to special effects beyond compare... It's a must-see. It's just beyond description.
This movie tells the story about a motorcycle gang who terrorizes a filmcrew. They take the crew hostage and perform various disgusting things with them. If you're very interested in the old Hells Angels (pre 60's) and think that smelling bad, looking bad, drinking and driving at the same time is cool then this film is most certainly for you. If not, then you just might as well pass this one by as most other people thankfully will. I think the average grade that this movie(1.0 at this time) has reflects well how good this movie is.
What century was this film made in? The racial attitudes in this snooze-fest are unbelievable. Yeah sure. Any self-respecting black tribe in Africa will bow down at the first white person who walks along. Ridiculous. There's very little plot here: Pilots look for girl, find her, try to escape. The end. For the life of me, I don't know why this film was made. There's absolutely no point, and it would fail as an action/adeventure film because there's so little action (and some pathetic insertions of stock footage). I would expect better from the two lead actors.
This is a really bad movie. Several of us watched it together and spent a lot of the movie glancing at each other with "What the hell is this?" looks. None of the characters are appealing, the main character is totally unsympathetic. At no point in the movie do you care about anybody. Performances are bad. The script is juvenile and silly..hard to believe it was written by an adult (Maybe it wasn't). It is not smart enough to be an art movie, not clever enough to be a cult film. It is poorly shot and poorly acted. AVOID!
I have only seen the 7 minute version, so I may be missing out on a lot. Anyway, here is the rundown of events in "Rabbit's Moon". Somebody dressed in a clown suit is standing outside looking at the moon. A rabbit appears. Then a court jester appears and does a mime routine. Finally, a woman appears and does a terrible dance. The End. Maybe I am just too stupid to understand the artistic integrity of this short. All I know is that it is boring and, in my humble opinion, a waste of celluloid and talent.
What are they thinking about when they make drivel like this. No plot, just melodrama, same stereotypes and same typecast actors in same crap no plot movie. Abhishek doesn't belong in a role opposite Ash, he is better placed behind a terminal at Wipro Infotech. On top of that who is that gay dude who comes as Vik to marry Ash and take her money. He is the son of Bhushan from Buiniyaad , yet another historical typecast fellow. The only thong missing was Alok Nath as a a overemotional uncle of Ash. ...Aamir Khan
A wild, mock-documentary, a la Ken Burn's "The Civil War". The emphasis here is on "wild" - a wild, scatter-shot, liberal-biased attempt to swipe at every tired, pathetic Southern stereotype. While well-produced and full of (uncomfortable) novelty, the simultaneously laughable, queasy, and historically and culturally naïve experiment to imagine a modern "history" of the Confederate States of America is a palpably unsubtle insult - not only to Southerners, to Black Americans, and to modern conservatives but, ultimately, to all Americans. As a Northern Liberal, even I have to wonder: to what type of Troglodytic audience is this film pitched?
i think that a religious sermon wouldn't be scared... i guess this has something similar to all king movies with more than one tale... it's cinematography is very good, and acting is not bad. it's just that it comes across lame and very cheesy... nothing to be seen here... i give my points from technical aspects... otherwise a miss... i've seen a lot worse too, but this is not a winner. the rest of the lines i'll recommend some horror-movies: the brood the uninvited the entity changeling ... those kinda movies have some depth
If this movie was the only thing on TV I wouldn't watch it. Pay movie theater price for it? I want my money back. Bad ass female police officer with abusive father falls in love with mysterious heroic stranger. What a thriller. Was this movie about Jennifer Lopez's character or about the recovering accident victim? I kept thinking "Catch" was going to be a serial killer or something of that sort. Unfortunately, we had to be dragged down this melodramatic movie like a bad soap opera. This movie should have been called "Touched by an Angel," not Angel Eyes.
First of all I do not know how I landed up to watch this unbearable movie... The characters are really weak, The plot nothing great. And certain moment seem to have been stolen from other movies like Chocalat!!! The script and direction are weak and did not hold me for more then 15 minutes. However I still watched the film till end. How do such filmmakers get financed? I guess there are brave people like me around who make up the audience -maybe thats how. please avoid. Save your money and spare your being...
A ridiculous movie that plays to the '60s-style stereotype that a lesbian is a woman who hasn't found the right man yet, so bides her time with another woman. If she doesn't, heaven forbid, want a man, then she's an evil temptress and must die in the end. Of course, there's the usual batty performance from Sandy Dennis and some interesting imagery with Keir Dullea and the fox. The relationship was almost redeemed when the word 'love' was finally uttered near the end of the film, but it was too little, too late for this dated and cowardly film.
I not only saw the film,but worked on it as well and had a small role in it,JHS39 is correct in his review. From day one of filming one knew how horrible this film would turn out to be. Not only is it a waste of funds,but talent such as Scott Glenn,Raymond Cruz and Constance Marie. I will not go into details,but let's just say Scott was one really mad actor,and I cannot blame him do to the unprofessional style of work Mike Kirton the director displayed throughout the month of filming. Waste of $1mil!
The only thing that I could tolerate in this movie was Gavin. After he was converted I stopped caring. I didn't really care about "steve". I will not forget his name since every character said it about 20 times. The worst part was the use of the soundtrack. It would blare out of nowhere and then abruptly stop. By the end I was hoping to see the two get converted. Then they had to go break free and then get saved by the "retarded janitor"?? Poor science and poor fiction make for hollywood grist in the MST3K mill. 2/10
The producers of this crap owe the horror fans a BIG apology. There's no way they could have been serious. This was a sorry excuse for a comedy. They tried gore for no reason other than they knew the joke was flat. This gets one star for the idea, and another for the concert scenes. Even though the music was worse than anything I could think of. Deaths follow a metal band on tour. Did they do it? Will you care? No!!! Put it back and rent something else.
I bought this film being an avid classics collector especially of some of the old horror actors like Lugosi and Zucco(a great arch-fiend such as the role of Dr. Moriarity in some Sherlock Holmes endeavors) I found this movie tried to hard to be scary and campy. although it had an aura of the gumshoe mystery to it you could easily get the feeling that the film was almost plotless. However, being Lugosi's only color film it wasn't so bad that I wouldn't have it in my collection. I rated it a hesitant 4 (I debated with a 5).
Vendetta (1986) is about a b-movie stunt woman who goes into prison just to find out who iced her little sis. I wanted to take a shower after I watched this movie, I've never felt so dirty. Typical, cheap, whitesploitation, low budget sleaze filled with unattractive female harness bulls, prison matrons and tired looking, road worn actors. I wouldn't recommend this movie to my worst enemy. It's that bad. No redeeming qualities, No fun. Bad acting, sloppy directing and no budget make this one a real dog. Movies like this give trashy films a bad name. Woof, Woof.
The Legacy suffers from a crisis of identity. On the one hand, it's a horror movie, with the requisite supernatural elements and inexplicable occurrences. On the other hand, it's a mystery in the cozy, Agatha Christie style, set in a large Victorian mansion in the English countryside, with corpses turning up left and right. Of course, there's no law against blending genres. To do so successfully, however, takes a defter hand than is evident here. The result is an incoherent mess that leaves the viewer feeling cheated. The actors do their collective best, but this one's beyond help.
This movie had some good moments and a great start. I had forgotten that Penny Marshall directed it and when it ended and her name was up there I was surprised and even more disappointed. The script was too thin, trite and predictable. There were far to many moments in it that seemed hollow. Loved Mika Boorem at the beginning. Her performance in Hearts in Atlantis was part of my impetus to see it. Hearts in Atlantis had an esp element in its plot and still managed to seem more true to life than this cartoon. Oh well.
No doubt not the best from director Jack Arnold, but very watchable. A college professor(Arthur Franz) nicks his hand on the teeth of a prehistoric fish and turns into a murderous man/beast. Parts of this movie can be very chilling and then a few moments later you want to shout "That's pretty funny". Watch this in tandem with one of Arnold's better flicks TARANTULA and you will have a fun and thrilling evening. Franz gives a great performance compared to the rest of the cast that includes: Joanna Moore, Nancy Walters, Whit Bissell and pretty boy Troy Donahue.
Insipid and listless remake of the Saturday morning cartoon show of the 1960's. Obviously made to cash in on Baby Boomer sentiments. Lacks all the fun and humor of the cartoon, and goes on way too long. This sitcom format is rarely sustainable for more than standard 30 or 60 minutes shows. THE FLINSTONES wears out its welcome after the beginning musical score. The script is unfunny, predictable and dull. John Goodman is an exceptional actor, yet he can't save this turkey. Kids will be bored, and those who remember the original with any fondness, will likely get depressed.
Rubbish - Utter rubbish Why? - Its not a comedy - Its Bad Acting - Not Storyline - Makes as much sense as my cat does - The characters are out of character - BADLY ADVITISED Yeah - The list goes on This IS NOT what French and saunders are used to doing, they should stick to making great comedy's like Ab Fab, Vicar of Dibly. Not this Rubbish. Kill this series before it gives the great British comedy a bad name. Seriously, my dog is a better source of comedy when it is asleep!
This stagey adaptation of a French play is fairly creaky but still provides the occasional chuckle as Frank Fay essays a double role as a husband missing with amnesia for five years. When he turns up on his 'widow's' doorstep one day as a trendy hairdresser, complications ensue. Harvey Thew's screenplay has a decent number of double entendres but is surprisingly restrained with the homoerotic subtext--especially when Fay is discovered in bed with James Gleason! Nicely though somewhat statically directed by Michael Curtiz, The Matrimonial Bed also features some nifty set design and a few memorable shots in silhouette.
This is probably the worst Tori Amos performance I have ever seen. I have seen her live 3 times, and most of her televised performances including her appearances on MTV Unplugged, Hard Rock Live, and PBS. Most of the originals have improvised sections. As a Zeppelin fan I am all for improvisation as long as it adds to, while improving the song. However, her improvisations here do neither. She sings off key on occasion, and the performance seems a little forced. If you want good live Tori get a copy of her performance on Hard Rock Live. Rating: 4/10.
Aldo Sambrell plays Gato Nebo,a thousand year old Haitan priest who is decapitated along with his lover Kenya for adultery and murder.Then the film takes place during 70's and is set on a cruise ship to Port-Au-Prince,Haiti.After being awakened Gato Nebo starts decapitating various ship passengers with a sword.Add also a romance between reincarnated Kenya and her mummified lover and an absurd climax set in an ancient cavern in Kenya."Voodoo Black Exorcist" is an inept Spanish horror flick with fuzzy guitar score and phony looking beheadings.Outrageously silly script doesn't help either.Only for the discerning trash enthusiast.4 out of 10.
Tony Parker: Well, actually, I'm a bisexual lesbian in a man's body... but it's more complicated than that. Now this is an Eddie Izzard moving worth watching. Not a great film, mind you, but a bit funny. Izzard was precious as tony parker. i can't get the image of Joey out of my mind when I see Matt LeBlanc, so seeing him as the tough guy was a bit odd. Nicolette Krebitz was actually the best actor in the film. No one does a British Officer better than Edward Fox (Ghandi, A Bridge Too far)
Mainly because of the technical issues of the DVD = the captions last for 3 microseconds so it is almost impossible to know (unless you understand one of 2 versions of Chinese)what are they saying. And they are forunatelly not talking too much. I rented this DVD because of the comments here on IMDB. Damn, pleople! What the hell did you see inthis movie. Every half-drunk drama/film student can shoot 88 minutes of this thing in 44 minutes. With lunch break included!!! Scenes are slow so without any loss you can watch it on fast-forward. I'm not kidding.
There are amateur films, And films that look amateur. This looked amateur. Discontinuities cluttered the film. And any repeated actions in the film were achieved by playing back old footage. I actually thought I had a bad download. The first probably three minutes of the film is repeated frame for frame a little more than half way through. Then latter in the ending sequence they keep repeating the exact footage not in flash back but because the director was simply too lazy shoot different actions in different ways. I was thoroughly impressed by how bad this was.
SPY HARD starts with an in joke of having Mr T pilot a helicopter and that`s about as sophisticated as the film gets . It`s a spy spoof with refferances to IN THE LINE OF FIRE , SPEED , PULP FICTION etc and even includes a sly nod to FELLOWSHIP OF THE THE RING years before that movie was filmed ! . Leslie Nielson does his Frank Drebin routine under the surrogate name of Dick Steel . It`s entertaining enough but does get very silly in places and never gets close to the hilarity of THE NAKED GUN series
When visiting my grandmothers house on a Sunday afternoon i'm normally susceptible to all sorts of tripe that pass as Sunday Afternoon Family Films. Today I was treated to this, but Sean Connery is in it, it can't be that bad can it? Yes it can. This is far and away the worst film i've ever seen. The acting is horribly bad, but not in a funny way. It's beyond laughter. The concepts are completely implausible and the whole thing is just horrible. I don't know why Connery was involved in this but I bet he wishes he wasn't.
Watching this film was like reliving the jobs I had in my 20's - waiting for 5 o'clock, looking busy, trying to impress people who didn't give two hoots about you, and the dreams...ah, the dreams... This is a very believable study of working life for the bottom rung female. How they band together, then fall apart. It's ultimately a sad story with some hope for 2 of the characters. But it's as close to life as it gets. Wonderful performances by all 4 actresses. And small roles by some big character actors make this a good film.
Not as bad as "Bone Sickness" well ...yeah it is. This movie is bad. Very bad!!! The director did'nt even want his name on it but put it on it since the crew asked him to. That should be all you need to know. I love horror ...just so you know. I love a lot of really bad horror, but this is not the good kind of bad in any way. Don't spend any money on this flick. By "any money" I mean "ANY" ! A penny would be too much. You have been warned!
Besides being a great fan of Gary Cooper(Capt. Quincy Wyatt) "Love In The Afternoon",'57; my family wanted to visit Florida and the Castillo de San Marcos Fort in 1951 where a great scene in the film depicts a fight in this famous fort, now a National Monument. My family visited the fort the day after Gary Cooper was at this fort. As many have said, there is great under water photography, actual scenes of Florida during the 1950's which made it more realistic. Gary Cooper carried this entire film on his back and it is truly a great film classic.
I saw Mulan, Anastasia and Prince of Egypt in a row. I loved Mulan, I loved Anastasia even more, and now... Well, I must say that Prince of Egypt is probably the best of all. I'd even say, the best animation feature ever produced in the USA (aside from Batman : Mask of the Phantasm). It is a real piece of art, aiming to entertain everybody, not only act as a baby-sitter movie for kids. There aren't even any pets here. Only a great story, moving scenes, credible characters and fantastic music and storyboard. You will love this one.
This action film concerning the transport of a laser gun talks itself to death. Crew and cast both show signs that they were caught in the Indonesian heat: the stunts and special effects are bad; whether a good guy or a bad guy, everybody's acting is bad ; there is no decent story; Ashley's directing is hopeless. The film is beaming something conceited like "what you can do in Hollywood, we can do at least as good", but of course the makers were wrong, they simply lacked the talent. They should have used the laser beam to obliterate this film.
I could understand why some people wouldn't find this funny - if you didn't absolutely connect with the humour that's involved, you'd almost describe DUST OFF THE WINGS as annoying. But, if you've ever glimpsed Sydney's party-surf-party-surf-party lifestyle, you'll know what this film's on about, and the humour is undeniably aussie. Kate Ceberano is surprisingly good; there are some fantastic and memorable quotes ("I'm opening a brothel." "Yeah? What's it called?" "C***s-R-us"); the acting, while not brilliant, is funny at least. If you want to see Sydneysiders making fools of themselves, DUST OFF THE WINGS is the ultimate viewing experience.
If you thought Tsotsi was brilliant, Jerusalema will blow you away. It's about determination and hope. I've never seen such an apt depiction of township life. Big -up 2 the producers for the angle they took. I loved the music and how they tied Jerusalema with the lead characters' praying mother! A must see, for inspiration if nothing else! Guys lets praise SA for producing such an magnificent movie in the international screens, u better start going to the cinemas to watch the awesome job did by our camera men, editors and directors etc. Big up Mzantsi Big up.
Writer/director Uwe Boll's war drama takes place in the Cu Chi jungles of Viet Nam circa 1968. There is no rule book, no play book for war...especially this one. Armed with handguns, flashlights and knives, Sergeant Vic Hollowborn(MIchael Pare) leads a combat unit into underground warfare with the goal to eradicate the Viet Cong resistance forces burrowed effectively in their narrow and dusty domain. Hand to hand battle not for pride...but survival. Interesting, but nothing real special. Pare is a believable bigoted leader. Others in the cast: Nate Parker, Wilson Bethel, Brandon Fobbs, Brad Schmidt, Jane Le and Scott Ly.
Richard Pryor struggles mightily with the forced, weak, idiotic material in "Moving". After each effort at generating laughs, there seems to be an uncomfortable silence as the audience consistently remains silent, or worse yet, sighs at this unbelievably unfunny movie. Vacilating wildly between slapstick and just plain nonsense, there are no more than two chuckles, and it leaves you feeling almost embarrassed for having watched. Do not be misled by the token appearance of Rodney Dangerfield, because he is almost totally wasted, and Randy Quaid's character is so repetitively abrasive, he quickly becomes boring. Very definitely not recommended. - MERK
Dubbed "Then There Were Giants" on cable, this made-for-tv two part film spends three hours presenting a theatrical digest of the communication which ostensibly took place between FDR, Churchill, and Stalin during WWII. Against a backdrop of file footage and the various sets required for conferences (Teheran, Yalta, etc.), the trio of heads-of-state build complex relationships of diplomacy as they map out plans for D-Day, the UN, and more. Lithgow, Hoskins, and Caine turn in excellent performances in this sterling characterization of the men who occasioned some of the 20th centuries most momentous events. Great stuff for WWII history buffs.
Great, great, great! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was great (Jerry O'connel is soooo cute!), the music was great (The sixties had the best music ever, imho), the historical material was interesting, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s. And most of all - the stories of the main characters brought tears to my eyes, and that is the greatness of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: GREAT!
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my whole entire life. I have seen some pretty bad movies, but this takes the cake. Just watching the first five minutes of this movie I wanted to shoot myself in the head, and remove my eyeballs. I mean the guy drops a baby doll to steal some mail. After that he goes on to saying "What we did back there didn't make any sense" Damn right that didn't make sense, the whole movie doesn't make sense. The worst movie EVER! Worse than GIGLI! There I said it.
I saw this movie for the first time in an old small town movie house in Big Spring, Texas back in 1978. Seeing the film where I did is one reason I will never forget it . . . and there are at least 20 other reasons I will probably watch it once every few years until I'm gone. I have watched it at least a dozen times over the past 20 years. It's a great movie and I recommend it highly. I laughed and cried out loud. Few things in life are more important than surfing with your friends.
When i start watching "Blue Hill Avenue", my expectations were low(Because it was an independent movie and the quality of the camera was a little bad),but i was wrong. The plot is just awesome and the actors make an excellent work. I really felt the same emotions and adrenaline that the carachters. It's a wonderful Drama/Action movie that everyone should see and it's really a shame that it's so over rated. My final classification is 7 out of 10. It's a powerful movie, with a very good storyline and an excellent acting. A Must-see of Independent movies.
Barry Pepper and Thomas Jane portray two legendary baseball heroes like they grew up watching them play and play. The supporting cast adds to this film as Jennifer Crystal Foley (Pat Maris), Chris Bauer (Bob Cerv), Anthony Michael Hall (Whitey Ford), and Bruce McGill (Ralph Houk) brilliantly display the up and down emotions of dealing with two players thrust into the limelight of trying to break one of baseball's all time records. Billy Crystal does a masterful job directing this cast to recreate childhood memories of HIS hero (Mantle) and the battle he faces from Maris and his own demons.
Everyone who had something to do with Harry just can't figure out if he should stay buried or dig him up. From there, Hitchcock's black comedy brings about tension and giggles. Seems that everyone had a reason for wanting Harry out of the picture, only trouble is, Harry is more trouble dead than alive. A light film for Hitchcock, but it does contain the transference of guilt theme, and the guilt bounces all over our main players. A small gem of a film that often gets overlooked, watch this one and you'll be charmed by the trouble that Harry causes.
This is one very dragging along piece of film. It clearly reconstructs the youth of Hagbard, a young German hacker in the eighties. This film reminds me of so much of my own youth, and August Diehl's (Karl Koch) acting is perfect, that me and my wife now had to see it for the third time. Read Clifford Stoll's book "The Cockoo's Egg. Inside the World of Computer Espionage" to see the movie from the American view. You will understand some scenes better, for example where the number salad comes from on the computer screen in the phone booth.
I really enjoyed this film. There is wonderful insight into the "characters" who participate in the crossword competition - a whole world out there that I was not aware of. They employ many different techniques to present the information and in the end it is just a feel-good documentary. Not sappy and a fun, short film. I think that people who live in New York City will especially appreciate this film, and I guess those individuals who take their crosswords very seriously will find some sense of kindred spirit in the people they see on screen. A must see.
The Attic Expeditions is painful on viewers who demand to have everything sorted out for them in sane, palpable order. Its plot is coy, but definitely not vague. Sure, it's a horror movie, but the paranoia and the absurdity come first. Few comedies have so satisfying a sense of humor. The vivid dollhouse-like color schemes are reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands, but the surreal nature of the film's universe is a schizophrenic A Life Less Ordinary. If you shy away from nudity or language, shy away from here...otherwise, give your mind this gentle frappe and thank me afterwards.
Out with the old n with the new... I like this movie because of its rare style similar to the lost skeleton of cadavra. Great no name cast. an speaking of names I thought the raspberry brothers should have used their real names. though I have read a few reviews that hated this DVD because of the changes what not in the film or score, but I think the f.b.i had something to do with this, so its the politics of DVD they should be upset with. a classic si fi treat.
This film, coming out the same year as Star Wars, doesn't begin to approach that landmark film in any capacity. Acting is acceptable, as is the story. But the cinematography looks like a very lousy TV movie. Smoky, sepia filters are utilized to change the sky colors, bleeding over into the other areas in the frames. In as much as I am very much impressed with visual items such as cinematography, special effects, contrasts, colors, etc., when it comes to movies, this is a big letdown. Final score from Miller-Movies is a 4, that high mainly due to the acting.
Taken as an historical perspective of Nastassja Kinski, this is a relatively young Nastassja who totally dominates the screen. As the movie proceeds, it becomes more and more apparent that Nastassja has something called screen presence, meaning that whenever she is on screen there is the promise of something electric occurring that is extraordinary. Today, this movie may appear to be wooden and dated, especially with the performance or lack of performance of Rudolph Nureyev who is absolutely obliterated by Nastassja. The movie on its own cannot be taken seriously, but it maybe viewed as a celebration of Nastassja Kinski.
What a delightful little movie. What i really enjoyed is the minimalistic camera work, which was heavily based on close ups and long shots. The way the camera lingers on the characters' faces and floats between them has great insight. Also credit goes to the amazing actors, especially the girl. She steals the show with her expressive style. You can see all the hope of being loved by someone, all the agony , all the fear of being alone... Maybe the movie was 3 minutes too long but that's totally forgivable. RIEN A FAIRE is certainly a movie to discover.
This semi-biographical tale centres around a down on his luck, yet charismatic bar fly, set on his way to self destruction. Buscemi'second self directed/penned feature is slower paced than some might expect. This in no way detracts from the overall brilliance and charm that trees lounge conveys. Tommy's character, while on the surface, demands both pity and sympathy. It's in his anti-heroic attributes ie. selfishness and callousness, that make the film so human and believable. American releases as passionate and warm as Trees Lounge do not come around as often anymore, with only The Station Agent coming close. So enjoy.
A routine "B" western in the Lone Star series of westerns Wayne made in the 30's. What sets this one apart is John Wayne as a "Singing" Cowboy. This was the time of the beginning of the Singing Cowboy era in "B" westerns (e.g. Gene Autry). Wayne's voice is obviously dubbed. He sure doesn't look comfortable serenading the heroine or warbling a tune while riding across the prairie. Fortunately for all concerned (especially the Duke) this experiment was quickly ended. Anyone who wants to hear the Duke's "real" singing voice should watch the opening credits of "Cahill U.S. Marshal".
This is fantastic for Abbott and Costello's first feature film. They are quite funny, and their interactions with the other cast members are great. This is the film that got me hooked on Abbott and Costello! It IS an unrealistic portrayal of the Army (and everything else, really!), but it's a comedy - not a documentary! The Andrews Sisters are lovely as always, especially in their first appearance in the film, when they sing "You're a Lucky Fellow Mr. Smith." This film also features Dean Collins and his dance team in one of the most famous Lindy scenes ever.
A true comedy if i've ever seen one is this picture. IT vill warm your hearth with warmth and joy. After seeing it 10 times it never gets bored, which is amazing to say the least. Jack lemmon the bitter old sour lemmon that he is, was offcourse perfectly cast as the nazi-loving teacher. The rest of the cast could easily been awarded with an award of some sorts. Maybe a golden trash can or something. In case you were wondering : watching this crap will make your eyes bleed. Have a nice day
This is an excellent art film. This is by no means your typical Bollywood offering of songs, romance, action, and masti. This movie takes an in-depth look at the lives of prisoners and the corrupt political system. Juhi wonderfully plays the role of a documentary filmmaker and a woman standing up to her abusive husband. One would think that a movie on the lives and feelings of three prisoners seems pretty hopeless, but a good script and profound and mysterious dialogues complete this film. An interesting twist at the end adds to the story and Juhi's powerful role and performance.
Mifune's last song is a typical Danish dogma film. I am amazed that the film is announced as a comedy too. But where are here the comics? In think in our owns brain. It's a beautiful film which shows the conversion of everybody in the film to a real, not hypocritical, life. And when Kresten is laying down his head in the center of the open circle in the fields, he encounters the light which his disabled brother has used as a symbol that "light" is coming from heaven.And this light of live had disabled hitherto everybody until that moment.
Reminiscent of the film "Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World", this feature takes aspects of several of the earlier Sharpe novels and combines them to create a new plot/storyline. Fine acting by both the main and supporting casts (Toby Stephens is perfect as Dodd), with sets and effects that show a more lavish budget than previously-issued Sharpe installments, this movie may puzzle and maybe irritate devoted readers of the Sharpe novels. At the same time, it addresses the earlier (chronologically in the series, if not in order of publishing) exploits of Private/Sergeant/Lieutenant Sharpe during the Indian campaigns.
This is one of those movies that as itself is a gem. For those that have seen it, and "want to know more" I HIGHLY recommend getting the book the movie was based upon. The movie is like a "Cliff's Notes" version of about 5 chapters of the book!!! Only complaint was that I think it was a bit TOO vague on the missionary selection process in the beginning of the movie - but did a great job avoiding the "dogma" aspect and staying true to the story. Two thumbs up (even if their my own).
Twin Falls Idaho is a haunting, deeply personal story about a relationship that probably turned off a lot of people solely because of its two main characters. It was reminescent of the Broadway musical, 'Side Show', which also dealt with the subject of conjoined twins. The Polish Brothers gently present their characters to the audience baring the essence of all relationships with a directness rarely seen. There is an intense emotional connection between the audience and the characters. And in the end, you cry for the characters, not because they are different, but because we are all so much alike.
You thought Charlie Chaplin invented slapstick? Pfah! How typical. I bet your favorite show is MTV as well, isn't it? And you listen to 50 Cent? Kids these days. This Edison short is hilarious, although you have to be very tired when watching it. Exhausted, in fact. But it will get a laugh out of anyone who enjoys silly comedy in the vein of Dumb and Dumber, Monthy Python, etc. 10/10. The first, and one of the funniest, comedies I've ever seen. Great sight gags and the film doesn't go on so long it wears out its welcome.(r#11)
This film has very well-written script. The characters are nicely-paralleled, simultaneously mirroring one another in their fundamental psychological struggles and diverging in their drives, desires, and ideals. The whole storyline is a psychotic eruption of social inadequacies combined with the ever-present question of whether or not our actions are to be judged by an absolute morality. With regards to character development, the script may have been better carried by stronger acting -- the internal development was present, but was not sufficiently layered within the characters. Overall, the film is sufficiently suspenseful to hold the attention of the audience.
Harrison Ford is the president of the United States, and mighty bad ass one man army he is. I wonder if Petersen ment this film to be a parody? the evil Soviet Union threatens to come back! the president of USA is kidnapped by a bunch communist terrorists! but be afraid no more! Harrison Ford steps up and teaches the bad ivans a lesson. This has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen. Full of cliches, laughably typical red neck patriotism and equally laughable plot! I was rooting for the "terrorists" for the whole film.
Maybe just the best TV series ever........although it was so short lived. I've read the articles and this show had so much competition including a few times it was canceled because of Superbowls and other such stupid reasons (I'd rather watch this show than the superbowl any day) IT's sad too because the show had character depth and was good... really good...well thought out , great plot great writing. great everything. God, it seems only the trash ends up making it long term on tv and all the good quality shows die young. Sad :( BB
I LOVE Jennifer Jason Leigh, but I thought this was the worst movie she's ever done. It probably won awards in some universe, but not mine. She was the reason I bothered watching it to the end. The whole thing was disconcerting. Maybe I was in a bad mood when I saw this or something. The two redeeming qualities in this movie were Jennifer Jason Leigh and Steve Buscemi. I gave this film 2 stars, one for each of them. If I see it again and change my mind, I'll be sure to change my vote, but not before then.
Its not a big production and we could see more nudity or more romantic scenes, but it is worth to see. The story of a college boy with strong values such as responsibility who falls in love with a whirly girl. The girl made him forget the consequences and start doing some risky things for her, and actually his attitude changed this girls life who changed her meaningless live and finally found something worth in her life. It's mainly a romantic story puts the reason and the principles of this boy against his feelings. I really enjoyed.
Kingpin is an excellent series, it is one of the best ones that I have seen in a long time. This is reality, this is what is happening in the drug world. The actors bring reality to their characters, every single actor plays his/her part very well. I was hoping it would become a regular on TV. Why is it that when there is a great series on TV, possibly a big movie screen version, someone decides to end it. I am 100% positive that a lot of viewers are going to be disappointed when this series ends on Tuesday.
First off, what other movie has a killer alien from space that shoots green rays from its eyes and tries to have sex with the babes, and runs from shaving cream, amazing! But in my opinion what really makes this movie so freaking awesome is Craig Peck who plays mike, a horror movie fan, who just is truly amazing and knows what to do in each step. The girls are hot, the guys are cool, the alien is sick, and the camera work and music are just perfect. But here is my question, Why isn't Craig Peck in more movies?
Candyman Day of the Dead was really good. The movie was based a Myth and Legends. The Candyman played by Tony Todd was really neat because you would never know where he was going to pop up. And Caroline played by Donna D'errico which who is the great granddaughter of the Candyman. And the neat thing about her part is every time she would dream the Candyman would be there in her dreams. And by the way what good acting by Tony Todd and Donna D'errico. I give the movie 7 Stars. It's the best out of them all. *******
The Planet is a Scandinavian production (2006) directed by Johan Söderberg which draws on the cinematographic techniques of nonverbal films such as Godfrey Reggio's Koyaanisqatsi, and Ron Fricke's Baraka. Unlike those films, which are purely visual, The Planet is riddled with a plethora of interviews from leading scientists and environmentalists offering their perspectives on the challenges humanity faces in the 21st century. The music that envelops the movie does a very good job at matching it's general mood . Short video and sounds clips are used throughout as punctuation, which is often reminiscent of a cartoon-like storyline.
I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. Michael Douglas as Steven Taylor is absolutely brilliant and sinister, and the best aspect of this story is that you don't find out why he wants really wants his wife murdered until later in the movie. Gwyneth Paltrow as Emily Bradford Taylor is also a great character, because although she is having an affair with another man, she's prepared to come clean with her husband before he tries to have her murdered. She is also tough and resourceful enough to survive the attack, and then smart enough to put the pieces together afterward.
I absolutely hated this movie. I did like The Crow 2 in a strange sort of way. The first was good. This movie makes the second movie look like Schindlers List. The acting was terrible, especially by Eric Mabius, who is an embarrassment to the series. The "action" in this movie is horrible. Theres only 1 real action sequence, and its so stupid. And when you have a good actress like Kirsten Dunst reduced to a whiny female lead, it only makes it worse. I'd rank this in the top 10 worst films ever, only being beaten out by Superstar.
I am not following the voting crowd on this film. I loved it as much as the original-Nikita. I just have a thing for films where women take a hit and keep coming. If more women were like Black Cat men would think twice about abusing them. This movie is continual action. And unlike Nikita the action is even more violent. Cat is almost scary in her quest to reach her objective. If you like full on action, I highly recommend it. This is better than any of that Cynthia Rothrock stuff; and I like her for what she does.
A gorgeously photographed and steamy tale of forbidden passion. Boasting a superb lead performance by Patrick DeWaere as a young Frenchman battling to stifle the seductive advances of his breathtakingly beautiful step-daughter, it is grounded by fascinating character detail and an intelligent, focused script that is deeply interested in the complexities of love and desire. Ariel Besse is the step-daughter and she is a bubbling, nubile cauldron of curiosity and mischief. Sacha Vierny's moody photography is worthy of a coffee table hardcover and Philip Sarde's score is perfection. A delicious, provocative, mature tale of sexual politics.
Weird and funny action in South America film. It is the result of collaboration between two rather bright European b movies masters. And it looks more like Franco's film, than Bianchi's. It is one of those banana super actions, with jungle locations, naked women, senseless story. But it has absurd and drive indeed. It looks like comics in some parts and have lo fi special effects amusement. The characters including Howard Vernon are nice and they make that real-time two-weeks made drive. The fans of Commander Strike, Oasis of the zombies will probably love this super-improvised hallucination etc. www.myspace.com/neizvest
I was really looking forward to this being a fan of Cary Grant, Irene Dunne and screwball comedies, but I was very disappointed. My main concern was the dismal treatment of Gail Patrick's character (Bianca). It wasn't her fault that Irene Dunne (Ellen) wasn't dead yet she is treated so rudely and offhandedly that I found it irritating and frustrating. In addition it often simply wasn't funny. Don't waste your time on this, watch and watch again "The Awful Truth" starring the same pair instead, and contrast the treatment of Ralph Bellamy's character with that of Patrick's.
Very good action movie that takes the Dirty Harry style more mainstream this time.The story/script here is only average and does not have much depth but the action and Eastwood's charm still makes this film one of the best action movies all time.The deterioration of Dirty Harry movies start with this one but you will still enjoy the action here.Just don't expect a masterpiece.The sound quality was below average.You can tell this film had a B movie budget.The cinematography is also just average although there are great shots of the San Francisco scenery.Only for action fans and big Eastwood fans.....
The usual action flesh fantasy for male viewers, this Sidaris flick is not as good as a few others, but the girls looks great (there is my favorite Playmate, Wendy Hamilton, that doesn't show as much as I hope, but it's still a threat; there is also Julie Strain's Black Widow, with an opening scene Basic Instinct style that it's really good) and the action is good enough to let the 90 minutes of the movie pass without any boring moment. The plot is contrived, but it's part of the show: for a Sidaris movie it's a good enough one
Peter Cushing plays the doctor who needs bodies in this fine adaptation of the Burke and Hare grave robbing case.Donald Pleasance and George Rose are both excellent as the infamous grave robbers.The film is truly atmospheric-full of packed bars,foggy streets and deep shadows-and the performance by Peter Cushing is simply amazing-Cushing is probably one of the most recognizable faces in the horror genre.The film has an eerie cinematic style reminiscent more of films from the 1940's than 1959.The first half of Gilling's story moves extremely slow,but the second half has some gruesome murder scenes.A must-see for fans of British horror!
Slightly overrated in its day, this is still a solid western with good scenery (Death Valley?) and a striking Indian attack involving barrages of incoming arrows. However, the costumes for Eleanor Parker, who's just arrived by stagecoach, are laughable. She seems to have brought with her a warehouse of large, elaborate dresses with matching hats and accessories! William Holden has a bare-chest scene and, yes, there's a good thatch of hair on them thar pecs. This was his last "hairy" movie for awhile since in PICNIC, LOVE IS A MANY-SPLENDORED THING, RIVER KWAI, etc. he went with the shaved-chest look.
This movie has a promising premise: A near-fanatical pro-communist young woman travels to Moscow and has a dalliance with Stalin (and may have unwittingly killed him!). Upon her return to her native Australia and discovery that she's pregnant, she marries her eager, long-suffering suitor and continues in her work for the party. The movie appeared to be two in one. The first half was promising, providing decent political satire in the form of black humor. But the second half developed into a dark drama devoid of any humor. In the end, I wasn't sure exactly what was being conveyed.
I was really looking forward to this being a fan of Cary Grant, Irene Dunne and screwball comedies, but I was very disappointed. My main concern was the dismal treatment of Gail Patrick's character (Bianca). It wasn't her fault that Irene Dunne (Ellen) wasn't dead yet she is treated so rudely and offhandedly that I found it irritating and frustrating. In addition it often simply wasn't funny. Don't waste your time on this, watch and watch again "The Awful Truth" starring the same pair instead, and contrast the treatment of Ralph Bellamy's character with that of Patrick's.
There after it gets worse for every minute. The actors are most likely better in an ordinary high schools drama class, than the ones they cast for this movie. The children was alright though, but the adult actors....... The actions of the characters are so stupid that you think a 5 year old have scripted it. Well you can say it started so well and ended very bad. I hope this instructor never makes a movie again. In many really bad horror movies you at least ends up getting some good laughs. Even this failed here.
Despite its length (more than a couple of hours) the story did not find a direction; instead, you are offered to taste the characters in such manner you are forced to hate the bad guys and love the good ones. Many aspects of the film were definitely brilliant: the sceneries for Mexico in the early 1900s and the script, which seemed to be carefully written to exclude any neologism and include those seasonal slang. Screenplay, from time to time, shows a clear influence of Emilio `El Indio' Guzman and Ismael Rodríguez. A bit silly but very amusing.
I've not read or taken any mythology classes since college (a long time ago) but remembered many of the stories/myths from my undergraduate days. What an excellent and powerful film (mini, if you want to be particular--but, hey... if you remove the commercials)... I'm slightly saddened that I didn't keep the tapes of both nights and erased over the mini. Excellent acting. Excellent effects. And quite emotional. A superb miniseries with messages that appeal, hopefully, to all persons who watch it--not just the Native American population. (And if I'm being politically incorrect, I apologize... labels are such a nuisance, honestly).
I thought this movie was very refreshing and original. Adrian Grenier, Sarah Michelle Gellar and Joey Lauren Adams all gave convincing performances, especially Gellar whose performance I see as a real departure from her other roles. This movie is definitely for the 17 + crowd as it contains blatant sex scenes and drug use but it's definitely worth seeing. It has an original plot, innovative filming and hilarious dialogue in parts. Although containing scenes of drug use, the movie is not really about that. You have to check this out when you get the chance... 7/10
Everyone says this movie is bad, of course it is... do you think the people were actually serious when they made it? NO! It is to be enjoyed as a B movie. It shows a T-rex make a phone call, then check the pay phone for change after he's done, then it shows him crying with tears pouring from his eyes. I assure you no one thought they were making a great cinematic moment, they were just being silly. If you can't appreciate this movie for what it is, then you shouldn't be reviewing B-movies. They weren't made for you.
THE CRUSADES is a film of awesome power with some of the finest costumes, epic battles and all the pagentry expected of the legendary Cecil B. DeMille. Henry Wilcoxon's Richard the Lionheart gives (along with his star turn as Marc Anthony in DeMille's CLEOPATRA the previous year) the greatest performance of his entire career. Mesmerizing in its power, just as effective today as when it was filmed in 1935. A must-see for all who esteem the epic/spectacle genre. Fine performances given by an all-star cast right down to DeMille regulars in supporting roles. They don't get much better than this!
A very good, intellectually and romantically stimulating and wonderful film directed and written by Julie Delpy, who also plays the main character, Marion, to Adam Goldberg's Jack; the two are a couple who spend two days in Marion's hometown Paris, before heading to their home in New York. While there, Jack finds himself strangely surrounded by Marion's exes, a language he doesn't understand and several dramatic and very comedic relationships. Marion evolves and revolves throughout the film. All in all, very comedic, very human (i.e. non-Hollywoodesque) and sympathetic. Straightforward acting, a beautiful script and many laughs makes this a winner.
What was a great movie in 1932 is still a good movie in 1999. In the Grandest Hotel of them all as "People come, people go. (but) Nothing ever happens." This is a story of a day at the hotel. Nothing out of the ordinary occurs, except lots of drinking, gambling, a love triangle, .... This film is one of the last big-budget "studio" Hollywood movies from its era (20's-30's) and is frequently studied for both this aspect and its photographic techniques (like the revolving doorway). The two hours is well worth it. Lionel Barrymore's performance is also really memorable.
Talky, predictable and totally unimaginative, this is not what we've come to expect from French "cineastes." Admittedly a tongue-in-cheek replica of Hollywood romantic comedies of yesteryear it's more like a quickie TV movie or a self-indulgent Off-Broadway playlet. Binoche and Reno are utterly wasted as they talk, talk, talk their night away. The best that can be said is that it's a great commercial for Hilton Hotels, Air France and Aeroports de Paris, all of which, if they paid for the exposure, got their Euro's worth. Most moviegoers, on the other hand, are not going to feel the same way.
Astonoshing acting! Phenomenal directing! and an amazingly well brought out film! Realistic killer ants invade a new york office building, and it's occupants are doomed! Ik you're into horror, many die from the killer attacks of the giant ants, if you're into action watch as the office workers fight off ants and suspend themselves across buildings in order to save their lives. If you're into romance, enjoy the passionate and romantic intimacy shared between the Janitor and an executives assistant. This movie is the full package! I HIGHLY recommend this movie and think that EVERYBODY should see it! 11/10 stars!!!!
This slimy creature-feature starts '80s teen hit C. Thomas Howell. Scientists have created genetically altered giant ants in a bizarre experiment which backfires terribly as the creatures go on a kill-crazy rampage. It turns into a world where giant insects run rampant. Survivors barricade themselves in a skyscraper in an attempt to avoid the roaming menace, but even that's no guarantee of safety. Its a little bloody, not gory enough for my taste though. A thoroughly entertaining B-movie; GLASS TRAP was directed by cult horror director Fred Olen Ray who also directed "HOLLYWOOD CHAINSAW HOOKERS" Another one of my favorites.
Run do not walk from this terrible disappointing excuse for a movie! If you want to see a real piece of cinema about Nuclear War, then get yourself a copy of one of the following: American movies "The Day after" & "Testament" or the British films "War Game" or "Threads". Miracle Mile has to be the worst Nuclear War Movie to ever be made. Unrealistic, Terrible effects, None existent plotlines, Just terrible...... If it comes on TV and the other channels offer nothing then just maybe watch it.... Of course Im sure you have QVC!
This is the only Joe D'Amato film I have seen without it's trademark explicit sexual content,but this does not mean it is not as extreme as,let say,"Emanuelle in America".A group of tourists arrive on a Greek island,without knowing it is inhabited by a demented,cannibalistic killer.The movie contain some graphic and very disturbing murders,especially in the last minutes,when the maniac eats a fetus and then devours himself.Add a good dose of suspense,great make-up for George Eastman and ,surprisingly,a very sad story behind his character.So,if you want to see a truly horror classic I recommend "Anthropophagus",even for those with a weak stomach.
Don't get me wrong by the suummary as I enjoyed this movie very much. Bernhardt plays an ex-Navy SEAL who is forced to murder a corporate executive after the Yakuza kidnap his daughter. Their is a subplot involving Bernhardt and the Yakuza boss...oh, and Naval Intelligence and the local police are after him, too! Gunfights, fistfights and a slam-bang ending make this a watchable film. Bernhardt definitely has the looks and talent to become the next action star. Check him out in Bloodport 2, 3 & 4, MK: Conquest (on TV) or watch for him in the upcoming Matrix sequels!
VD is a convict, who escapes from a jail bus & then helps Rosanna arquette. Her land is about 2 be destroyed by Joss Ackland. He's old-lol. Well, VD fights off some bad guys who try 2 terrorize Arquette & her 2 kids. VD also gets beat up by a cop & 1 scene, he opens show curtain & see VD showering, what a gay cop. VD gets taken care of by Arquette which leads 2 of them having uh, sex. This is a pretty good movie, but it doesn't show his martial art skills like Bloodsport. a must see.
Danger Island is TERRIBLE. In EVERY way. BUT! It is without a doubt the most entertaining film I've ever seen. The dialogue, the plot, the acting, the effects - GENIUS!!!! There are several suggestions ( plot points that are never explained, the montage of images during the end credits ) that this was a failed pilot to a TV series - if anyone's listening, MAKE IT HAPPEN!!! Danger Island every week? HEAVEN!!!!!! Altogether now: Alone on a dangerous island, Frank's become a fishmonster! Alone on a dangerous island, Frank's become a fishmonster! FRANK! HE'S A FISHMONSTER!! ( etc. )
Though produced on a fairly low budget, Escape manages to provide action, suspense and characters you actually care about. Kurt Russell's Eastwood-like character, Snake Plissken is brilliantly done, as is spaghetti-western star Lee Van Cleef's Bob Hauk. I read in interviews that the filmmakers looked upon this movie as more of a joke; if that's the case they didn't really succeed. Had this film a slightly bigger budget and a more serious attitude (like Walter Hill's fantastic, "The Warriors"), this could have been considered one of the best of the pessimistic, mankind-is-doomed-in-the-future movies, rather than just a very good b-movie.
This is far and above the funniest short subject I have ever seen. It is funny from the inside, as a series of surreal ideas, as much as for what we see on the screen. The minimalist sets work perfectly, and Mr. Fields has never had better timing than he has here. As funny to think about as to experience, it might have been the main inspiration for Monty Python or Fawlty Towers in its use of attitudes and punctilios to score comedic points; and as a headlong assault on the Protestant work ethic, it is, like the aforementioned, priceless.
I found this movie today for a whopping $3 Australian (About a dollar fifty American), and I must say, it was well worth it. Sure, the story sucks.. The acting sucks.. The dialoge sucks.. The blood and other effects suck.. And almost everything else sucks.. But my friend and I thoroughly enjoyed it, mostly due to the laughter at the movies expense. It is always good to go out with a quote, so I will quote the killer from this top-grade horror movie... "I'M NOT TRYING TO WIN AN OSCAR!!!" That's good; you've got no chance. -keeperman42
Some movies are just plain awful, and ZAPPED! has awful written all over it. Scott Baio stars as a high school kid who gains telekinetic powers after experiencing a scientific mishap. The movie is a trial to sit through and does not contain a single laugh. It is even worse than MODERN PROBLEMS and that movie was bad enough. I was never really a Scott Baio fan, although he did have a good role on TV's "Happy Days," but ZAPPED! is quite easily the worst teen movie I have ever seen in my whole life. 0 out of 5
I'll have to say "Cowboy Bebop" is the anime with the greatest soundtrack ever(from what i've seen so far anyway)...it's all in the music...i just loved it. most anime shows have crappy music,it's not the case here :D. oh yeah, the storyline and characters are awesome as well. You'll fall in love with it from the first episode. Definitely worth watching, especially for the people who like jazz and rock (and not only). Two thumbs up from me! See you later space cowboy! Well, if i think about it Gungrave has a cool soundtrack too...my bad.
This is what I call a move made for fun. There's nothing serious about it. But there's some very good reasons why anyone should see it: 1. The plot is crazy and very good (though not really original) 2. The movie is beautifully directed by Sam Irvin. 3. The characters are funny as hell. 4. And last, but NOT least, there is an incredibly beautiful blonde in this movie, Alexandra Mutu. She is awesome, really. I think these reasons are enough for anyone to watch this movie. For it is just better than so many comedies out there.
Okay, once you get past the fact that Mitchell and Petrillo are Dean and Jerry knockoffs, you could do worse than this film. Charlita as Princess Nona is great eye candy, Lugosi does his best with the material he's given, and the production values, music especially (except for the vocals) are better than you'd think for the $50k cost of production. The final glimpses of the characters are a hoot. Written by Tim Ryan, a minor actor in late Charlie Chan films, and husband of Grannie on the Beverly Hillbillies. All in all, WAY better than many late Lugosi cheapies.
A Frenchman and his wife come to Old West America circa 1870 in search of new lives for themselves, but he is soon killed and she becomes acquainted with a shy, gentle American widower. Director Claude Lelouch whips up an appropriately dusty, windswept scenario, and the film's keenly-observed atmosphere is bracing and real. Unfortunately, the film, in both English and French, is woefully lumbering and overlong, and the promising casting of James Caan and Genevieve Bujold fails to set off sparks. Fascinatingly detailed, with beautiful camera-work and art direction, but the narrative might have stood some tightening. ** from ****
This is not a great movie, much less a good one. But it was destined to go direct to video, so I shouldn't waste my time gnawing on the film's stupidity. For all the guys out there...this movie has some great nude scenes. The girl who played the lead has that Katie Holmes sort of look. And she does a striptease in the film. Way cool! If you feel like watching something witty and suspenseful like The Craft, this is not the one to watch. But if you feel in the mood for gratuitous nudity...check this one out!
This is actually a very innovative little production and comprises a solid manifesto of one way to execute an action film. The 'making of' is a gift to filmmakers, particularly the examination of the camera rigs. Unfortunately all this skill and cleverness wasn't applied to a good story. For all that I liked about it, I couldn't endure the duration of the movie and wound up fast forwarding to the few cool bits, my favourite being the guy scaling the telegraph tower then crawling like a spider across thin air. Also well worth it just for the extras.
Cheap-cheap-cheap comic feature. An extremely bad, agonizingly unfunny comedy concerning urban family man Charles Grodin taking the wife and kids on vacation to an island resort, and not getting what he expected. Grainy, grimy mess is a most uncomfortable viewing experience. The movie actually manages to look worse than your average TV feature, with the limp writing at a sophomoric level and a direction that seems non-existent. Grodin, in desperation-mode, is obviously being wasted, but supporting performers Jon Lovitz, Mario Van Peebles and Phil Hartman don't even seem to take notice. A real dog; NO STARS from ****
... of movies like Predator, Alien, Jurassic Park, Rambo, Indiana Jones, etc ... ... and of bad script, terrible lines, lame acting, rubber ducks and aliens from "Alien", bad actors, stupid situations, idiotic characters and other stuff in the same category. oh and how the hell can you extract dna from goddamn BONES?? let's clone dinosaurs, shall we? and what IS that thing anyway? is it an alien? "ancient creature" ? I bet those things lived around Caesar or Cleopatra. did they keep them as pets? 'cause I want one then ! so... Enjoy !
Robert Wagner is the evil boss of Digicron, a telecommunications company with a virus that kills people. 'so you're saying that the software virus has become a real virus that can kill people - that may be medically possible but not possible from my system' 'i'm having to write some new virus software of my own to trap it - it may take some time' 'but it's not going after software, it's killing people' watch out for the 'i'm into virology' love moment and perhaps first ever film plot to feature death by braille keyboard
The movie isn't bad, so don't get me wrong. It is a well made, well-acted albeit a very generic, uninteresting film. Didn't care one bit about the characters or the story. Phillip Angelotti's performance is extremely one-note and dull, but he gets points for putting in a good effort. Kept me yawning through the first two thirds. If people set out to make an independent film and sink a lot of their own money into it, why not make something interesting and unique rather than trying to imitate the crap that already comes out of Hollywood. Pass on this one.
This was my first experience with one of those Japanese Godzilla movie, but I wasn't too exhilirated about it. The monsters such as Godzilla escape from Monster Island because of an alien force trying to take over the world, and enslave the people. This results in an attack from the monsters on all major cities in the world... but Godzilla knows who his real friends are... Silly story, silly effects and an ending which power rangers would be ashamed of... but then again, laughable at times (is that a good sign?). 4/10 for some moments of fun.
I couldn't resist feeling this is director's self-loving creation. And I'm here to admire his talents... Quite boring and unabsorbing movie. I was expecting much, much more given IMDb score... Subject of the movie also added to the expectations. Unfortunately, that's about it. Big disappointment. I left few times (in my mind). In reality I was hoping something would develop. Any minute now. Very slow.... But nada. Reminds me of European school. Directors forget about viewers and get tangled in their own world... Aftermovie I've checked demographics of voting= chick flick. Should have checked it before wasting my time... Sorry.
I felt like I was...stuck in traffic. Hard to sit through. As much as you are not supposed to like Ben Affleck's character, his acting is flat too. His character has not depth and either does his performance. Hmm, which came first...chicken or egg here? The story idea is great, but it does not clip along at a good pace like a story taking place in a day like this one should to feel right. I could not sit through this movie. I left almost at the predictable end and got a latte.
This movie is a crock of garbage, folks. It's movies like this that give true horror films a bad name. Nothing is good about this movie except the highly attractive and extremely beautiful Jennifer Love Hewitt. Other than her, you wish this movie would take a long walk off of a short pier. Nothing except JLH could save this sorry excuse of a movie, and it's also a waste of your time and a waste of film to make the movie with. Get this for a FREE rental only. DO NOT buy it. I guarantee that you will be sorry
The plot of this movie (two ill children escaping the bubble they live in to take on an endeavour in the outside world) is very thin and failed to sustain my interest. Perhaps, the symbolism didn't get to me. Many times, I asked myself where all this was heading. The poetic aura left me emotionally disconnected and questioning the purpose of my viewing. It is however, a very unusual and gutsy film for which the director should be praised. For those easily offended, please take note that the children, portraying the title characters are nude for nearly the entire movie.
Today I read some interesting reviews of this movie. I think a friend of mine said it best: Chuck and Buck is one of those movies where, depending on the mood you're in, you'll either rub your chin pensively, brow furrowed, and say "mmm-hmm, I see"; or you'll look at the screen in disbelief and say "what the H**L???" I'm in the latter group. I didn't find anything redeeming about this movie. I believe some people think they need to "appreciate" and "understand" a movie like this to prove that they are the true connoisseurs of independent films. Yeah, okay.
When I was a boy I thrilled to the exploits of Steve Reeves and his cohorts with the massive pectoral muscles performing feats of strength and derring-do in ancient times, but as an adult I found it a lot slower going. There are all sorts of legendary characters here--Herc himself, Ulysses, Jason, the Amazons--and a classic story about the pursuit of the Golden Fleece, but I found it hard to follow and worse than that, just plain dull. It's amazing, though, how much more interesting I found Sylva Koscina this time around than I did when I was a kid.
this film is so bad i find it hard to describe to other people, so I end up showing them leaving them speechless! I have seen this awful film far to many times now. it has no relevance to the first one. NOT EVEN ANY TROLLS TO BE SEEN. JUST GOBLINS Bad cast, acting, plot, effects just everything. you Will have to watch this for yourself to truly believe that a film like this can be made by people over the age of two. However saying all this it is strangely watchable for its sheer awfulness
Although it's clear that "Mr. Vincent" was written for low-budget, Mr. Celestino's ability to get this film in-the-can for $20K is admirable, to say the least. It was gritty, wonderfully photographed, well acted and directed. Having said that, I'm still trying to understand the level of praise heaped upon this film. Although Celestino's focus on obsessive behavior was clear, it still remains a rather typical story with typical outcomes. Neither of the lead characters was particularly compelling or empathetic. In short, although a great personal accomplishment, "Mr. Vincent" remains a film without anything unique to say.
Well I've read the other comments, even checked out Roger Ebert, trying to find the reason for all the praise some people give it, but I can't get it. A story of people fighting with each other, murdering each other, commiting adultery, and worst of all mistreating the dogs that are essential for their survival, among the incessant crunching of snow under boots. This has to be considered a home movie and it leaves a lousy opinion of the Inuit people, which I know can't be this bad. Ebert says it involves somes legend, what that is I don't know.
N. Chandra's Tezaab was given more than it's due. True the song "Ek Do Teen" is a foot-tabbing number & Madhuri Dixit shot to fame with this movie, yet what nobody seem to have noticed that it is a bad remake of Hollywood's action/ musical "Streets of Fire" (1984). Much publicity was given to the movie, which helped to make it a big success. Another flick used to make the movie a definite success, was adding a song number after the film's release. Nothing special about this movie if you're well acquainted with good movies & cinema.
This movie is absolutely nothing like the first one. Bateman is gone, and instead of a main character living in a complicated, fractured, psychotic world, we have one who is merely ambitious and kills people. She never really seems crazy. Or evil. Or believable, really. William Shatner does a typical job as the professor she's stalking. Every character in this movie was trite and done to death. There wasn't a single scene that had any originality or edge. A sad, sad legacy for a very interesting first movie. 2 out of 10.
Dwight Yoakam can't even be bothered to get a proper comb-over for his bald spot. It's Vince Vaughn, Peter Fonda and...uh... Peewee Herman. In a Western. How can it go wrong? How!? But it does, and tragically. This is incomprehensible, poorly shot, vanity-project poo. Dwight adds nothing to the direction but muddle an already blasphemous script with lots of slow-motion and fuzzy camera angles. And there's lots and lots of yelling. For no reason. In the name of all that's holy, do not pick up this movie. Implore your local video stores to remove it from the shelves.
Are you kidding me? How did this get so many good ratings? When Tom Arnold is the best actor in your movie you know you have a problem. The acting was poor the outcome was obvious. Don't bother wasting time on this one. Lots of crude kid humor that was not necessary or funny and musical montages that had repeated scenes and could have been left out for a much shorter movie. Sorry but the twins could not have been more annoying. Was there some reason this mother never knew where her kids were and didn't seem to care?
Went straight into my bottom 10 movies of all time. It's not even so bad it's actually funny. It sets whole new standards of how bad a movie can be. Horrible pacing, awful editing, bad acting, and that's without mentioning the "Dinosaurs". I've met 16 year olds who could do better CGI & compositing than exhibited in this stinking mess. It has no artistic merit, and wound me up so much I actually finally got around to registering after using this site for years simply so I could post this dire warning.. Avoid at all costs.
There is a leech-eating scene.... need I say more? At one point, during the requisite prison cafeteria food-fight scene, several of the actresses literally crack up and start giggling during their lines. One of the actresses, a doctor, was actually not half bad (in comparison), and I felt very sad for her; the rest of the actresses didn't seem to take the script seriously at all, and who can blame them? They were probably coeds promised free beer if they showed up and read from cue cards. This movie is so very bad that it's actually hysterically funny.
I watch many bad movies each year, but every once in a while, I come across a film that is without a single redeeming quality. This is one of those rare films. Quite simply, everything and everyone in this movie stinks. Perhaps I shouldn't be too hard on the actors, because some of them have shown talent in other films, but how desperate must they have been to appear in this dud? The story is dull, the action is lame, and nothing about this movie is original. Only watch this movie if someone gives you considerable financial compensation in advance.
Well, special effects were quite good for the times. I had heard this was a porno film, but what I saw was much like Euro soft-core. Admittedly it seemed to be cut, but the version I saw was 1:26 whereas the DVD promises 1:30. So, 4 minutes of cuts get this down to an "R"? Anyway, the film, like many sex movies, aims for camp. It hits, sometimes. It misses a lot, too, or else I am missing the jokes. Quite possible, as I don't remember having seen any of the "Flash Gordon" serials. Overall, I can't recommend this one.
A Paul Naschy vehicle in which he plays an East Indian guru named (what else?) Krishna who may or may not be responsible for gang of murderous zombies on the loose in London, but the real 'stars' of this flick are the unintentional humor and the relentlessly kitschy soundtrack (the end title theme is particularly memorable, in that "so bad, it's good" category). Other things to watch out for include the stock footage of London, grinning zombies, a blinking corpse, and an "out of left field" plot twist. Stupendously bad, but terrific fun for those into this sort of thing.
My friend gave me the vcd of mistress of spice because i was bored. I would rather be bored. I closed the movie in about 20mins. I was that annoyed. This is miscast, mis-shot, mis-edit, a miss-miss and probably was a mistake. The acting is mediocre. Ash's performance, like any of her Hindi movies, was pathetic. I am surprise she gets all this attention. Seriously, beauty can take places. The story is strange and the way to present it is even stranger. Not recommended to watch it. Unless you really want to drool over Ash.
Yes, it's full of jokes based on body fluids (both gaseous and liquid), but even those can be funny. Not here. This movie delivered almost no laughs. The unfunny script offers no relief from the other irritations in "Dr. Doolittle 2": the obnoxious older daughter character and the preponderance of closeups. Seeing what appears to be the cast from "The Cosby Show" on screen so tight that the image cuts off just above the eyebrows and below the chin is not fun and not entertaining. The script comes off like a sixth grade class's presentation on ecology. Disappointing.
A Paul Naschy vehicle in which he plays an East Indian guru named (what else?) Krishna who may or may not be responsible for gang of murderous zombies on the loose in London, but the real 'stars' of this flick are the unintentional humor and the relentlessly kitschy soundtrack (the end title theme is particularly memorable, in that "so bad, it's good" category). Other things to watch out for include the stock footage of London, grinning zombies, a blinking corpse, and an "out of left field" plot twist. Stupendously bad, but terrific fun for those into this sort of thing.
Not sure how this movie is at a 7.5/10 at the moment. My guess is all 11 voters have worked on the project. And the first person to comment on this movie is talking about a Horror movie. Well, there is nothing horror about it - besides the camera work and acting that is. It's basically a Thriller, with some small sci-fi elements (in the story, not special effects). The beginning is fine, and opens a lot of possibilities for a good movie, but it never gets better, only worse. Avoid this movie when you can.
This version of the film, which gets about everything from the novel wrong in spite of a competent cast and some good location shots, is one that all of its participants -- all who are still living, that is -- seem never to mention. Michael York in particular goes through the whole thing with an ironic smugness that suggests no one was really taking Stevenson seriously. That's a pity, because it could have been a good old-fashioned action flick in the manner of its predecessors, but with an added cachet of great color and wide Scottish vistas. Truly a disappointment.
This new interpretation just does not flow as well as the original. If you have never seen the original, then you may just become confused as to what this movie is all about. I highly recommend that you see the original and get the DVD if you can. The DVD is not great quality and the pictures are blurred and have lots of shadows, but it is a great story. The original scared a lot of people, this new version will only confuse them. I sure wish that they had followed the original story line more closely.
I first heard about this from my good friend, who told me to rent it. So I did. Wow! What a waste of a good film. During the Desert Storm, Sam Harper shot down in a helicopter by "Friendly Fire". Sam really believed in and respected the American way. On the fourth of July, Sam rises from the dead, and kills anyone who doesn't respect America. Thats right, anyone from flag burners and people who mock the national Anthem. Uncle Sam effects were fake, and I don't know why they consider this "Horror". My rateing is 4 out of 10.
the only thing to say about this movie is.... . good sex scenes and some where a little yuck when she f**k the dude with her high-heel shoe. . good action scenerio. and on the other hand.. . bad movie, script, plot, and dialogue. . bad acting . just plain out bad because the movie is too slow and it has entirely too much talking just like, "Hannibal" and it's just a under estimated, bad sexual BASIC INSTINCT to me. i rate this one a... 2 of of 5 (due to the lame sexuality and movie.. period.)
Ok, how about this idea? Maybe Dr. Haber saw the PBS version of "Lathe of Heaven" from 1980 and didn't like it, SO he used his brainscan device to force George to dream and alter history. As a result we got the A&E version of "Lathe of Heaven." Curse that Dr. Haber! When will he learn that you cannot remake history? No matter your intentions, if you try to make a politically correct, dumbed-down, Hallmark channel version there can be unintended consequences.. like it may suck. Just a theory. Two stars - one for James Caan and one for Ursula.
Everybody seems to think that this movie is funny and well-acted and stuff. Let me assure you: it is not! Just because it is a little better than the average dutch movies, doesn't mean that it is a GOOD movie. I saw it after reading all this reviews at IMDb. All those actors look like if they are acting in a soap-show. Yeah, it's all about that, but it is not meant to look like it all the time... So, don't watch this movie, it's a waste of your time, if you want to see a dutch movie, watch LEK!
******POSSIBLE SPOILERS******** Completely forgettable 90s giant monster film from Toho, which seems to be on its last legs. The army is fighting Godzilla, who of course is their only defense against Space Godzilla, a creature formed by a chunk of G's DNA which got stuck in space and was mutated. In the only praiseworthy scene, the annoying "Mini-G" is killed by the space mutants, giving papa G some character motivation for a change. Features the same effects and the same annoying psychic girl from other 90s Toho Godzilla flicks. One of the most pointless entries in the entire series.
Yet another attempt a la "Casablanca" to whip up excitement by placing a homely middle-aged American among exotic foreigners, this might have been tolerable had they just lost the dull, abrasive George Raft altogether and made the ultrafoxy Turhan Bey the leading man from the beginning. As it is, the film lights up the moment this dazzling hunk makes his first appearance as a clerk behind a tobacconist's counter, and the entire first half of the film that's gone before seems like a hopeless waste. And that's WITH Peter Lorre. After Lorre's gone, forget it, you can stop the tape.
"A woman who was literally frightened to death narrates the story of how she arrived at her untimely demise. The woman is shown going through a series of circumstances that begin to wear down her psyche and drive her to madness. A lengthy line-up of suspects for the person responsible for her death has the police baffled," according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. A film filled with baffling mystery; it's substandard is almost every respect, but was shot in color. Bela Lugosi appears, occasionally. ** Scared to Death (1947) Christy Cabanne ~ Nat Pendleton, George Zucco, Bela Lugosi
This is a devilishly clever picture full of interesting twists and unexpected developments. It's also well produced against the exotic backgrounds of New Orleans and Key West. BUT! (Or is that BUTT?) It looks like a promotion for the tobacco industry. About the only time people are not lighting up or puffing away or communicating through clouds of smoke is while they're involved in chases. (Question. How can our hero run so fast when he smokes so much?) This was a good film that could have stood on its own merits. Did they really need the tobacco money that badly?
Henry Fonda was always quite surprising pulling off a villainous role, and his mangy varmit in "Firecreek" is no exception(as an actor, he seems such an upright citizen that it takes a few scenes to accept him as a scurrilous killer, but he certainly makes it work). Murderous gang rides into dirtwater town and terrorizes the locals, including honorary sheriff James Stewart. Despite a very odd direction(with titillation asides), this is a formidable western with a sturdy cast. The mean-spiritedness of the picture is extremely tough to shake off however, and action-fans won't get much satisfaction until the bullet-ridden finale.
Middling adaptation of Roger Hedden's play about four twentysomethings in small Arizona town trying to find some truth in their lives. Acting showcase for Eric Stoltz, Bridget Fonda, Phoebe Cates and Tim Roth is surprisingly uneventful--and mercilessly slow-moving. Performances by Fonda and Cates outclass the men, with Roth a real irritant as a feckless drifter (of course, the character as written isn't exactly a charmer). Some of the dialogue is sharp and there are interesting bits and pieces. Stoltz also co-produced, and the small budgeted film has a very stylish, quasi-surreal look that bolsters the limp action. ** from ****
I caught this flick on cable one night and couldn't believe the sheer awfulness of it. Even if the borrowed footage and the cheap toy props were supposed to be tongue-in-cheek, it sure didn't work! And did anyone else notice that in the big "battle scene", they kept showing the exact same tank footage over and over and over and over and... well, you get the idea. Even if they had cast Leslie Nielsen, that couldn't have saved this mess. I gave this movie a rating of 1 only because zero wasn't an option. Don't say I didn't warn you!
I just rented superman 1 2 and 3 and watched them in succession. 1 and 2 rule of course.... but this piece of " needs to be banished from video stores everywhere. not only is ot completely far-fetched with the whole "uber computer" who has more powers than the terminator and my pentium III combined, but the plot is WEAK, and the acting is HORRIBLE. check out the scenes where "evil superman" tries to act tough. oooh.. tough man he is. whatever. dont rent this.. its a 1.5 hour trip into a bad place. even worse than "batman and robin"
Takeshi is the master of stretching 15 minutes of story into 2 hours. The first hour of this movie consists mainly of the main character (and others) slowly walking around. I estimate more than 30 min. of the first hour consists of sitting, walking, and 2 characters making small talk with no story significance. Occasionally, Azuma will punch or kick someone and continue to mope around. After more than 1 hour of not a single plot point something finally happens. When the story finally gets going, it is so unremarkable and predictable that you can barely keep your eyes open.
Another good idea ruined by the TV people. "Exo-Man" is the story of a college professor who is crippled by a spinal injury during a break-in (the bad guy whacks him across the back with a length of pipe). He uses his talents to build an exoskeleton (actually a suit) to enable himself to walk - and to avenge himself on the bad guys. The movie started out OK, but the special effects were poor for 1977 and the script was horrible. If this sounds familiar, the idea was handled a bit better in the short-lived series M.A.N.T.I.S.
This is a TERRIBLE film, one of the worst Shakespeare adaptations ever made in the history of the world. It manages to bore FROM THE FIRST FIVE SECONDS, and to watch the entire three hours is an appalling prospect. Made with no imagination at all, and on a budget of 57 pence, it has only one (boring) set, and an array of famous actor giving boring, boring performances. Even the comic pastoral scenes are slow, clumsy and lumpen. Poor Shakespeare. Poor students forced to watch this film. When you die and go to Hell, this will be the in-flight movie.
This movie was a serious test of my patience. I have seen few movies where I've felt more disinterest towards the plight of the actors involved. The fact that the cast spoke as if their mouths were full of marbles certainly did not help their cause. The adoration that the soulless Lady Lou (Mae West) commanded was befuddling at best. Mae West's one liners, although bordering on slick, were those of a person desiring a kick in the chops. As you may have guessed, I am one of the two users who gave She Done Him Wrong a "1".
...as one of those films you go to see, knowing nothing about it, except that you like the stars: i.e., Jeff Goldblum and Michelle Pfeiffer. I was also wanting to get together with a friend I hadn't seen in a while. Does the fault lie in my expectations or in the impression that the ads led me to believe the film would be about. If it is a spoiler to expect to see a madcap comedy with two actors who are really good at madcap comedy, and get a very bleak, Brechtian story, then I am guilty.
GODAWFUL! Not sure how they though any part of this would be scary e.g. the God of Death intro. The Anime was alright and I heard that this was even better. I have since removed such so called creditable witnesses to movies from my friends list. Don't ever ever ever ever see this movie, unless being disappointed is what you're looking for. I don't get how so many people thought this was a masterpiece. I mean everything was bad about it special effects, acting, dubbing, and there were many goofs that are unthinkable.
Not sure why this movie seems to have gotten such rave reviews. While watching "Bang" one night on TV, I found myself bored by the nonsensical, random plot which was occurring on screen. The entire movie seems to be nothing more than an exercise in meaningless, artsy-fartsy self-indulgence on the part of the filmmaker. The fact that the director/writer goes by a one name moniker only reinforces this sense of pretentiousness. Those interested in indie flicks would be better off looking for something better written and dare I say, more entertaining than this complete waste of time.
A misconceived effort to 'update' Austen. Embarrassingly overt sexual and political subtexts leer at you from every place the filmmaker could cram them in against the sense of the book. The acting is quite good, especially O'Conner and Pinter, but much of the production design and soundtrack seems a rip from the excellent 'Remains of the Day'. The worst is that there is nothing literary left - not the first time a director's agenda betrays that they just don't get why literature exists in the first place. Try 'Persuasion' instead, and after that ANY of the other contemporary Austen adaptations.
The dance scenes were too long, the chansons didn't really match with the plot. The only cool scene was the deadly game with the mysterious club owner. Without the singing and dancing stuff it could be a wonderful movie about the story of the three women which are linked together in a special way. After half of the time I was the only one left in the cinema watching the boring movie. Even my french flatmate didn't like the movie. If you like to see a better (and typical) french movie then choose "La vie est une chanson".
I rented this movie based on the fact that the Blair Witch Project supposedly stole the idea for their movie from this one. Like the Blair Witch Project I was very disappointed with the film. The ending was the only real plus. It was totally unexpected and threw me for a loop. The BWP did a much better job creating a "real" atmosphere. What was with those generic microphones at the podiums of the supposed "real" news conferences from law enforcement authorities? They were far from convincing. I give this film a C (the ending saves it from a D).
That so many good actors would get together in such a bad film. This movie's premise seems to be "take a cast, put them on an SST, and then subject them to trouble after trouble." I also find it hard to believe that so many good actors would have an off day every day of filming and at the same time. How many of their careers didn't get ruined by this film is beyond me, especially that of John de Lancie. Avoid this one at all costs. Airport '79 was a much better film, and Airplane! was a whole lot funnier.
Half-decent acting, nice cinematography- story wasn't plotted well, characters entered and left with little to no explanation or foreshadowing or really any reason. Story possibly overshadowed by possibly that these are memories of the writer/director, and not enough time was spent making it wholly understandable to an audience with no prior knowledge of his memories. Very anti-climactic, ambiguous rationalizing- and a still shot of space. Main character's thrust not very well explained other than generic "leaving the farm" type of moment at the beginning, not enough tie-ins to previous reinforcing principles and moments earlier in the story. Hoped for more- 3/10
This movie made quite an inpact on anyone who saw it in the 70's. A masterpiece. Pioneer work, first rate stop motion animation. The director and producer Ivo Caprino, invented a whole new 'multi camera system', and the brilliant result is this classic movie. To this date 5 million(!) tickets sold at the boxoffice in Norway alone! Thats more then there are people in Norway. The fact that this movie surely inspired the Podrace (filmed 25 years later) in Starwars Episode I, should be proof enough for anyone that this is a movie ahead of its time. More info at www.flaklypa.com
Very, very different to the flash-bang wizardry of almost all TV sci-fi these days, but a marvellous and suspenseful piece of viewing. It requires more than the usual suspension of disbelief until the characters and story fall into place, but the acting--live remember--is powerful and extremely effective. Flemying is excellent as Quatermass, and the supporting cast uniformly good. It isn't perfect. It is acted live, with all the limitations that brings with it. It has a mix of styles and seems uncertain of what year it might actually be set in, but it becomes a riveting piece of television.
Kissing A Fool is such a delightful movie, you can't help but love it. The movie has a great script and a brilliant cast, including, the fantastic Mili Avital (One of my favourite actress'. She's destined to go far.) and David Schwimmer who are both brilliant here. (I think it's great that they're both together in 'real-life.' (And engaged too.)) I shouldn't really forget, Jason Lee who is also good here. If you haven't seen, Kissing A Fool, then I'd really advise you too. Like I've said many times, it sure is brilliant and I give it a well deserving 10/10.
Scrapple is a wonderful hippie comedy. Set in 1978,the town of Ajax, Colorado is poised on the edge of turning from a fun-loving hippie community to a yuppie ski resort. While a small time drug dealer is out for the ultimate score, the outcome could mean the end to a way of life, particularly for Scrapple the Pig. The groovy music is by Taj Mahal. Beautifully photographed by Robert Smith and sublimely acted by an ensemble cast, Scrapple sweeps you away to a more innocent time. Viewers have commented: "It makes you want to quit your day job."
This television movie about an underground Princeton porn club had potential. It was better than I thought it would be. Yes, it didn't go beyond the Animal House level of complexity, but it actually tried to deal with the material using a small measure of intelligence. Not enough though. I was disappointed that every time the movie introduced an interesting plot thread which would have made the movie about more than just "liberated students vs. stifling university dean" it was dropped by the next commercial because serious thought would have interfered with the party atmosphere the movie tried to foster.
As silly as those "Beach Party" movies from the mid-'60s could get, at least they had energetic casts and funny screwball comedy. "Roller Boogie" does have a curly-topped Linda Blair, but backs her up with a bunch of long-in-the-tooth teen-nobodys and awful disco music on the soundtrack. Jim Bray, real-life skater and debuting romantic lead, works well with Linda and they have a few engaging scenes, but the romance is so shallowly presented that one can only scoff, and the film's big climactic chase is botched by sloppy editing. This one is truly hell on wheels. *1/2 from ****
Trying to cash in on the roller disco craze, this movie starring Linda Blair, has a cute and innocent atmosphere to it. It is no academy award winner, and it is hokey in parts, but all and all it is a nice time capsule that highlights the fad of the late '70s and early '80s. The plot line was actually re-used in the movie "Breakin'2:Electric Boogaloo" (1984), which is another great pop culture movie. The California atmosphere, the music, and the skating sequences make this movie worth watching over and over again. A definite title for anyone that likes 'dated' movies.
Apart from two scenes of gratuitous nudity there's absolutely nothing to recommend here."Too Scared to Scream" is completely lifeless,dull and bloodless outing in the slasher genre.The acting is awful,the pace is extremely slow and the final motif of a knife-wielding killer is so painfully stupid that it has to be heard to be believed.Anne Archer in her first role is incredibly wooden,and there is almost no blood and gore to be seen here.So don't be fooled by other reviews-this is one of the worst,most boring slash'em all flicks I have ever seen.1 out of 10.You'll regret seeing this your all life!
First it had to endure having the three stooges in its ranks, and later Abbott and Costello. Be that as it may, this is another of the better stooge shorts complete with Vernon Dent and some very sexy harem girls. The stooges start first as starving artists in Paris, and then Foreign Legion soldiers (with familiar "about face" marching routines), Santa Clauses (There ain't no Santy Claus) and harem girls. They are of course hilarious in each, and then the climax with their encounter with the lion. One of the faster moving episodes and as usual quite worth watching.
The One is a wonderful movie. It is very similar to "The Wedding Planner", but is still it's own movie. Richard Ruccolo is great as Michael Blake, and it was great to see him again since his show went off the air. He is very adorable, and should have more roles! This movie was so great, I stayed up to watch the encore presentation. It really gets you think about whether or not "the One" really exists. I don't know when it will be on again, right now its not scheduled anytime soon, but definitely watch it with someone you love!
I love the police-type of TV shows and 240-Robert is one of my favorites! Mark Harmon, John Bennett Perry and Joanna Cassidy made a GREAT team! The characters sense of humor and professionalism made this show very believable. I remember seeing this show as a kid and thinking how proud it must be to serve as a Deputy Sheriff. I hope to visit the old 240-Robert station in California some day. I hear that it is a lifeguard station located off Pacific Coast Highway. Perhaps 240-Robert will show up in reruns someday? That would truly be an AWESOME day indeed!
I rented this movie to see how the Sony pd170 camera shoots, (I recently purchased the same camera) and was blown away by the story and the acting. The directing, acting, editing was all above what I expected from what appeared at first glance to be a "Low budget" type of movie. I learned a lot from the film as an actor and a Director of Photograpy. Thanks for making a great movie. As an indie film maker (Currently shooting "Bank+Shot" in New Orleans Louisiana and surrounding areas I also recommend "Peices of April" with Katie Holmes. Gary Desroche
"Hook" is hands down one of the best movies ever made. It's got great acting done by Robin Williams and Dustin Hoffman and Julia Roberts, and the others are all good too (although the little girl gets kind of annoying...). This movie should definitely be considered a classic. It's funny, it's cute, it's sweet, and it's very quotable: "Ruf-i-o," "Bangarang..." and more. And I love the man who "lost his marbles," literally. What a cute and clever little plot thing to throw in. This is a great movie for kids to watch, and for everybody else as well.
This movie is not for everyone. The story is pretty weak and the humor is very age oriented. The movie was very humorous if you enjoy the white man who thinks he's a black man humor. The most amusing piece of the movie is the dialogue that is spoken by B-Rad (Jaime Kennedy). Jaime Kennedy does a very good job portraying B-Rad,the ghetto like white boy. It comes across as hilarious because everyone finds it amussing except him. IF you are looking for a good laugh, and you like that type of humor, I would recommend going to see this movie.
The cutting edge of early '90's American film includes this work by Gregg Araki, a frightfully funny, harrowing tale of two HIV positive dudes who can't stand it all, blame (then president) George Bush, and take it all on the road for a final (?) spree. The film contains the typical cute gay boys, friendly fag-hag with her own hetero issues, violence, and ridiculously corny Araki dialogue. And guess what? It somehow all works! By the end the two protagonists are likeable people with relatable feelings. The closing scene is one of the most memorable in indie cinema of the '90's.
A detective (Richard Conte) goes undercover, posing as an intern at New York's Bellevue Hospital, in order to solve the murder of another intern. What he discovers is a rather sophisticated operation of gambling and drug dealing. Desperate interns, a seductive and crooked ward nurse played by Colleen Grey, and a rather demented hospital maintenance man (Pops) played by Richard Tabor, together call into question the very integrity of the famous hospital. Conte works his way through to solve the murder and to learn the circumstances around it in some unusual film noir settings amidst darkened hospital wards and empty hallways.
The sort of show that simply wouldn't make it to television today, "Then Came Bronson" told quiet, lyrical, sometimes comic, sometimes dramatic stories about a young man traveling through America in search of personal meaning; unlike many attempts at this theme, the show was never heavy-handed, offering intelligent, often quirky character portraits of the people Jim Bronson encountered. The viewers always came away with a rewarding, thought-provoking experience. It's a pity both the pilot film & the individual episodes aren't available on video or DVD. Shows of this caliber may be born of their particular time, but their substance is timeless.
For a small independent film musical about a cross-dresser, overweight girl with a wired jaw, cute but screwed up teen, OTT drama queen and a doormat femme fatale...CAMP is an overwhelmingly good film. The title aside, which may turn many people off the idea of watching the movie, the music is brilliant and after two months since I saw it I still cannot get one of the songs outta my head...Country Plant it's called. A wonderful host of newcomer talent who all deserve to have great careers ahead of them and ignore the title, the film is bloody funny!
Edward Burns likes Woody Allen. Edward Burns is a very clever writer. Woody Allen is a very clever writer. Both Edward Burns & Woody Allen are from New York. Woody Allen does not appear in "Sidewalks of New York." I expected Woody Allen to walk on the set at any time during "Sidewalks of New York," but Woody Allen does not appear in "Sidewalks of New York." Edward Burns stars in "Sidewalks of New York." Imitation is the perfect form of flattery. Flatter yourself, Edward Burns; you have touched graces with a master (on the sidewalks of New York). Good Job!
Get set for all the zany fun in this hilarious comedy about an Asian immigrant that everyone calls "Bruce," because of his resemblance to the legendary Bruce Lee. Bruce unknowingly works as cook for the mob and is duped into making deliveries of "Chinese Flour" - which is really cocaine - all across the U.S. It's a non-stop, rollicking romp when Bruce is persuaded by a wild and crazy assortment of characters - Texas sheriffs, Vegas hookers, rival mobsters, Kung Fu Krishnas, street punks, Urban cowboys and a host of other wacky, weird people interested in "flour."
A very ragged-looking voyeuristic Bigfoot kidnaps girls to keep in his cave for no apparent reason whatsoever. Enter two girls vacationing at a cabin (one of whom is Ushi Digard who can barely speak English) who meet up with a small group of hippies. Soon they're all attacked by some bad guys looking for their stash until Bigfoot shows up. This is a shoddy production all around with sex scenes that go on WAAAY too long. There is one bizarre dream sequence of a showdown between two girls wearing only gun belts and boots. Recommended only to liberal-minded Bigfoot completists only.
Writing, acting, direction---this is hands-down the best buddy movie ever made. For the life of me, I don't understand why it's not more popular or better known! The plot flies. It's hilarious and poignant, full of wonderful little touches and unforgettable performances (Dennis Farina is a mob boss who threatens his employees with lines like "you and that other dummy better start getting more personally involved in your work, or I'm gonna stab you through the heart with a f--king pencil"). And the ending is unbelievably satisfying. A great guy flick, and my top "sleeper" hit of all time.
I enjoy this film each time I watch it. I watched it twice on the Video, later I bought the DVD and have watched again a couple of times. Even though I know what is going to happen, the humor does not miss to bring laughter. Its a gradual moving comedy drama without some stupid 'sexual' comedy. One has to understand the movie in order to enjoy the funny moments. Particularly my favorites are: Marvin look.... !!! Sunglasses. Son of a bi*** stole my cigarettes again. Take a wild guess. Watch it, you will like it :)
This film is extremely offensive to just about everybody, but therein lies it's beauty. If you are easily offended especially by the C word you will hate this film. If however you are a teenager or twenty something looking for some hilarity then call round your mates, get them to bring round pizza and beer and you have the recipe for an unforgettable evening. Cook and Moore are absolutely fantastic really work well sparking off each other. This would never be released these days - you are unlikely to find anything like this ever again.
Amazingly good, in the mould of a classic western, with Sanjay Dutt, who is maybe one of the best actors period. He is up there with Pacino, Bachchan, Brando, etc. Nandita Das stood out, playing Dutt's wife, in a very powerful performance. I enjoyed the slow build up to the climax of the film; Puri in one of his best "bad guy" roles was also great. .. One warning, I had to buy this DVD three times. Both previous copies by Spark, where defective and would not play past the 70-minute mark. Highly recommended.
Perhaps only twins like the Polish brothers could have made the quintessential work of art about conjoined twins--one that shows the uniqueness and depth of this bond, while universally hinting at how deeply love is rooted in our very flesh. Often the attempts to delve into these relationships (of conjoined or even identical twins) has been produced by non-twins and has assumed some kind of pathology--something either incestuous, or morbidly dependent. One thinks immediately of Cronenberg's Dead Ringers. What the Polish brothers have given us is nothing short of miraculous, utterly human and as poignant as anything I have ever experienced.
I believe some of the negative comments on this film may be do to people not familiar with the comic strip. I grew up with this comic strip and enjoyed the film very much. Daisy mae was one of my first screen sweethearts. The singing voice of Daisy Mae was Imogene Lynn, a not well known singer except in the musical crowd. I thought the song about politicians in Washington is still valid today. The plot maybe a little corny but it was able to incorporate the little aspects of the comic strip that us old timers are familiar with. Russ
The writer came up with a pretty decent idea for a story, but many flaws in the execution of the plot took so much away from the film as to nearly render it unwatchable. Basic elements such as character development were glossed over, at best. Inconsistencies also reared their ugly heads. A massive mansion in the middle of the rural Irish countryside? Characters just "showing up" in the gardens during a stormy night (at very convenient times, I might add)? All in all it wasn't "bad". I rated it a 4, based mostly on the story and talent of Alison Elliott.
What members of the Bush administration said. Why it was all false. Lots of words about weapons of mass destruction, nuclear weapons, biological weapons, chemical weapons, grave threats, and Al-Qaeda. Nothing about concern or freedom for the Iraqi people, something that came stage center only after the other reasons for the war were exposed as bald-faced lies. Oscars to Mr. Bush and Mr. Powell for superior acting (lying in a most convincing fashion) and to Mr. Rumsfeld for a chameleonic performance (changing as the story changed). This is a film every American and Briton should watch.
What is essentialy a very simple story is made into a compelling masterpiece by Russel Crowe and Al Pacinos performance's. Michael Mann certainly is the mann as even with the great acting the film would have been very dull with out the direction of Mann. His ability to keep the atmosphere of the film going through image and music is second to none. Suspence is held throughout with a kind of feer to the characters. We have to wait till the end for his trademark slow motion frame, but it well worth it. Excellent Film.
If you haven't seen this movie yet, you should make it your next rental. It's a gangster movie, and like all gangster movies it stands or falls on the strengths of the lead actor. In this case, we have Bob Hoskins, whose performance is so powerful that it will be the only thing you remember, except for a vague picture of Helen Mirren looking exquisite but uncharacteristically bland. Even as formidable a presence as Mirren's can't stand up to the lunatic intensity of Hoskins' performance. She actually seems to shrink from him, as who would not in this movie? Highly recommended.
Like all Nite Owl Theater DVDs, this Fred Olan Ray film is a mess of tired special effects, poor acting, and nudity. There's a weak plot about a beautiful aging actress who turns into a six and a half foot tall rubber monster that rips people up here and there. There's a detective or something and a scientist or something..that doesn't really matter if you're just waiting to see a bare body in a following scene because that's all there is here. A cheap soap opera with pathetic monsters. There's alot of entertaining alien films out there..this isn't one of them.
Based on an actual event, Lynch's niece had a nightmare where she recited the alphabet in her sleep, this film is basically the same thing, with a young woman reciting the alphabet in her sleep while we see nightmarish imagery. Its an interesting piece with truly frightening images. Unfortunately the animation isn't all that spectacular, consisting of animated drawings. Its a good piece that mostly works and shows the seeds of the later Eraserhead. If you come across one of the short film videos of Lynch's early work this film, and one or two others, makes it worth renting.
This film is worth seeing simply for its monumental crapness. In the first half an hour alone countless unsympathetic characters are introduced, some of whom proceed to perform random and inexplicable actions throughout. The plot is so disjointed and badly conceived, it requires considerable effort to maintain any idea of what's going on. Not that there's any reason to do so. Instead, viewers should marvel at some appallingly bad dialogue, a staggeringly inept piece of acting from Liz Hurley, and one of the most incomprehensible plotlines I've ever come across in a film. Worth watching, simply because it is SO bad.
''The General'' clearly ranks at the top of Keaton's work in silent film. This movie is eerily beautiful, funny and evokes what may be film's closest version of what the Civil War was really like. By the way, the story is based in truth. Keaton did other solid work before and after ''The General.'' But this is his best. Check out the scene in which he's on the train...the water spout douses him with water and he looks into the sky to see if it's raining. Or when he throws the chunk of wood at the cannon. Very simple, very memorable.
The perfect ending, the great theme that will play in your head for days afterwards, love, post war Vienna, black market scams, a faked death, a friends betrayal for what is right and Welles. If you have any doubt about how good this genius was, check this movie out. He's on the screen for about 10 minutes, yet steals the film from the brilliant performances of Joseph Cotton, Trevor Howard etc. The classic bad guy that somehow you can't bring yourself to hate. Check it out and see if you can hate Orson when he flashes you that smile.
Enlightenment Guaranteed may seem funny at first but in fact it's very serious and explicitly Buddhist, since it involves two German brothers and their adventures in getting into and out of Japan's Monzen Buddhist monastery. Unfortunately the only format in which it has been released in North America is German VHS with English Subtitled which is somehow disappointing but the beauty of the movie almost makes you forget this little problem, The more interesting fact is that the actors actually had to live the monastery life during the shooting: for two weeks they and the crew never left the Monzen grounds!
Didn't Hollywood get this putrid mess out of their systems back in the 70's when filming all those abysmal James Bond dogs? Now they come back with a rehash of the same old crap with 2 popular actors; who, I might add, could and have done better. This turkey never left the ground it was so weighted with a dull script and terminally stupid dialogue. Had the producers cut out all the silly one liners and unrealistic footage, the show would have lasted about 10 minutes. Travolta deserves better than this, but I guess he couldn't say no to the payday.
For fans of 1930's Poverty Row, the very presence of a storm-battered mansion elicits a pleasant feeling, and makes otherwise unforgivable flaws within the film bearable. I've never seen an "Old Dark House" movie I didn't like, but some are definitely better than others. Case in point: "One Frightened Night." Starting with an ingenious credit sequence, the movie consistently offers an awareness of its own cliches. This refreshingly tounge-in-cheek-attitude - along with top-notch acting and pacing - make it a superior product. Everything seems to click. I recommend this as an intro to Old Dark House movies. 10/10.
Rated T for Violence. I got Rainbow Six a couple of years ago for a cheap price.I didn't really like this game.Rainbow Six is a fairly overrated game in my opinion.Its hard.I had this game for years and I am still stuck on the second level.The first level was pretty fun and had a fair amount of action.The graphics were great for 1998.However this game I thought was pretty hard and overrated.If you see Rainbow Six for a very cheap price buy it but by cheap I mean under $9.99.I have not played the other Tom Clancy games. 7/10
I love "The Prince and the Pauper" and Billy and Bobby Mauch. When they laugh together, I can't help laughing, too. I wanted to comment on their enunciation -- a charming idiosyncrasy. They pronounce every "to" with unusual emphasis -- like Bette Davis, who was at Warner Brothers, too! I was imagining -- sheer speculation -- that Bette Davis and the Mauch twins had the same vocal coach who encouraged them to over-articulate. I also was amused when one of the twins pronounced his family "TU-TOR" instead of "Tudor." Still --the movie is delightful.
So simple, so good. This film is a milestone in Turkish cinema. You will not see the so-called "art film" syndromes or "avant-garde absurdities" in this film. But this doesnt mean that it lacks of depth. No way buddies, this is a pretty good film: entertaining, giving cinema pleasure, and having depth in plot. Cem Yilmaz acts wonderful. Mazhar Alanson of famous band MFO which I am a fan of, is quite good together with Selim Nasit who died shortly after this film. Good plot, good acting, good songs. You'll certainly enjoy it! I give 8 out of 10.
A SUPERMAN Cartoon. Another mad scientist has sent his creations to terrorize Metropolis. Giant flying robots are pulling off daring bank robberies & jewel heists. When intrepid reporter Lois Lane is carried off by one of the robots, it's Superman to the rescue. But can even he stand up to the pounding he's about to receive from THE MECHANICAL MONSTERS? This was another in the series of excellent cartoons Max Fleischer produced for Paramount Studio. They feature great animation and taut, fast-moving plots. Meant to be shown in movie theaters, they are miles ahead of their Saturday Morning counterparts.
Years ago when this aired on Baton Rouge's WLPB PBS station it was HEAVILY edited! Only after someone reminded me that it was being re-shown on WYES in New Orleans UNCUT I eagerly tuned in! Totally changed the entire direction of the movie! I don't think stations should be allowed to run cut movies. Show it at a later time but don't hack up good movies, especially a classic just for someones Puritanical nonsense! Have to say...even cut up as it was the first time I saw it, it was still a 10.
Saw this with the wife. Interestingly, she was grossed out, but enjoyed it. ****Possible spoilers ahead*** Think of this as "Creepshow", but more disturbing on a mental level. "Dumplings"--the HK extreme-- will definitely gross out the average viewer, but can be seen as an allegory to the trends of beauty today. "Cut"--the Korean extreme--brings some of Park Chanwook's themes of the "Vengeance" trilogy into a 40 minute segment. Very nerve-racking. "Box"--the Japanese experience--pretty standard Miike a la Gozu. But extremely entertaining. While nowhere as disturbing as "Audition", these three would pack a wallop in any American theatre. Savor it...
You can always recognize a good movie by these elements : 1- good story with an interesting intrigue 2- great actors 3- a few young & promising new faces in movies This one has it all. The views are great, the ambiance is dark, the dialogs precise & intriguing, a lot of twists and turns, never really understand how it'll play out until the final chapter is upon you. In short, if you like police movies with some political twists & some great suspense and action, you're @ the right stop !!! Enjoy this one. Peace
This is the film where director John Waters returns to the more aggressive and violent universe of his earlier movies. After wimpy Cry Baby and feelgood Hairspray he gives us a movie about a housewife (brilliantly played by Kathleen Turner) so eager to protect her children, her marriage and the wildlife that she is forced to harass and kill neighbours, ex-boyfriends and schoolteachers. Never before has John Waters given his characters so much room in an environment so nice and cosy. I loved this movie. And don´t miss what's under the spandex pants at the concert with the group Camel Lips.
I've just seen "Bin ich schön?" today and I totally disagree with the other critic. I think this film is BEAUTIFUL (That's the better word to describe it) because it's made of small things and tries not to give a lesson or just entertain you for two hours, you will leave the cinema with your heart touched... No one had showed me Spain, the way Doris Dörrie did... Plain, simple and yet astonishing... Perhaps I understood her because I come from a country that lives of small rituals like Spain does. The music is also fantastic, like in every Dörrie film.
Werner Herzog narrates sparingly from an alien's perspective, but for the most part lets the images do the talking themselves. And yes, there are some pretty powerful images contained within this 50 minute documentary. This is a pretty typical Herzog documentary, which if you aren't familiar with him, that means it's a pretty slow paced film. But the images are so great, if you let yourself get caught up in them, I don't see the slow pacing to be a problem. Herzog always says he's looking for "ecstatic truth" in his films. I think he achieved that with this one.
A movie with the great Pierce Brosnan can't go wrong really, everything he does, he makes look effortlessly cool. The story about the diamond heist though, seems secondary to the beautiful locations, and Brett Ratner's obcession with filming Miss Hayek's chest from all conceivable angles (not necessarily a bad thing). Although Hayek is SO botoxed that she can barely move her facial muscles to express any kind of emotion. Woody Harrelson and Brosnan make a really funny team, and if they make a sequel, I hope it concentrates on their two characters, because they have a great screen chemistry.
This is a great example of "film noir," as every scene has some sort of shadow pattern on the wall, the floor, the faces. All shots are done with key light on the faces. The patterns suggest "jail," "locked up," "flight" (as in a train track), "trapped," (as in a cobweb), and others. There isn't one scene that doesn't have a shadow in it! Even the day time sequences. And the actors that had great careers: Stanwyck, Gary Merrill, Claude Akins, even Jesse (the original maytag repairman) White, and, of course, George Sanders, who plays a "deNazified" ex-Nazi. Whew! Great stuff.
"Caught" is a tight, ensemble drama which does something few films can do. It offers solid character development and explores the range of human emotion while telling a story with real depth and fidelity. Perfectly cast and executed, "Caught" peers into the lives of a middle aged couple who own a NYC fish market as a hired man becomes more than just a friend displacing their wayward adult son by day, the work-a-day husband by night, and acts as a catalyst for some compelling situations and performances. An excellent watch for mature audiences into psychodramas sans Tinseltown's usual hype and glitz.
A curiosity primarily for the array of character actors (Walter Brennan, Jane Darwell, Alice Brady, Jesse Ralph). The usual backstage clichés: rehearsal begins with full costumes, sets and orchestra. The backstage area is spacious and well-lighted. And the show goes on in spite of the temperamental leading lady. One of the rare film opportunities to see Lawrence Tibbett. He sings extensive operatic excerpts, and it's not as stagy as one might expect for early filmed opera. This was filmed during the peak period of his career. Sadly, as his voice declined, he faded into alcohol abuse, arrests, and a life-ending fall.
I witnessed this atrocity sometime in the late 1980's and It Remains to this day to be the worst film I ever seen, Running a Close Second is the film Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow, Both Stinkers.. And this surprises me that Richard Lowenstein Directed, he If I am not mistaken did some fine videos for the band, Guess Michael owed him a favor and hence, Dogs..... But... Michael K Hutchence remains to this day one of the most prolific and sincere front-men of our time. Love The Man, Hated The Film.. See Ya
+ three points for production values bigbrother with ghosts, kinda bad plot especially as the actors were basic teens... this movie could have been from dimension films... i didn't get scared... the ideas were that used. the use of bass, and mtv-style editing. sounds we're similar to everything you have seen before. nothing new... except that it's not made in California =D. the ghosts maybe scare kids, but to me a grown man whose seen a lot of crap, this movie made no impact. dull, boring, nothing new. another teen movie, with bass sounds with every scare =D
Terrible title for a very good, modest and charming movie. Great cast, good story, good dialogue. The beginning is a bit slow but it grows on you. Both funny and moving. I cried a little at the end. But it's not a drama. It's just about love and real life, complicated, messy and rewarding. It's a 'feel good' movie but it's not with the usual Hollywood crap. I recommend it without any restriction, except to those who liked Richard Gere in "Autumn in New York". If you liked that, the "Goat/Fish" is not for you. We are talking about cinema here.
"Shadowzone" is a typical horror film from Full Moon Entertainment.In the underground laboratory a group of scientists are doing experiments with dreams.They accidentally kill one of the volunteers.David Beecroft is sent to investigate the death.When he arrives there,he finds out that the scientists have released a monster from a dream dimension.All of them are stuck under the ground while the monster kills them."Shadowzone" is a surprisingly well-done horror film loaded with nudity and graphic violence.The acting is decent and the characters are well-developed.The climax is disappointing,though.The film is still worth checking out,if you like bloody monster flicks.My rating:7 out of 10.
Don't get me wrong, I liked Coyote Ugly, but this one was much better! The story was better, even the actors were better. Also, Emmy Rossum sang her own songs! She even has 2 tracks on the soundtrack. Plus, the screening that I went to was the Arizona premiere, so writer/director Alan Hruska and story consultant/assistant producer Patina Cole were there to do a Q&A after the screening. That was great because it gave more insight into the story and how the movie was made. In conclusion, this is definitely a movie that I would want to see again and again!!
I truly have been enjoying all the characters featured on Girlfriends. Their talent is so deep and rich that I have to remind myself they are actually actors and not real life characters. Having said that I know you will agree with me that it is because of their true talent which is so convincing, compelling and genuine to life that I can almost believe in the reality of the characters as true to life. I look forward to "many" more seasons of "my" Girlfriends! Congratulations "Girlfriends" for your success of the past and the future with "CW". Debbie
> I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. Apparently the movie did so poorly > at the box office that it was not at theaters for very long. I first saw the > movie on cable and found it to be a very funny movie. Mike Myers is funnier > in this movie that in any of his more successful movies. Mike Myers also > plays the character of his scottish, immigrant father who is hilarious. > Nancy Travis is incredibly irresistible as the love interest/suspected axe > murderer. There are some great cameos by Phil Hartman and Steven Wright. >
More acutely than I've experienced in a long time, this film captures the process of personality inheritance within families. The interaction/influence between Bernard and Walt is almost painful to watch at times, but it's completely rich. Beyond just that father/son dynamic, the story is so poignant without ever getting sappy - a true accomplishment for a family drama involving divorce. Nothing hits you over the head. Nothing seems too forced. While there's plenty of confusion, discomfort, and alienation, a sense of love shines through, and I couldn't help but get attached to all of the characters. I recommend this film unconditionally.
I had never heard about this "documentary" before, so I saw it with an open mind.. So when the footage of the first flight around 31 of mars 1903 came, I thought; "Wow, is this for real, is what I was thought in school just bull"... Then I remembered that the documentary was made in 1995, and this I would have heard of... Anyway, it is a mindblower in a way, it makes ppl think how much you are influenced by these socalled serious documentaries.. Allways remember that movies, news and documentaries are made in the eyes of it`s maker..
From what I remember this was a fairly bad movie... but it had one redeeming feature. The best part was the plastic surgeon's office, which was decorated nicely with autographed photos displaying of each of his female patients (unclad chests only). I find this scene particularly entertaining, because my brother went to college with the son of a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, and in this doctor's office, almost the exact same thing was on exhibition.... So that was cool. Otherwise, the movie pretty much blows. Don't see it unless you're really desperate to view one scene showcasing several faceless boob jobs
The authors had to be under the influence of chemicals that are not normally present in the body (perhaps something from the 8th dimension). It's a rare style of movie in that while the characters take themselves seriously, the movie does not. This movie really makes no sense, but you don't want to watch it if it has to make sense. It's a series of moments. If you try to go linking them together to form a plot, you will fail miserably. So just enjoy. If you watch it, you'll understand the full context of "Laugh a-while-a you can, monkey-boy!"
It seems like the only comments here are very negative. I found it rather entertaining, maybe it did not fully live up to the reviews but most of the history works. I think that both the lead characters are well played by Niels Olsen and Sidse Babett Knudsen and Lars Kaalund is great as the friend of Niller. Sofie Gråbøl made toes crumble but not because of bad play but because the character she played was so embarrassing clumbsy. But if people prefer movies like "Op på fars hat" and "kampen om den røde ko" then I come short of arguments.
Although not as fast-paced or well-lit as its sequel, Escape from LA, this movie works on the level that it is futuristic, without being TOO futuristic, and the main character is likeable, while being tough at the same time. Whether you like Kurt Russell or not, it seems that he was made for the part of Snake Plissken. One of its highest points is its theme song. It really gets your adrenaline going, and that is one of the most important factors of movies. Available on DVD. Sequel, Escape from LA, filmed 15 years after the original also available on DVD.
I really enjoyed this movie and even more so the second time. Pat Morita imparts wisdom like Chancy the gardener in Being There. Only this time it's not from a garden but the warm glow of a Chinese Food restaurant. A little bit of mystery, laughs, love lost and found and throw in (ow) a flying pug dog. I was glad to see that no animals were hurt in the filming of this movie - in fact the monkey seemed to be having some fun. Quirky characters that you can care about. Where can I get one of those fortune cookies?
I rented this and i thought: "oh, this looks like a nice action flick!", as i took this from the shelf. Damn, i was so wrong. It's got some mediocre action scenes, annoying actors with annoying voices, a Vinnie Jones totally out of shape and A LOT of "clever" comments by just about everyone. I suggest you go and check out "Man on Fire" instead. There we have a movie that's worth mentioning, as opposed to this one. I'm no good at writing reviews, so you'll just have to see it for yourselves. Such a mess. 4/10
As Good as it Gets was really a funny romantic comedy just like I expected. The movie focuses around the character of Melvin (Jack Nicholson) a superstitous, bigot, and writer. He then meets a waitress (Helen Hunt) and his gay neighbor (Greg Kinnear) and they all form a friendship with each other. As Good as it Gets got me hooked from the start. I like Jack Nicholson and Greg Kinnear. The two are paired with Helen Hunt and what comes out is a great, romantic comedy. There are some parts that are draggy but everything else is just great. 9/10
I wasn't expecting much of it since i only went to the theatre to see Alexandra Mutu who was sooo hot, but i was far worse than i had expected it to be.A poor plot, poor characters(except Garcea who makes you laugh a few times only because of the stupidity), crap acting and crap directing.The beginning made me wanna know what the heck i was doing there in the first place, the Skol beer advertising was horrible and the character - director interaction from the movie, which was intended to be fun was just bad taste.The TV show is far better.
The movie did not portray most of the characters in a believably authentic manner, although the Hackman character for the first 90% of the picture was fascinating. Breaking into the State Sovereignty Commission's files was gratuitous,unrealistic and added nothing more to the plot that a straightforward, legal examination of the files would have added. Fulfilling the death-row Last Meal request of Hackman for a bowl of Eskimo Pies by giving him Eskimo Pie ice cream pops, instead of the (nearly ) unique traditional Eskimo Pie seemed to underline what seemed like a lack of authenticity found throughout the movie. Very disappointing.
People who love: - depictions of New York City's Times Square (and New York City, for that matter) as gritty-as-you please and before it was remade as a family theme park - Tim Curry (see him here as a late-night radio DJ speaking to nocturnal urban denizens in verse from the center of Times Square) - movies about youthful rebellion that are half tongue-in-cheek will get a kick out of this movie. I recommend it, especially if you don't require that you grow spiritually or expand your vocabulary every time you invest 90 minutes in a movie.
This impressive time capsule of late-seventies/early-eighties NY is poignant at times, but still fun to watch. On the surface it's an anti-establishment teen film, but at its heart there is a deeper message about having confidence in yourself in spite of what others want you to believe to be true about who you are. Alan Moyle creates a moving sophomore directorial effort, while Robin Johnson, Trini Alvarado, and Tim Curry shine in their well-developed roles. Robin Johnson especially gives a great and underrated performance. If you have a soft side for 1980's teen films, do not miss this one.
Director Fritz Lang helms this well mounted drama of a struggling couple. Henry Fonda is a petty crook attempting to reform when he is framed on a murder charge. He eventually breaks out of prison and tries to escape to Canada with his wife (Sylvia Sidney) only fate seems to be against them. A nice blend of drama and romance with Fonda and Sidney most impressive in the starring roles. The fine supporting cast includes William Gargan, Barton MacLane, Margaret Hamilton, and Ward Bond. Unfortunately this gem of 1937 is not available on video and is seldom shown on TV anymore.
This movie was very hard to follow. The Irish brougues (sp?) did not help; maybe it was the fact that I know nothing of the Northern Irish Conflict, other than it's between the Catholics and Protestants. Being of Eastern European descent, I have no knowledge of it. Last few months, I thought I'd widen my horizons and see an occasional independent/fine arts/foreign film, but every movie I've seen I did not care for. Will try again with The Yards and eventually Mansfield Park, when it comes to video, but if I don't care for those I'll stick with the Hollywood-released films.
Before watching this film,I was thinking in this:''Another Asian horror movie.I think there will be the female ghost with a long black hair''.Long Khong uses that but its narrative took different ways for telling the story,which may not be too original,but at least,they are different than a lot of Asian horror films.That thing made me enjoy the film pretty much because that helps for creating an exotic tone which makes the movie really unpredictable.This film has some fails,like some scenes which are a little boring.Also,the ending was forced.But,in spite of that,Long Khong is ingenious,fun,unpredictable and very gory.And I really appreciated that.
The bedroom scene between Keaton and Nicholson has to rank as one of the all-time bad "sex" scenes I can recall on film. The director should have made up her mind if it was going to be funny, tender or passionate - instead we got a muddle of all three. Way longer than necessary (the movie certainly needed some trimming - this scene would have been the perfect place to start) - and that blood pressure check wasn't even funny - more like a desperate attempt to distract the audience from the obvious lack of romantic chemistry between the leads.
There are definitely some people who hate Greek Mythology. The proof lies in "Minotaur" movie. They took the story of Minotaur from the Greek Myth and they distorted so badly ending up with this awful movie. It is supposed to chance things cause you want to improve something not to make it worst. The original story of Minotaur based on symbolism is full of meaning. The story of this movie has nothing to tell. Absolutely not enjoyable. Like somebody else said... they butcher the mythology of the Minotaur story to make this. It's silly and insulting.
I watched 'Buffalo Girls' because of the Larry McMurtry 'Lonesome Dove' connection. With a cast of the calibre of this offering this TV movie could have been remarkable, but this books' translation to the screen just kept making me wince. Everyone in this sadly average offering seemed to be working on auto pilot and I can only put it down to schmaltzy dialogue that followed the letter of the novel but not the spirit. I've seen Angelica Houston in a lot of things and enjoyed her in every one.... except this one. I wish I'd never seen it. Sorry
This is the kind of movie that sucks the fun out of going to the cinema. Why sit through this kind of drivel when you can watch the original "All That Heaven Allows". This movie hasn't an original idea in it except to put everyone's guard up for the Politically Correct times we live in. Complete garbage, the cast is wasted. It's very depressing when you come out of the theater more subdued than when you went in, and this movie will do that to you. Hopefully, the director will not get another chance to "remake" any other director's original visions.
This is without a doubt, one of the most disappointing movies I have ever seen. I had high hopes for it based on the cast and the Oscar buzz it received. It was indeed beautifully shot and the set dressing was perfection. However, that was as deep as the movie got. It was as superficial and stilted as a 50's commercial endorsement. Are we actually supposed to buy that people spoke and behaved in this mannequin-like manner, simply because that was what the era "dictated"? So much could have been really done with this subject and nothing was. A real pity.
The sequel to romancing the stone is rather disappointing. The plot is shallow, humour is dry, and the whole atmosphere of the first is just not there. I wish those responsible for its production could see that and realize that this was not meant to be as memorable as the first. Nevertheless if you decide to watch this film, it is not what you call boring and overall it is just pleasant watching Douglas and Turner getting into trouble with their unexpected friend De Vito adding a bit of fun tone in the process. 4/10
. It seems the Directors were in way over their heads. Poorly Directed, Poorly Filmed, Poorly Written, and Poorly Acted. I understand it was low budget and all that, but come on... First year Film Students could have done better. Small wonder it went straight to DVD. And another thing... the "Special Features" part is one of the most Inane, Juvenile ramblings from a "Director?Writer" I have ever seen/heard. He even goes as far as threaten physical violence against critics that have posted negative reviews of his film on the web. They should stick to making Music Videos... .
Well, I make it short: Don't watch the German version of the movie... the people who did the dubbing should rather be doing other things in their sparetime. The whole audio part seems to be messed up... non-credible voices, and unintentional strange noises and sound. Besides that the plot seems to be very much constructed and you never really get to know the characters, everything seems to be very superficial. The only thing I liked about the movie are the significant pictures and some weird disturbing images. Sorry, that's not enough to make it a good movie. :o(
Why is this movie considered controversial? Its so Pro-US its scary - is that the controversial part? The sober black man persuading the thug that "im a believer!" crap. The backstabbing broadcasting company twisting the story to make the troops look bad for there own gain. The wounded soldier who refuses to give up -"i just want to get back to my unit!". The strong woman supporting the wounded soldier "just give him something to fight!" The compassionate intelligence officer. Yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, cliché, yadda, yadda, mtv-cutting, yadda, yadda, yadda, rock music. Generation Kill pwns this crap any day.
"Capricorn One" has a promising beginning: that story about the NASA faking the images of the arrival to Mars makes you think that's gonna be a nice politic film full of suspense. Anyway as the movie gets on the script turns completely tricky and so absurd, the plot splits into several parallel plots and there's a huge loss of intensity. Besides, nor OJ Simpson neither James Brolin are the best actors ever. A nice air chase with airplanes and helicopters and some entertaining sequences. That's all that you'll find in "Capricorn One"... *My rate: 4/10 ------------ ------------ ------------
Well it's Friday the 13th and by the remake is so retarded.Jason is Back!!But...... HE'S RETARDED!I'm So sorry all of you Jason fans but this just disappoints my butt.The only thing that Friday The 13th Part 12 Deserved in Media is a video game.Yes..a video game.Now Friday The 13th is classical 80's series in a creepy sorted of way.Now Other Series in the 80's Like Batman,Halloween,and Nightmare on Elm Stereet are 80's that don't lie.I kind of enjoyed the new Halloween Derectied by Rob Zombie but this is BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD! Hahaahahahahahah! Next Review: Superman Returns (2006) Sigend:The Angry Video game Nerd.
In a time where animation means animals, it's great to see a coming back to roots with human characters. It's all the more enjoyable that the Arabic culture isn't very exposed today. This opus is much better than the previous sequel, as well in the art than for the story: it mixes some tragedy, fun, adventures & historic appeal. The Midas Hand is really based on a myth. I am delightfully surprised to see that there's no time-out, except the silly songs parts: it's always based on jazzy tunes, so if you heard one, you heard them all!
i had to see this movie today.Gosh,the screenplay must have been created by barney..so silly situations and a Tea leoni trying to emulate a scream queen from a z-movie(let's say...superstition,that's a good example!!!)Adam Sandler with this goofy hairdo that makes him looks like Fat Albert(i think that eight crazy nights is better than this crap fest)and paz Vega...baby,you are gorgeous in these photos from the Spanish edition of GQ,but in this movie,you acted like La India Maria...i think i'm going to faint,i can't support remembering this poor attempt of a movie.The latinoamericans are not so silly and booby faced,do you know?
Adam Sandler returns to his true comedic form - making people laugh at stupid jokes, sight gags, etc. However, he is locked in his character as a moronic waterboy that hardly ever can break through to Sandler's true hilarious ability. Since Sandler was co-writer of this movie, he relies on the supporting cast to deliver his sense of humor. No one can be Sandler but Sandler. His humor is unique and genius - yet the cast doesn't deliver - Cathy Bates is terrible, Fairuza Balk is OK. The only standouts are The Fonz and the Cross-Eyed football player. A good rental.
In story, cinematography, and acting, I see the strong influence from Jean-Luc Godard's films in the 80s, especially arty-and-pop "amateur" crime movie First Name: Carmen. The behavior of Edward (Damian Young) after being tortured is reminiscent of Godard's acting; it cracks me up. However, I have to say this film is terrible for the following reasons: student film level of acting, full of meaningless dialogues (e.g. "I'm sorry" "For what?" "I don't know"), and an abrupt ending. Please no more clichéd amnesia gimmick to make a plot. Please no more "latest" technology gadget--I'm talking about that pathetic floppy disk joke.
A cigarette takes away 6 min of your life, this movie takes away 80 min of it. I cannot believe I watched this movie till the end, hoping the story would develop, it did'nt. Basically darkside blues takes place in the future where some corporate evil is up to their no good doings, and there are a bunch of rebels against them, and some mysterious guy appears out of nowhere, the end. I don't remember all of it, since I am trying to forget about this disaster. I would recommend anything else over this, yes even garbage pail kids the movie!
It`s often said that a short story is the most difficult thing to write . I agree that`s true and that`s probably the reason why I`ve never seen a short film that satisfies me , and I agree with the other reviewer who comments on the fact that DUMPING ELAINE is confused . Why do a young couple keep revisiting the cafe if they`ve broken up ? And why do the two waitresses seem so interested in them ? Gawd their whole interest in life seems to revolve around this on/off relationship. Why can`t people just mind their own business ?
One of Whoopi Goldberg's many post-"Color Purple" blunders, a half-comic/half-serious rendering of Lawrence Block's series of stories about a cat burglar who witnesses a murder while robbing a house. Swinging wildly from farce to suspense, director Hugh Wilson's schizophrenic rhythm never finds an appropriate tone, and as such we never warm to Whoopi's character. Lowest point is her scene in the dentist chair, getting her teeth drilled in what may be an unofficial--yet totally unfunny--nod to "Marathon Man". It's always nice to see John Goodman helping out, but a little of Bob Goldthwait goes a very long way. *1/2 from ****
Usually in a film if the acting or writing is bad, it's just boring or unfulfilling, or so stupid it's funny. In Merlin's case, it was painful to watch. I have never been so disappointed in a movie. I did not have particularly high expectations for a TV movie, but I do like the Arthurian legends, and this movie was a butchery. Particularly annoying were Helena Bonham Carter, Miranda Richardson, and of course, Martin Short. Sam Neill did do a reasonable, but not memorable, job. The Dungeons & Dragons movie, while bad, at least had some redeeming scenes and characters.
This movie it supposed to be very funny, why? Because it has a monkey, and they always do funny things, not only that Matt LeBlanc is a very funny actor (in "Friends" of course) because here it doesn't work as well as in the sitcom. I didn't laugh at all in the whole movie, and there's a moment you don't expect to laugh anymore. Ok, so it's a comedy, a stupid comedy to be true, and the worst of all you didn't laugh, so don't bother to see this one, and you better wait thursdays to see "Friends"
I bought this DVD because I expected it would provide some serious and interesting insights into Indian cult adventures, followed by some keen deprogramming techniques back home in the pond of Christianity. However, in this movie, for a sincere truth-seeker, the whole matter is interpreted on perhaps the lowest possible level. There is hardly a life lesson to learn from this movie, except one should perhaps not spend one's life on the Australian countryside, and the fact that sexuality is a strong force that's easily misinterpreted when it comes to true spirituality. An almost true waste of time.
This film has plenty of plot options and new character development to work with. However, the film makers seem content on turning what could have been a classy horror sequel into a borderline B movie. Unfortunately terribly awkward dialogue and poor staging give this film a very unsatisfactory feel. Still, it does advance the story line and continues the plot of the original film rather well. But in the end there is little excuse for a production company backing a film with this many visible flaws in a finished product. (PS - Don't put your money in this FX companies stock)
How can you mix slap-stick/Laurel and Hardy comedy and mean Pusher/Bleeder violence? That simply doesn't work for me! Ole Thestrup and Fritz Helmuth are simply too stupid and pinheaded - especially Ole Thestrup. The hunting scene along with the final get-even scene are just too stupid and unrealistic... Apart from that, I like the story, the acting (especially Mads Mikkelsen) and the the dialog. Still I can't quite figure out how it's possible to get lost in a forest near Frederica when driving from Copenhagen to Barcalona? It's motorway all the way!? I'm looking forward to seeing the Hollywood version...
Many great artists have composed masterpieces under the heavy influence of hallucinogenic drugs. That is no excuse for Highlander II. This is among the saddest movies ever made. Artificial ozone? Sean Connery back from the dead? The PLANET ZEIST?!?!? This movie is a low point in human history. What surprises me the most is that they actually dared to make a THIRD movie. Don't even bother with The Quickening, just watch the first movie and then skip to the third one (after all, that's what the producers did). Highlander II will be immortalized as one of the true failures of cinema.
This kept my interest in the early going but almost lost me as it turns into too much of a soap opera instead of a film noir, in which it is classified. There are some good touches film noir cinematography here and there which I enjoyed. Barbara Stanwyck, whom I usually like to watch, was nothing but a whining hypochondriac and not somebody you root for because of her constant demanding of everything. Yet, I somehow found her character at least bearable. I did like the ending and I thought it made the film more memorable and credible.
Oh man! This is bad! The acting is awful, the directing appalling and the script even worse! Everything that happens in this film is so incredibly implausible, ONE (there are several I could provide) example of this is when the two heroes come across a room guarded with laser death rays that can supposedly cut through stone and also flesh. So how do they get past you ask? Why Stupid Darryl Stupid Hannah simply deflects the beams using a mirror! What's that you say? But wouldn't the laser beams melt the mirror? Um....um....hey look behind you! *runs away* 2/10
Eddie Murphy goes back to Beverly Hills for another below par adventure, this time to investigate corruption at a popular theme park called Wonderworld. This third installment has many things that just don't work, including the annoying Wonderworld theme song and the absence of John Ashton. The filmmakers even went as far as providing a love interest for Murphy, but that falls flat as well. Even with John Landis behind the camera, the humor isn't there. The only thing that makes the film worth watching is the return of Bronson Pinchot from the original COP movie. 1 out of 5
Nothing much to write home about... Killer robots. CHECK. Screaming people. CHECK. Gore and heads blowing up. CHECK. Gratiutous sex scenes with a peek at some boobs. CHECK. Stupid dialogues. CHECK. Illogical plot-holes. CHECK. Crappy acting. CHECK. Cheesy humour. CHECK. Sounds like an enjoyable 80s horror movie to me. Nothing really memorable, as this is just basically silly fun with no wires attached. A jump back to the days, when you could make silly movies and really didn't try to do anything else or sell the project as something it isn't. As far as I'm concerned I'm content.
A nice film to look at but otherwise a real piece of trash which I avoided up till now. The characters all seem to be from different cultures & from different eras which really is jarring, particularly in the 1960s - 1970s laid-back style of Carradine. The Stein/Toklas salon is a one-dimensional embarrassment. The Hemingway portrayal is a disaster on every level. The principals on this film must have really hated him. Only John Lone & Linda Fiorentino give the film any tension or dimension. Even Genevieve Bujold, an otherwise fascinating actress, is totally wasted in this pathetically boorish Rudolph effort.
Lets be serious--it doesn't take a great director to make nazi skinheads look bad, and Pariah is a perfect example of this at work. It presents a very narrow view of racism, which connects only to a very narrow audience--those who are "in" the scene, etc. There were way too many overt plot details that could have been assumed or more subtly presented. I'd say see this if you want an exagerated, easy to digest film about nazi skinheads, but not if you want to get any new, smart, disturbing insight into the problems of racism and violence in youth subcultures.
This film is hybridized by other culture.It's colorful,but it's insipid.This film is international commodity.Maybe the producer just want to get money from Korea and Japan by using Korean and Japanese in the movie.I'm a Chinese.I found it very stupid to listen to two foreigner conversing by using their stiff Chinese.The director want to express some ideas,but I think he chose a wrong method.These kind of film just look like a copy of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.Maybe using anther way to express his idea will be impressible.In my opinion,unadorned movie is more cordial,and it is a good way to express Chinese culture.
The film is an odd- well at least odd for the mainstream- mix of drama, stock footage and evangelism. Several scenes consist of the main characters watching the televised pontifications of the producers. . .not exactly very gripping. The packaging claims that the film was 'Shot on location on six continents' and I guess that is technically correct- of course the stock footage was shot by _someone else_-- seems a little misleading for a film destined for the Christian market. The soundtrack is perhaps the one thing that saves the film, and features popular songs from top names in Christian music.
I saw the movie tonight (not by choice) and surprise surprise . it sucked! The last good film that QT made was pulp fiction. IMO - I don't think QT is a bad director, but there's no depth and not much thought to his films. all he basically does is make a film look `cool" and that's exactly what this film was! A total disappointment and no surprise there. Plus I think the guy is totally tasteless - he's a professional, he should know better than to talk trash on high-profile films just to bring attention to himself. sad sad sad!
I was looking forward to seeing this movie after seeing Jim Kelly in 'Black Belt Jones' and 'Enter the Dragon' but I was disappointed with the fact that Jim Kelly's voice was dubbed over by someone else. Nonetheless, 'Tattoo Connection' remained entertaining. The fight scenes towards the end were long and tedious at times yet at other times were trying new things by adding weapons and such. Kelly's acting was as bad as ever and shows little facial expression while the plot itself is just awful. This is the kind of movie you can't stop laughing at because it's so bad.
Whoever made the decision to cast John Wayne as the young Genghis Khan either had too much imagination or too little. I have rarely laughed so hard at a movie which was trying so hard to be serious. My favourite lines: "My heart tells me this Tartar woman is for me" and "Share the booty" (both of which have become regularly quoted catchlines among the friends who have seen this). Gather some friends, have a few drinks (or more than a few), and watch this film. You'll gasp, you'll groan, you'll wonder if the casting director and scriptwriter were legally sane.
People, don't ever bother buying, renting, or even watch this movie. I was extremely stupid to buy the DVD of this movie (believe it or not, because it cost only around US$ 3). Boy oh boy, I regret it soooo much! The moviemakers of this movie was trying to make the worst work in their lives or something. Nas' acting was horrid in this movie, luckily it only lasted for few minutes. The flaws of this movie are too much to talk about. I nominate this movie as the worst movie of 2001, maybe even for the whole history of filmmaking!
This is an awful film as far as passive but discerning viewers are concerned. Oberon, in full histrionic mother-of-Roger-Moore's-left-eyebrow mode, plays a socialite who plays blind in order to woo a contumaciously sightless nightclub pianist. Cue lots of bordering-on-domestic-violence, but acceptable at the time, altercations; and gauzy close-ups of big tears rolling down Miss Oberon's (facial) cheeks. But in its favour the film, although potentially offensive in its approach, is sumptuous enough in its production values to wallow in forgivably. Plus, of course, Barrymore's cynical world-beater routine brings back from the edge any film in which it is deployed.
Another one of the span of sorority killings during the 80's. many have come but most fall short in quality. This falls very short in quality. It's just another slice and dice teenage movies made for thrills. Once the movie starts and you get into it you begin to unravel the plot pretty quickly and then it's just a matter of time before the some teenage killings and some sex like all horror movies need to have. If you want a cheesy marathon put this somewhere near the top along with Madman, Choppin mall, The Forest, The Mad Butcher and Clownhouse.
Splatter Farm is a great film...if you are deaf and blind. This is most assuredly the most retarded film ever to be distributed with box art. We're talking production values lower than an extra value meal here, kids. Necrophilia, strange homosexual rape, and incest are not punchlines when you take them as seriously as the makers of this film. If Deliverance had been made by autistic baboons, it would be better than this. If I could have, I would have rated this movie lower than a 1, only a little nub of the first star would have been lit up. 1/10.
Warning : spoilers ahead In 5x2, OZON's daring narrative approach consists of 5 isolated moments of a failed romance, played backward. The structure is largely artificial it seems, leaving too many blanks for viewers to fill in, and I didn't manage to enter the whole story. In addition to experimental choices, I found that Marion and Gilles were, except for a few scenes, uninteresting or even despicable characters (especially Gilles, the unconsiderate, sex-driven husband). On the other hand, OZON's accurate direction, combined with soft lighting and scarcity of sound, create a unique atmosphere, like in his previous movies.
Woody Allen's cringe-inducing "September" comes across as something a film student would make if he were given the assignment of making a movie in the style of Ingmar Bergman. It's oppressive, claustrophobic and intolerably whiny, filled with unpleasant people complaining about their boring problems. Though the film is filled with good actors, like Mia Farrow, Elaine Stritch, Dianne Wiest and Denholm Elliott, none of them gel as a cast, and the pacing is repetitive. The film is a huge misfire from Allen, and thankfully it's one of the last times he dabbled in this kind of hackneyed experiment. Grade: D
I don't think I've ever felt more demoralised and disgusted watching a Bollywood flick. The AWFUL Akshay Kumar and those two other idiots make for a stomach churning viewing experience. Even the apparent comedy isn't funny. The very talented Vidya Balan was wasted on this one too. The soundtrack terrible on the whole. Worst aspect was seeing the three buffoons as camp father figures. I was hoping the movie would end when Angel's mother took the baby away from them. And I'm fed up of Bollywood movies becoming so westernised. Do a movie which actually reflects something about India!
Total utter crap! It isn't even unintentionally funny, like Independence Day. Only good thing is the special-effects in the end when the meteor strikes. Unfortunately that constitutes only about 3 minutes of the movie. The rest is just an seemingly endless stream of over-emotional "farewell, i love you"-scenes. One big tedious, cheesy soap opera about how heroic and unselfish (american) people are when facing certain annihilation. All accompanied by a never-ending symphonic orchestra. This is one of the most surprisingly crappy movies i have seen i my life. A good example on how you can't trust the ratings on this site
The story is idealess. The costumes are laughable. The set and scenery are boring. The fights are simple. The main actress is good looking, the main actor is not. But both are acting bad, together with all the other actors as well. The music is annoying. The camera-work and editing are static. Special effects are rare and unconvincing. There is no climax and the end is unspectacular. All in all, there is nothing that makes this worth your time. Only for people who really wants to know about every movie of this genre.
Fay Dunaway and Brenda Vaccaro are the only real reasons to watch this movie. Those two women steal the show. Helen Slater as Supergirl was an okay choice, but it was her first film. She's come a long way (acting wise) since then. Still, it isn't her fault. The story is trite and the action sequences are muddled with silly attempts at comedy. The romance subplot was mind-numbingly ridiculous. Even Jimmy Olsen from the Superman films (Marc McClure) had a few schmaltzy scenes. This is so-not a good movie. Enough said...
I wasnt sure what to expect from this movie because i knew it combined my favourite actor De Niro's stongest(Gangster roll) and weakest (Comedy)acting aspects in one film . Any worries i had soon were dispelled because i loved the film. Crystal and De Niro worked like a comedy duo that had been together for years. The story is of a Gangster who starts to have emotional problems and panic attacks due to the death of his father 35 years ago.The ensuing antics result in a very funny and action packed cracker of a film. Dont miss it! 9 out of 10.
This is a really fun film with story and actors that make you feel their joy and their pain. I was surprised to catch pieces of this on cable, laughing so much that I had to look up the schedule to catch the whole movie the next time it was played. It was an intelligent movie with good intercharacter relationships. I really would like to find more movies by the writer/director Stefan Schwartz, but there doesn't seem to be anything recent on IMDB. The three main actors (Dan Futterman, Stuart Townsend and Kate Beckinsale) really seemed to enjoy working together on-screen.
The psychological complex about "the end" is still in full force. But the script is more rational and integral than Intruder. The mysterious set-up is a spin-off from Lost Highway. Pic's strength is setting the action in Macao in turbulent times (thus setting it up as a metaphor of Hongkong), and giving full vent to Wai Ka-fai's pessimistic world view of inexorable doom. Yau Tat-chi shows impressive improvement with images: the confrontation in the cell, the chase at the pier and the duel in the hall of mirrors are all totally self-sufficient set pieces. A director to watch out for.
Eddie Murphy stars in Beverly Hills Cop II.I think the first one was a tad bit better than this, but not by much.I think this is a great sequel.Eddie Murphy is funny as usual and so is Judge Reinhold.It also stars Brigitte Nielson and there is even a small cameo from Chris Rock.The film has Axel Foley returning to solve another murder with the help of his two friends from the first film.I think Beverly Hills Cop II is a good sequel to a good action/comedy film and I recommend it if you enjoyed the first one. Rated R 8/10
I've played a lot of game, especially the quest types (Myst, Riven etc.) and i have to say that this one is the best. When the Curse of Monkey Island came out, i found it really good, but this one's even better. I loved the graphics, the unique (in is way) lucasarts humour, and the plot + storyline. I liked the voice of Dominic Armato as Guybrush, and all of the other characters as well. There is only one thing missing: there's no soundtrack, and the music is great. If you haven't got this game, get it now, you won't regret it.
Nowhere is an exceptional, wild and trippy ride. Like Terry Gilliam, Araki delivers a fantasy type realm intertwined with our own reality. Yet, just like reality, the movie is chock full of drama, comedy, violence, tenderness, craziness and the unexplained. With great acting and on-the-mark dialogue, as well as wonderful sets, you should enjoy ninety minutes of Dark's life as well as his platoon of friends. The sad thing, however, is that the DVD has not been released in North America. Hopefully, this will change sooner than later. VHS copies are still available and the movie has appeared on IFC.
as a high school student subjected to watch this film by an extremely intelligent teacher, im ashamed that he would choose this to show to us. it is so boring, so poorly acted, and so poorly filmed admist many a blue-screen and black and white images that don't fit in at all. now i know i sound like a teenager, but i usually like this stuff. this was horrible though. churchill annoyed me to no end and lithgow as f.d.r. was just annoying. stalin, hes a funny man. "uncle joe" "i think ill leave now" are you kidding? 1/10
I have a very hard time picking a favorite, favorite film, but if forced to create a Top 10 List, this film would be there. Yes, Liza Minnelli CAN act , and brilliantly. The songs are wonderful and funny, the narrative is brilliant and dark. Those who typically don't like musicals might enjoy this, as there are none of those cheesy "I feel a song coming on" moments - - all of the music is confined to the stage of the Kit Kat Klub. Michael York's role is often overshadowed by Minnelli's brassy Sally Bowles, but his work is equally strong. A+.
This movie showed some potential with time travel and mysterious memory loss, however the plot never really unfolds and the hospital suspense scenes feel totally forced and bland. None of the characters really develop past the basic storyline which is poor at best, although the acting is OK. Visual effects and the strange time traveling are all it has to offer.. "the I inside" tries hard to be intelligent and mysterious but is ultimately uninteresting but of course you don't find that out until the end of the movie...where you are left scratching your head and disappointed. AVOID!!!
Romantic Comedy doesn't get much better than this. A well plotted, captivating, and 21st century mature idealism of blossoming true love. A film in the same vein as Sleepless in Seattle to which this movie pays homage. Kate Hudson is simply great and more beautiful than ever. Matthew McConaughey really surprised me because he has played this role before without conviction. Also, it was fun watching both Bebe Neuwirth and Mr. "Sun Spit Morning" himself Robert Klein in their small but important "boss" roles. This wonderful chick flick (for chicks who love movies and guys who love chicks) is a real keeper.
Something akin to a soap opera, but with much steamier scenes, Carne Trémula is an entertaining look at love, lust, and revenge. I enjoyed the way Almodovar served the story, one bit at a time, allowing for all the events to culminate in a very satisfying ending. Liberto Rabal gives a fine performance and Javier Bardem (of Jamon, Jamon and Boca a Boca), delivers yet another great acting achievement. I saw this film both in the theater and on video. I found the movie much more effective in the theater. It's a great film to share with a large adult audience.
While fairly average as far as musicals go, this movie is noteworthy for me because it is the only film that features my two favorite actresses, Priscilla Lane and Ann Sheridan. While they don't have any scenes together, unfortunately, there is a scene where Priscilla looks at a picture of Ann. It's not much, but I'll take what I can get! It's too bad The Cowboy from Brooklyn does not do a good enough job in showcasing Priscilla Lane in the female lead. And Ann Sheridan is barely featured at all. I can only imagine what could have been...
If you're like me and drool like an over-hormonal teenager when that unlikely sex-symbol James Nesbitt smiles his cheeky-charming smile then you MUST go and see this film. Even if you don't, I'd highly recommend it. As with the director's previous Brit-hit `The Full Monty' this provides plenty of laughs, many colourful characters and some poignant moments. They also managed to fit a love-interest into a prison movie (hard to do and not particularly convincing but fun to watch nonetheless). Perhaps not as belly-laughingly funny as the Full Monty, but still loads of laugh-out-loud moments and an all-round enjoyable film.
This is my second favorite Christmas Carol. My first being Mr. Magoo's Christmas Carol. I loved Alastair Sims as Scrooge. I know it's on alot at Christmas but I only got a chance to see it once this year so I just ordered it online. I was not able to find it in any of my local stores. My sister-in-law loves the George C. Scott version better so we always argue about which one is best. Her version doesn't hold a candle to this one as far as I'm concerned! I loved the ghosts and the whole thing and especially his housekeeper!!
Another fine example of the accomplished French art of turning daily mundane situations into sheer genius entertainment. With the added bonus of being spoiled with one of Lambert Wilson's brilliant performances. Absolutely fantastic. Excellent script, splendid set, impeccable casting topped of with sublime camera work, lightening & soundtrack. A perfect mix of penchant humour, subtle drama & tantalising coincidences. Just plain top notch French cinema. An absolute masterpiece that qualifies as sin to miss out on. The best word to describe this movie is 'gezellig', a dutch word which unfortunately is notoriously renowned for it's inability to be translated into another language.
It's the only word i can use to describe this movie. Although I have seen this movie hundreds of times, I can not get past Andrew Knott's performance. I must admit being young the first time i saw the movie i had a huge crush on Dicken! I was just WAITING for him and mary to fall in love! I am always disappointed at the end! Anyways, I just think that Andrew Knott's performance was outstanding, he did a great job in Black Beauty as well and I am surprised that he has not been extremely successful. I have it a 10!
Brilliant film and excellent acting from Eliza Dushku! I liked her even before when I watched Tru Calling. :) She is not very famous but very charming. Her best roles are acting scary in my opinion. For the moment there are too many artificial movies full of tragedies and sci-fi... not like this one...great script...tragedy...fear...and of course Eliza Dushku. Irecommend you this film as one of the good ones...because it's original...not one of the same old FBI movies and investigations that you wish you never watched to the end. The original is always the best decision... Great MOVIE!!! ENJOY watching it!!!
I watched THE ALPHABET KILLER on Showtime last night. It is based on a true-life serial killer case in Rochester, New York. However, I'm not sure if the true events that inspired this thriller included a dogged homicide investigator who pursues a child murderer, despite suffering from schizophrenia. It's an interesting take, though. Eliza Dushku, does an incredible job playing Megan Paige, the detective, whose condition makes her believe she can see the spirits of the victims. I found her character very sympathetic; and, quite believable. Unfortunately, the movie was a bit predictable (even the "twist" seemed obvious to me).
It was Claude lelouch driving Himself ! He was driving a Mercedes http://www.axe-net.be/rdv/presentation.php He never pass 180 km/h, & was 3 inside of the car Watch the movie & see itinéraire on http://www.axe-net.be/rdv/ You will find all official information over this short movie. Who was driving, the way he used for movie. And also leave comments :d But all in French ! English Version will come soon. You will not be sad to have loose you're time watch my website ! We are not official website, but we speak about us on official lelouch website !
This movie is one of the best I have ever seen. The story line is great for any audience: kids just learning the story or adults who never wanted to grow up. Spielberg's imagination and his way of sticking close by the original story makes this film a delight to see if you ever wanted to be a lost boy in never land. Every time I watch this film I notice another superb detail and use of irony. The story ties together beautifully and is easily one of my very favorites. It makes you want a never never land of your own.
A very stylish movie that takes a lot of themes and meshes them with some success. First time director Kasten shows that he is someone to watch in the future. The performances are generally good especially Jeffrey Combs & Seth Green. I would like to see this movie again, just for the fact that I saw it as part of an all night film fest, and my brain wasn't functioning properly. I have the feeling that I might have missed some of the subtle points in the movie. But however, it kept my attention for the whole running time. 8/10
This is a Terrible movie, in almost every aspect, murky cinematography, sloppy special effects, and cheap sets, the argument it's full of gaps, flat, slow and predictable, and the direction it's Kind of ED WOOD in a LSD trip... It's a Colombian movie, and one of the main lines is: It's better to born in Colombia than be dead....Great, it's also very patriot. It's Just another movie about Colombians and drugs...from a very drugged point of view. 125 lost minutes in my life, and 125 millions of dead brain cells... don't waste your time, nor your brain by watching this...
Crime, punishment, corruption, misery, hunger, love, desperation, friendship, innocence, purity and more are what you get in this movie with three main characters and one of the best screenplays ever written. Great choice of cast. Their powerful acting not only supports the screenplay, also strengthens the acting of the amateur players. In my opinion this one may be the best movie made with the least possibilities. Stop wasting your time on Hollywood movies and take a look at what Turkish cinema can do. Highly recommended for those who think that they had enough of that same old screenplays and some sicko acting.
i think naf' said about gangster films in england.. but this is "the movie" it's amazing! it's kinda like a mix between guy richie and david lynch just without the bulls**t! it's a really brilliant! when u'll think u finally getting it.. even at the end... you'll than see once again that you wrong and this movie is even brilliant than you thought it is.. that this movie is one of the best movies i've ever saw.. i liked snatch and lsn2sb a lot! i gave them both 9 or 10.. but this one is da' best i saw in the genre
being a huge Steve Buscemi fan i was estatic to hear that he had written and directed (as well as starred in) this film and immediately went out and rented it. the movie, while low key, is well written and one of the better and more sympathetic profiles of alcoholics that i've seen in recent memory. they are given surprising depth by Buscemi's well written screenplay and the actor's portraying these drunks. if this is any indication of future movies written and directed by the multitalented Steve Buscemi, then we're in store for a lot of great movies. rating:8.5
Martin(Hache) drawed the relationship between a father (played as a giant for Federico Luppi) and his son (beautiful Juan Diego Botto). The story runs towards Madrid and Buenos Aires, mixturing perfectly the lifes of four people completely misunderstood. I love this film, because I do. But what I love the most is the dialogues. Scenes that nothing have to do with the movie shows the magistral scripters selected for it... But I´d rather prefer the original version, it´s purer than English one. Perfect directed, perfect performances, Perfect script (with a capital P). Just sit down, relax, and learn. You´ll really enjoy it.
Penny Marshall produced this? Harvey Miller, who wrote "Private Benjamin," wrote this? Lemmon, Aykroyd, Hunt, and the incomparable LILY TOMLIN agreed to work on it? Tasteless, unfunny, painful to watch. Whatever moral point they were trying to make, and whatever humor they were trying to achieve, this film just... just hurt. Hurt my eyes, and hurt the reputations of all involved. I'm embarrassed for all involved, and chagrined that I felt I had to watch to the end, to justify writing a review to warn others. Fifteen minutes would have been more than enough.
This movie is very very good. It is highly enjoyable, definitely a couples movie. David Wenham and Suzie Porter are great as the leads, they are definitely one of the only screen couples that actually had chemistry, it was amazing to see. It is very funny, and very sexy, and very Aussie, what else can you ask for in a movie? The direction in this movie is very well done, the story is good, I really loved this movie. And at times this film is better than sex! Congrats to the Producers you have yourselves a winning movie. 10/10 from me!!!
This is one of Hwang Jang Lee's first movies and it was pretty good at that. It concerns two men, played by Wong Tao and John Liu who are both after Hwang but don't realize it. The first half is standard kung fu. Things get good during the second half when John Liu, a great kicker also, and Hwang Jang Lee begin to fight. All leads to an excellent final battle between Wong Tao, John Liu, and Hwang. Hwang proves he's more than a match for the two combined. The kicking, although not as fancy as some other movies, is still impressive.
"YOU ARE TO RICH!" - THE EDUKATORS This movie is a confrontation of two generations. Without getting boring the director tried to find a new way or a new sense of 68's revolution. The result is an interesting story and of course some really funny - but still very natural - scenes. Big praise to the camera. It reflects always the right mood: hectic, calm, with distance, emotional, ... Just the actors sometimes seem to ad-lib, and the end is a friendly compromise. In the whole: A very entertaining film about Revolution, Friendship and Love! 8 of 10 points! ;-)
If you love swashbucklers, period movies, buddy movies, or Errol Flynn, you must love this movie. For swashbuckling, you have a series of wonderful fight scenes, each one convincing, each one a delight. For period movies, the costumes are excellent and the history just accurate enough to be useful, but not so accurate as to be dull. Flynn and Hale are perfectly matched foils here, with Hale getting some of the wittiest lines in the movie. And this is Flynn's perfect part, still ladykiller enough to carry off the love scenes, still fit enough to persuade as the great duellist. Watch it.
POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT! We all have to have our cheese,so why not make it good actor cheese? I'm talking Charleton Heston and Anthony Zerbe.Neville and Matthias duking it out;and L.A.is the prize!Anthony Zerbe ALWAYS does the best villains!Ironic, that a former t.v.newscaster becomes such a technophobe.It's also weird that both hero and antagonist both have a connection with the same woman.[Rosalind Cash as Lisa.]This movie may be cheese,but it does give you some things to think about.[Effects of loneliness,human inpact on the environment.]I can think of worst things to be doing on a rainy Saturday!A good,fun way to kill some spare time.
Nice try to put on screen books of my favorite author. It looks like director loves them too. Of course, events go too fast - the books are pretty thick, and the time for the TV series is strictly limited, nevertheless scenery is the good work too. Maybe characters are not quite as I think of them - Wolfe should be bigger (handsomer :)), and Archie should be a little more attractive, and Fritz little younger. Saul+Fred+Orrie are good, and Cremer is perfect. But it's the best effort of putting the books on screen I've seen. It's made with love and application.
I've never enjoyed romance as a genre, but ever since I saw this movie ages ago, I've been enamored of it. Tom Hanks is absolutely adorable (moreso than in Big, in my opinion), and although I almost always have more respect for the male than the female character in movie relationships, Daryl Hannah manages to be whimsically charming and a perfect match for Hanks. Its sweetness is unadulterated by awkwardness, unlikeable characters or cliche, as the majority of romance flicks are. All but guaranteed to reach the most hidden soft spot in almost everybody, and with enough clever wittiness for the rest.
This was a great show about a deeply insecure woman with intense emotional problems. The show catalogued a lifetime of pretence and despair and the pain she inflicted on others most notably her daughter in law. I wasn't old enough to see her shows the first time but I remember the infamous blue boiled eggs and the green mashed potatoes as well as other equally hideous food. Her treatment of the dying Johnny when she couldn't even bring herself to visit him in hospital seemed especially harsh but Fanny suffered from her own demons which seemed to torment her constantly.
There are lots of short film parodies out there, but this is unquestionably the best one I've seen. Actually, to simply call it parody doesn't do it justice. Whereas most parodies are disposable little one-joke pieces of fluff, this one is actually ABOUT something universal and profound, kind of the way "Shawshank" was. It's funny, yes but it's also very touching and very well made. Morgan Freeman's son is hilarious in that he mimics his dad in any uncanny fashion, yet brings his own style to the role. Really well directed and written, with fantastic music. See it if you can.
Oh my God! I have never seen anything like this before. The actors are the best thing about this movie - and they perform like high school kids on too much caffeine. The plot is quaint and dosn't really lead anywhere. The whole movie progresses slowly with lots of pointless chit chat and keeps feeding the viewer with questions without ever providing any answers. Big parts of the story makes no sense and seem to be there only to show off special effects - which BTW would seem outdated 15 years ago. This movie is a complete and utter waste of time!
The book (by Dodie Smith) is better. It's usually so, as it has the space to develop the characters, set the setting (as it were) and be more satisfying. But the movie for me ranks 8/10. Adaptations are always difficult, but here an harmonious compromise has been reached. The acting is not uniformly good, but each performer gives the best of itself. Particularly Tara Fitzgerald, Romola Garai, Henry Thomas and, yes, Marc Blucas(if you've only seen him on 'Buffy' you're in for a treat). All in all a wonderful, old-fashioned with the odd touch of XXIst century romantic comedy.
Highly under-rated British comedy with many memorable characterisations, not a bad script, and a wonderful feel-good factor. John Alderton is pretty much faultless as Hedges - this is fine comic acting. Especially enjoyable if you grew up in the 1970s. Standout sequence for me is when Hedges (and we) think 5c have gone to bed for the night and he heads off to the pub with Price... only to bump into his pupils there. Nicely done. Other amusing sequences also, and I can sum up the film using an expression of Dennis's (one of the characters)... "Yeah! Double NEAT!!"
A restless crowd and a cheesy double feature lead to two brutal killings at a drive-in! Detective Koch and O Leary assemble a mixed cast of suspects that would make even Charlie Chan cringe. Is it the deranged knife-thrower the foul-mouthed bigot the projectionist the janitor or the pathetic voyeur? Cold razor-sharp steel slices through warm flesh and hot blood squirts over the screen as patrons are splattered across the hoods of cars and even dismembered at the concession stand! Starring BRUCE KIMBALL ADAM LAWRENCE DOUGLAS GUDBYE and VERKINA FLOWER. Executive Producer ROCHELLE WEISBERG. Story By STU SEGALL Written By GEORGE 'BUCK.
"Marie Antoinette" is the epitome of classic Hollywood grandeur in film-making. No expense was spared in this lavish production which features sumptuous sets, intricate costumes, beautiful cinematography, and also some top-notch acting. Norma Shearer and Robert Morley give fantastic performances as the King and Queen of France, who live in luxury while their subjects starve. Norma especially draws kudos for playing a complicated part, which is definitely Oscar-worthy. Tyrone Power is also in it, although he is pretty much wasted in a rather small role. For anyone who would like to see classic films at their peak, "Marie Antoinette" is a must-see!
What starts as an action packed cut-throat jamboree overflowing with absolutely incredible atmosphere quickly becomes a stagy film with too much talking. It's not without it's humorous jabs at both the upper and lower class and although it's rather over the top, Charles Laughton's performance is almost enough to carry the film alone. There are some surprisingly dark moments (both in light and tone) particularly the opening scene and the nighttime exterior shots are simply magical. Strangely lacking in some of the more distinctive camera techniques one would expect from Hitchcock, Jamaica Inn overall is still an enjoyable watch  just slow.
How can this movie get such a low rating? It is really well made, has some very funny moments and the casting is excellent. Dennis is cute as a button and totally believable, his parents are.. well, just perfect and mr Wilson is the best mr Wilson you could wish for. The same applies to many of the smaller roles. And then there is Christopher Lloyd in one of his best performances ever. I loved this movie, both the first and second time I saw it. It deserves at least an 8, so I gave it a 9 to boost the score.
This was one of the best shows of its kind when it was running. A classic 1980's situation comedy. I cant believe it ran for that many episodes. I also cant believe that it finished that long ago. Michael J Fox really made the show, and the show was based on him, and the family he was a member of. Or though the episodes were only 30 minutes long, the comedy it provided was excellent. I hope the series can come out on DVD very soon. This series deserves to be seen by future generations.
Just want to get one point across: Watching this movie won't be one of those experiences were you waste a couple hours of your time, and come away with nothing for it. Some of the posters have brought up that the movie may have some improbable quirks, etc. The beauty of this movie is that is original and entertaining. Its not deep, exciting, or pompous; but its funny and completely different than the formulaic junk being churned out right now. If you do watch it, you'll feel you have to at least tell someone about it. That's also unusual.
Alex Kingston IS Moll Flanders. Please, forget the cotton-candy version that has Morgan Freeman in the cast (though, I _adore_ Stockard Channing). This is the real thing! We get to see the real, harsh struggles of Moll in this adaptation, and how out of the muck and grime Moll finds herself. There is no happy ending here, you can bet that, but at least you get a real story that is more appropriate to the times. That is worth much more to me than a smiling happy face, in the end. This is a real, gritty film - not cheap. Highly recommended.
I thought this film did a fine job of portraying the ugliness of the US government in the repressive McCarthy era. Goldblum is excellent in his depiction of the courage it took to stand up to this tyranny and I found it very inspirational. In particular his attempt to confront the panel during the hearings in Washington was very well handled and it made me deeply consider how I would hold up in similar circumstances. I also appreciated the tenderness and commitment the he and his wife showed to each other. A mature portrayal. I recommend it. 7 stars out of 10.
Putting aside whether or not it was funny, or had a political message behind it, or whether it is more pertinent than ever in todays political climate and the upcoming 2008 elections... It is a classic tale of love, money, and the American struggle to get ahead at all costs. The clinch for me, was the fact that the protagonist's motives were NOT motivated by any lofty political idealism or love of humanity, but entirely financial... And the unsurprising, yet nonetheless stunning, twist at the end will surely put this movie in it's rightful place in Hollywood history. - http://nickysworld.net
This film addresses serious issues without being heavy-handed or pedantic. The characters are complex individuals, the setting is authentic, the dialog is realistic, often tinged with humor. Some of the film's most charming moments are silent, with only a child's face filling the screen. The humor comes from the characters' personalities, not from contrived situations. There is not a single false note of melodrama or farce in this film. Luis Tosar gives such an understated performance that he disappears into his character. Lissete Mejia and Marilyn Torres anchor the film with nuanced, memorable performances. They are the reason to watch this film.
Porky Pig and Sylvester the Cat find themselves in a spooky house where Sylvester sees dastardly mice planning an execution, needless to say Porky doesn't believe him for much of the short.I liked this cartoon, as Slvester is a favorite character of mine and tweety isn't in this at all, I could never really stand that bird so that's another reason I liked this one. Also call me a tad morbid, but when Sylvester nonviolently tried to commit suicide I found myself laughing. This funny cartoon is on Disk 2 of the "Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 1" My Grade: B+
I'd heard from a friend that he was offended, but I didn't think this poorly shot movie was worth getting worked up about. A went with a small group of friends, (both gay and straight) and we left before it ended. As for being provocative, well, I thought it was pretty ho hum. It seems as though the writers thought that anything showing gays would stir up interest. I think the IDEA behind it had promise, but maybe with more experienced crew, it might have gone somewhere. The narrator had a great voice, though.
In a Japanese POW camp, a Scottish band of soldiers learns about a very different culture - the hard way. They also learn from the more refined and educated among them the meaning of serving each other and their enemies, to the point of self-sacrifice. The film begins rather slowly (and overly-sentimental) but becomes an incredible story with great acting and characters, powerful philosophy and imagery. Many gripping moments of self-realization, facing reality and appreciation for life and death. The depth of relationships, self-sacrifice and lessons learned leaves the audience with a lot to process. Overall, very inspiring and well-made.
Though, I did not have the pleasure of watch this movie with the sound on because it was 3am, I was able to follow along with the subtitles. I only watched about 3/4 of this movie but that was enough to blow me away!!! Not only was the idea in this movie unique, but it had lots of great action. Not really that gory though. The best part was that it was pretty hilarious. There is pretty much swearing in this movie, but it's mostly not directed at people. This is a great movie...You should really go see it!!!
It's wonderful to see family movies coming into the light recently. Jerry Jenkins has done an amazing job of producing a film that has all the elements that a big Hollywood film has. Hometown Legend will make you laugh, it will bring tears to your eyes, and you'll find yourself cheering! The actors were superb, especially the very talented Terry O'Quinn. Even though the storyline is not unique, Mr. Anderson has brought a fresh approach to the film. Hollywood has been forced to change their idea of entertainment recently, hopefully they will learn from Mr. Jenkins and produce more family oriented films.
The sweetest movie I've seen all year, full of funny cultural misunderstandings and whiffs of the foreigner experience. Amazing performances by Indian actors, especially a certain "Auntie G" who is the "Hyacinth Bouquet"/"Hostess with the Mostess" of Bombay. The fellow who plays Puri charms as consummate straight man to cross-cultural business humor. Loved that the company's products are American patriotic crapola, and that they still mean something to the striving foreign vendors. Much poetic poignancy between the laughs in this film. Josh Hamilton's character's evolution is believable and rewarding, reflecting a journey many more Americans need to take. Don't miss this trip!
I love Drive. It's one of the best American Martial Arts films of the past decade (not saying much, I know), being one of the first films to mix Hong Kong-style action with an American film. Mark Dacascos' work is top-notch, and he and Kadeem Hardison play well off each other. Brittany Murphy nearly steals the show as an ever-so-slightly deranged (but not quite Bates-deranged) motel owner, and John Pyper-Ferguson makes a good villain. Whilst definitely a no-brainer, Drive is slick, funny, and bursting at the seams with ridiculously complicated action choreography. Tongue-in-cheek always beats po-faced seriousness for action films.
A modest but quite competently done spy-thriller set in 1939 France. The plot-line is strongly reminiscent of 1930s British drawing room detective thrillers - you expect Hercule Poirot to reveal himself at any moment. James Mason is an Austrian refugee from the Nazis who is accused of spying and then used as a decoy by the French authorities to flush out the real spy, who turns out to be Herbert Lom playing his usual sinister baddie. Mason and Lom turn in their usual workmanlike performances and give the whole thing credibility, winding up to a rousing finale in the best Hitchcock tradition.
An awful film. Usual plot, usual characters, but fewer of them. The stars have aged somewhat, except perhaps Patrick Duffy who still looks almost as well as his days in "the man from Atlantis". Many scenes make the film laughable, such as the shoot out with the rustlers. J.R. is up to his usual tricks but doesn't quite have the meanness of the old days. This might as well have been just another episode in the Dallas series. If you like laughing at B class movies, or you are a Dallas die-hard, then this is a film for you! My vote: 2.
I cannot give this family film a higher rating. Best viewed in racially mixed company, although certainly having homosexuals, African-Americans, or those of the Jewish faith would be preferable. On the flip side, there is the possibility someone in the room may become deeply offended, at which point they should leave and never return. At least for the next 10 minutes. Underlying themes, including the difficulties of being probably the only member of a minority in history, can be difficult to spot but with a keen eye these subtleties can be unmasked, leading to a fantastic theatrical experience. HIGHEST RATING POSSIBLE.
The original film made in 1981, The Howling had so much going for it that it was a great film. This entry tried to repeat with almost the same plot, different names and professions and a different outcome but it had nothing that makes it worthwhile to watch again. No humor and no sense in having the lead woman playing a writer instead of a TV reporter being helped by a dead nun? The one cute character had a very small role, the family poodle that dead. This one must be real bad if I liked the dog better than the people!
First and foremost: how can "part 4" of anything be an "original"? This is actually closer to the book that Gary Brandner wrote that was the basis for the first movie, but being close to the book doesn't make this movie any good. A real sleeping pill about a woman recovering from a trauma, sent to a wilderness retreat, finding that nearly everyone there is a werewolf. Nothing happens in this entire movie, just a lot of yawning from the audience ... This looks like it could have been a TV movie ... 1/2 a star out of ****
With all the fanfare surrounding this low-budget indie, I guess I was expecting a bit more than a series of disjointed scenes and poorly exposed cinematography. The film opens with great promise showing a well-executed battle scene interspersed with text explaining the political landscape of the mid-1600 but then rapidly goes downhill with below average technical production. There's no drama or tension to speak of. I've seen much better historical "documentaries" when I was in grammar school. A valiant effort but it doesn't hold a candle against other indie films of the period. A '4' in my book, and that's being generous.
Tight, driven little peice of "film noir" with MacMurray as a good cop driven to distraction (and murder) by the gangester moll (Novak, in her film debut, somewhat more effective than usual) he's been assigned to spy on. Malone fills in for a charming bit as the girl-next-door who MacMurray's sidekick falls for. Typically, a mistake is made by the criminals, and they will pay for it, but they're having fun along the way. Some confusion in the script seems to have resulted in Novak's character turning somewhat sympathetic towards the ending, sounding a disingenuous note. Still, good solid bit of film.
My expectations were pretty low (talking Death Valley low here) before I saw this movie and I'm thankful of it. Yes, it is a mindless copy of Predator / Alien series / <insert favorite B-sci-fi movie cliche here> all together and yes both the acting and script were pretty atrocious and comical. Code Red borrows way too many scenes (and characters) from the aforementioned titles for it to be distinguished as a movie. A scene or two is fine (sort of), but to recycle everything just makes it plain obvious you had no idea what the heck you were doing. 2/10
It's a harmless, little romantic comedy that entertains and delights me. I watch it every time it's on TV. Demi's character conveys mystery and innocence...and the blonde hair is most suitable to that end. Plus it foreshadows (spoiler) that Jeff Daniels (also blond) and she are meant for each other. The gay parts are subtle and sweet...I take no offense at all and am surprised that others do. I no longer expect perfection in any movie. Having said that, if you just want to be entertained and need a break from violence, cursing, and nudity....give this movie a try.
A disgrace trying to be a mirror of the L.A.P.D. A few aging stars coasting through a terrible script. Dirty cops wanting to turn against other dirty cops. Cops that don't want to be cops. Unrealistic, over-kill on the gun fire. Front line cast is made up of: Dennis Hopper, Michael Madsen, Marc Singer and Charles Durning. A glimmer of promise from Kiara Hunter, Carolyn Dunn and Brenda Campbell. This movie can serve as background noise while passing around the party dip and refilling the cold refreshments. I guess there is no law for bad acting. Even the simulated sex is terrible.
AQUANOIDS with Eric Spudic www.ericspudic.com "Killers Of The Sci-Fi Sea, With gore & more That's a good movie."Lara Nativo is a really nice Scream Queen©.There is a lot of footage of Catalina Island,Kind of a travelogue for Gorehounds.There is some political stuff because of the tourism problem with so many deaths,Didn't we learn from the JAWS movie that danger BRINGS tourists.The AQUANOIDS(monsters) look like the Sleestak from TVland's LAND OF THE LOST.I liked the movie.Great fight scene between man and woman.The casting seems from a Soap Opera employment agency.Some of the acting seemed forced and other times roles could have been themselves.
« J'en suis » is without a doubt one the crappiest movies ever been made in Quebec (and, believe me, i've seen a lot of bad movies in my life). Even without mentioning the fact that it's full of the worst cliches on gays as well as on artists or on anything else it despicts, the plot is lousy, the situations are ridiculous (not in an intended way) and the dialogs are simply atrocious. Avoid losing two hours of your short lives on this deliberately low aiming piece of junk; go take a walk instead, you'll feel healthier and, above all, smarter...
I personally thought this film was good. 7 out of 10. I thought the acting was very good. But I have to admit the plot was interesting. Unusual. Different. But that is why I liked it. It wasn't like every other gangsta, mob, shoot 'em and kill 'em film I'd seen. There wasn't 60 minutes of blood and gore. Which I am glad about: there is too much in this industry anyway. So if you want a movie that is a little different. And maybe even a bit unusual, go to your local video store and rent Gun Shy.
This is like a school video project and a propaganda film that puts the whole class as well as the teacher to sleep. Utterly boring long silent(yes, silent) strings of unrelated video clips. Instead of this movie watch the paint dry or the grass grow- it will be more interesting unless you enjoy seeing Arabs being malicious to everyone around them. Sulieman (the Director) should be embarrassed of this lame waste of film. It deserves a one for the movie quality, a zero for the ridiculous propaganda message and a negative number for the script (or lack thereof.)
Instead of creating an interesting in-depth documentary on the PMRC hearings the brains down at VH1 thought a made-for-tv comedy would be more interesting. Unfortunatly this ill conceived movie comes off as cartoonish, insulting and one-sided. The characterization is pretty ridiculous too, all the rock stars come off looking like lunatics and all the PMRC women come off looking like fascist whores! On the plus side, the actors were all fairly convincing in their roles, with the exception of Dee Snider who cant even convincingly play himself. Skip it! Hopefully a real documentary on the PMRC hearings will come along.
When I first watched this short, I actually was enjoying the new footage and when I saw the reused footage, I was quite dissapointed and when I saw reused footage from another episode, I was even more dissapointed and I think this short is only worth for the first 5-6 minutes and I understand that Curly was ill during this time and I think that Curly was more sick than usual in this short although Curly seemed more healthier in the next two shorts 'Uncivil Warbirds' and 'Three TroubleDoers' although his condition went even more downhill in the two shorts after that.
Bad. Very bad. I wouldn't suggest it to my worst enemies. Through innuendo this movie basically describes America and its inhabitants as bloodthirsty and greedy. Even those who originally came from foreign countries eventually became tainted. (There are some people in this country that match that description, but not every single person) The direction of this film was also poor and it left decent actors (not the best, but what kind of talent would sign on to this project) with no chance of helping the film. Do yourself a favor and skip over this film when you are looking to rent something.
A quick Summary of this film: A Green Fish like Monster takes a liking to eating people 0n the Paradise island of Hawaii. With the low budget and poor acting the only watchable aspects about this film are the scenes showing the Wildlife and the Island. I managed to watch the whole film on my Film philosophy that it can only get better, Unfortuantly it Didn't! Why i gave it 2/10 instead of 1/10 shows the quality of films i have seen in my life time. I would say avoid but make your own mind up.... Next
I doubt it. But this one is pretty thick-headed, which sort of ruins the movie. I suppose that he's not supposed to be a street cop, but it's still inexcusable. He's on a mission for personal redemption. The only problem is that he's pretty bad at it. It seems that a lot of people find this movie to be disgusting, which suggests that they haven't watched many movies. The gross factor is actually pretty low. Other than that, the plot and production are pretty good. The music is great. Overall, you can spend 90 minutes with a worse movie.
I doubt it. But this one is pretty thick-headed, which sort of ruins the movie. I suppose that he's not supposed to be a street cop, but it's still inexcusable. He's on a mission for personal redemption. The only problem is that he's pretty bad at it. It seems that a lot of people find this movie to be disgusting, which suggests that they haven't watched many movies. The gross factor is actually pretty low. Other than that, the plot and production are pretty good. The music is great. Overall, you can spend 90 minutes with a worse movie.
This was supposed to be a horror film? Maybe it was meant to just make the audience dumber from watching it so that they would think that it was good. This movie rode on Nicole Kidman's coat tails, basically needing her fame to succeed with any type of movie-goer response. i really cannot believe that i made it past the first hour... but i have a thing against walking out on movies. the not-so-surprising twist at the end really leaves you with the feeling that you can never get the last two hours of your life back. i could have been sleeping!
With an all-star cast I would have thought it would have at least been decent, but that is not the case. The acting was horrific. They strayed from the original in so many ways that the storyline didn't even flow. You in no way felt sorry for Santa like you did in the original. Please please please don't ever let Harvey Fierstein sing again, his portrayal of the Heat Miser was torture. SPOILER**** The added boxing scene between the Miser brothers was a joke, it wasn't even entertaining. I kept hoping for it to get better, but it never did.
What the hell were the fighting scenes all about in this movie? I like the Matrix, but correct me if I'm wrong but this movie is not set in the Matrix. The fighting scenes are laughable. No gritty drama anymore. It's evident in all the movies in Hollywood now, Bollywood fight scenes where one guy flies around kicking everyone's butts with dumb moves. But apart from that the dialogue was poor, the plot paper-thin, no strong characterization. This is definitely a film which has relied on style over content. Pity there's not much style. 2 out of 10, and I'm being generous.
...you'll be praying for Satan to make an appearance. _Anything_ to make this movie at all interesting or attention-grabbing. The Touch of Satan staggers along like William Shatner on quaaludes, with huge reams of dialogue interspersed with breathy pauses as if the actors are phonetically spelling out their cue cards. Even an actor of the caliber of Robert Easton (I), as the leader of a slothful mob, can't inject any excitement into the proceedings. What might have made a decent 30-minute Twilight Zone episode (and actually in plot may have been very similar to a couple) is padded out to unbearable lengths.
If you don't want to lose your time don't watch this movie, I can really say it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This story is supposed to be funny but it is not, not even because of the bad language used that is supposed to be funny you can really laugh. The only good thing are two of the actresses that are beautiful, but just that. I thing there are great Mexican movies but this one cannot be included between them, If you are looking for good Mexican movies look at Amores Perros for example.
Take a bratty teenager who whines constantly about everything and her slightly younger sister, their mother dying from breast cancer (every stage spelt out in far too much detail... and a guy who takes this lot on (poor guy!) Basically, this movie reads like a third-rate trashy novel and is overly long to boot. It has no particular direction and meanders hither to thither with no perceivable destination. And when it's all finally over... all you seem to have done is wasted 2 hours of your life... ...and then the bad cover of "Every Breath You Takes" starts up. Yeuk!
I came away from this show feeling bored and empty. B5 is in the creators own words about the human condition. Apart from the beginning scene where Lyta talks about arrogance it is just another junk sci-fi movie. Maybe if you're a fan of the usual stuff that gets trundled out in the sci-fi genre you may like this. Movies about monsters from other dimensions. However, I liked B5 for its emotional turmoil and because I came to admire the characters. This show has it's moments for the fans but mostly its a let down for the B5 series.
it's dated but a reasonably good plot. Particularly the first of the 3 episodes is dated and the SFXs are really not good. If you can see past it then it's OK. The age is not the only excuse as 2001 Space Ody is older and better (re SFX). the acting is generally not brilliant but passable. I suppose i liked it a bit but having to watch it for so long spoilt the enjoyment. It probably is debatable whether it is spending money to buy this! It probably could be condensed into a great movie now
This goes to Marcos Lobato. This is an answer for "insights" There is no "discuss about" in English. You must say "discuss something" or "talk about something". And this movie is only nice photography, nothing else. They pick up an exclusive amateur duet of childish pop music siblings and tried to make them stars. There are nothing but didactic for kids. Brazilian movie industry still needs a lot of improvement concerning casting !!! Anyway, the lead characters cannot be rated good actors. That's all I think. That's my opinion folks. Thats it. There's no way it's over. Good Luck!!
Although Ann-Margret is gorgeous as always, Joe Namath cannot carry a suitcase, let alone a movie. I loved him as a quarterback, ...BUT, except for his horrendous performance in NORWOOD with Glen Campbell, he just doesn't have it. Thank God, William Smith (fine actor) has plenty of scenes with Joe and Ann-Margret. A 4 out of 10. Best performance = Mr. Smith. Exchanging furtive glances, Mr. Namath and Ann simply look foolish, although there are great location shots..I believe in the Southwest. Pure exploitation but just not enough fun, skin, plot, or talent. Ann has a great hairstyle though in 1970!
If, as promised, this movie was restored then the results are simply horrible. A company called National Film Museum gave this film to another company called Hypercube IIc, in New York to digitally restore the film. But, instead of a intelligent restoration what this people did was to tint every scene to red, probably with Photoshop, with disastrous results. Douglas M. Protsik music is as unremarkable as the bad restoration. His accompaniment does not enhance the images at all. In all, the available print shown on TCM is unwatchable and I had to turn off the TV set.
This movie is a pile of garbage. Dont get me wrong i like splatter, but hey, I would be nice with some kind of plot. And dialog. The guy who wrote the script should start doing something else. Why the hell does talentless people waste their and my time by producing something as s***ty as this ? The dialog is boring, and free from logic. And the characters ? The last half-hour in the building you get introduced to a lot of characters who just isn't needed. The effects and the camera were ok, all actors sucked bad. I'll give this 3/10
It could be a nice film, but it was too predictable. The script was shouting it was made for TV. It might be a true story, but at some points it seemed too much that a lot of events were put together just for the dramatical effect of them, and it came out too unrealistic. It was a good thing watching Anna Chlumsky in a more mature role, but I thought that role was tailor-made exactly for that purpose. It was also a surprize seeing the final guest star, playing himself, and in fact a reason for searching IMDb for this movie!
The senior Dumas' novel is turned into a knockoff of THE PRISONER OF ZENDA -- although as I have never read this Dumas novel, it may simply be returning the compliment. Director Karlson is not able to raise much of a performance from anyone except from Anthony Quinn, who plays his slimily villainous role with the appropriate cool aplomb. Still and all, besides the pleasures of Anthony-Quinn-watching, Karlson does manage to shoot the entire procedure with a goodly amount of visual beauty, with an MGM-style sumptuousness well displayed. Aside from these two point, however, this one is pretty much a washout.
There really is not a whole lot to say about Bring it On. My thoughts can be summed up quite quickly: lame and predictable. Bring it On is supposedly a comedy, but I simply did not find it very amusing. The only scene I found the least bit amusing was the try-out scene. I will not tell you how the movie ends, but it is extremely predictable. I have seen episodes of The Brady Bunch with more plot twists than this movie. I only recommend Bring it On if you are either a high school cheerleader or have some time to kill.
I've always enjoyed the Monkees, but this my friends,mind you is a disgrace! It makes me vomit to see how grossly inarcurate it is! Mike was Christian Scientist, what's he doing letting Philyss stay in the hospital, and who could there be two guys, not that ass, Van, and why did they hire a 5'7 Bulgarian with a minturized doughnut surgically put in his chin play Davy? The 1967 Comedy Emmy was presented by a little girl (Buffy from Family Affair), not a full grown woman, and don't get me started on Jimi Hendrix and the ending and lots of other things?
This movie isn't very good. It's boring, and not much blood for a horror film. The plot just trods along with not much happening. And I think the female vampire was so stupid. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. But, whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to cable. FINAL VERDICT: Not anywhere near as good as the first Vampire movie. You're a SUCKER if you waste your time on this.
At First it was BORING but I started to like it as they got more more into the mystery of the tape.It did need little bit more but it was GREAT! They Need more people and needed to MAke more and more of the tapes till it goes international and Racheal and Aiden has to stop it before everyone sees it. I would say go see it if you like mystery that is not that Gory,Bloody Has lots of language, and Not that Scary. either see it by yourself or with a friend. But it Was Great!
With "Trail of the Pink Panther", they portrayed Insp. Clouseau disappearing, and this time, they have a clumsy American detective (Ted Wass) look for him. Personally, I wish that they could have ended the series with "Revenge of...". After that, they butchered Peter Sellers's scenes, then replaced him, then replaced him again (Roberto Benigni probably wishes to downplay his role in "Son of..."). So, "Curse of the Pink Panther" might work once, but not after that. Just stick with the original movies. You'll be a much better person for sticking with the original movies. Did anything ever become of Ted Wass?
ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE! I just went through and sampled the movie, the actors make B-rate porn stars look like Oscar contenders. The audio sounds awful, and half the time the actors lips don't even move to produce the sound. It's blatantly obvious that they're in a sound studio reading their lines which are then haphazardly meshed with the video. I'm glad I didn't pay to see it! Not sure why anyone would rate this movie as anything other than awful, even as a softcore porn it's done a poor job. Avoid this title as it is a total waste of time.
Yet another jokey gangster film which proliferated the screens in the wake of BONNIE AND CLYDE (1967); the ragtime score, then, is clearly inspired by the recent success of THE STING (1973). It's evidently cheaply made and pretty bad overall but, I guess, harmless enough; still, virtually the only thing of interest here is the film's comic-strip look, complete with captioned descriptions during transitions. Jack Palance (another film I watched as a tribute to him - renting this one would certainly not have been a priority otherwise!) mercilessly chews the scenery as one of two warring gang bosses.
This movie is pure MST3K fodder. How they overlooked this "piece of Texas trailer-park trash" is beyond me.(Please understand that in no way am I criticizing the State of Texas, just this bucket of rancid garbage that came out of it.) Anyway, my main complaint is that this "film" tries to do too hard to live up to the basic "renegade robot on the rampage" genre. Also, it has too much of EVERYTHING. Dialogue, bad effects, movie genres, and by far the most god-awful acting since "Laserblast". My advice: only watch this if you suddenly feel the need to be depressed.
I'll totally exclude the fact that they raped the book. The book is delightful, enchanting and enthralling. The movie is the total opposite of all these things. The acting is awful on all fronts. Terrible directing from Frank Oz, terrible casting, terrible everything. I only revisited this disaster to put myself to sleep last night. There are only a few circumstances for anyone to be seeing this. Dodge at all costs unless you're curious about the book comparison or if you have a kid that you need to distract for 90 minutes or so. Horrendous adaptation, horrendous film-making.
This movie is perhaps the worst made for TV movie I've ever seen. The plot is predictable, trite, and COMPLETELY LAME. Dean Cain is his usual self, with the same facial expression for every occasion and same mannerisms as "Lois and Clark". He's a 1 character clown. Portia de Rossi was decent at best (she looks like Kate Winslet and Angelina Jolie) but the script wasn't helping her at all. The whole idea of this movie just doesn't work. The ending was so laughable, I swear I will never watch FOX again. Well, I probably will, but never again a TV movie.
I saw this movie a while ago, awaiting a good and critical movie. I´m not afraid of a little violence in movies, but in this movie it just made no sense. Random useless violence all the time. There just wasn´t any goal. Maybe the director wanted to bring this feeling to the viewers, but that could have been done in much better ways. The characters in this movie also have a complete lack of personality. The are flat characters who just commit violent stuff. A ´not so good´ movie which stands in no comparison to American History X and Romperstomper.
There really isn't much to say about this "film". It has the odd smile or chuckle moment, but on the whole it's bland, predictable and generally pretty dull. The only reason I gave it three out of ten was for the annoyingly catchy jingle (which I hope I will forget soon....please God!). Otherwise its junk. Or mostly junk, interspersed with adverts for Smirnoff Ice. The lead characters give OK performances, but they really don't have anything much to work with. Best advice: Avoid it like a dentist's appointment. Or better yet, make a dentist's appointment instead of watching it.
This movie does not know what it wants to be, is it a slapstick or romantic comedy? Michael Richards' character can't get away from the Kramer character. Is he this oddball or a serious actor? He flips back and forth between the two. And in the courtroom, one second, he is fooling everyone with his acting, then the next, he becomes a complete dimwit w/o the ability to improvise through anything. I'm not sure why the prosecutor would even phrase so many arguments so that it would be constantly objected, given that she has all the legal training.
Well, I'm sure within seven days I'll forget the fact that I've even seen this film. The actors are awful (even Dylan Walsh), the script is written by primary school students, the action scenes and visual effects are laughable (with extensive use of stock footages) and yes, the story. I don't see any single point in the whole storyline that has a minute trace of originality. There are numerous clichés and predicted sequences. The film would be worth watching if there could be some Erica Eleniak nudity... seriously. Otherwise I don't see why one should watch this type of films anymore.
"If you like this title, we also recommend... Boa vs. Python (2004) (TV)." There's really not much more to say other than that, but I'll try: Imagine being strapped to a chair while every stupid person who has ever irritated you, wasted your time, or otherwise caused you grief pokes you repeatedly in the face with a rolled-up copy of the National Enquirer while explaining the plot of Jason and the Argonauts to you using no words that contain more than two syllables. That's how much fun you will probably have watching this movie. Cue next anonymous hyperbolic scathing.
Andrew Bergman wrote and directed this very dry comedy about the fear of marriage. Alter-shy Nicolas Cage, in Las Vegas ostensibly to marry girlfriend Sarah Jessica Parker, instead winds up in winner-take-all poker game with wealthy James Caan, a slick gambler who eventually wins the hand of Cage's lady. Nutty comedy relies on stray eccentricities to put it over, but aside from the three leads, nothing about this scenario is very interesting. Cage--encouraged to overact--mugs for laughs, while the finale (with the flying Elvis-impersonators) was used as the film's sole advertising gimmick. Bergman isn't desperate, he's just relentlessly uninventive. *1/2 from ****
I can't find anything good to say about this movie. The acting is poor; the plot seems to have a mind of its own (like a 2-year-old's); the fighting scenes are some of the worst I've ever seen in a movie. They're so unrealistic, it's more like watching a cartoon. Dennis Rodman does seem to try, sometimes. Most of the time, he's just trying, unsuccessfully, to be cool. Half of the characters in this thing seem to be there for comic relief. Seriously, half of them. It's that stupid. Don't pay money to see this movie. And don't EVEN consider buying it.
Released in August of 2002, the Touch cannot receive good comment from critics and audience. Although Peter Pau got his first Oscar for wonderful cinematography, his direction skill is not ripe enough. We've got great views from the adventure movie, but a common story and terrible effects. The story has a few logical problems and the fighting need more edition, although I understand Michelle had practiced hard for her own film. It is also odd to Asian audience that all the Chinese in this movie speak fluent English. It could be quite entertaining, but please don't treat your dear audience as fools.
A 3-D short with some annoying narrator going into a haunted house and meeting Frankenstein (twice), a witch, a skeleton, an archer, an Indian and assorted other "madmen". The movie is constantly throwing things at you for the effect--but it's pointless if u see it in 2-D (like I did). It is interesting to see they had 3-D technology back in 1941 but this short is just silly. And narrator Pete Smith is SO annoying. Worth a look just for its curiosity value. I really wish TCM could show this in 3-D but they can't. A 3.
Okay first of all this is just like Dr. Strangelove and even more like Fail Safe. Both better than By Dawns Early Light. Several things would have never really happened. If space command ever detected missiles they would launch the bombers for survivability so they would have never been caught on the ground. The president would not have been allowed to stay at the white house for a minute. The Russian president would not have used the old teletype comunications system. They have a new computerized version. That's all I have to say. It was the worst movie I have ever seen.
It wasn't a bad film. Not by any means. It was very well crafted, beautifully filmed, and managed to impart a powerful mood with artistry and precision. Now, I'm not a lightweight about slow-moving films. But after an hour of this film I was about to chew my own leg off to try and escape. You reach this point where you see the female lead step on one end of a LOOONG escalator, and you think to yourself, "I'm going to have to watch her go the length of that whole damn escalator, aren't I?" And yes, yes, you do.
Look I don't wanna say much about this movie..... Its great,Bachchan is superb....But it is a complete ripoff of Brian De Palma's Scarface....Just check out both and then tell me of there's difference.. A group of bandits are in a village.They kill Bachchcan's father and almost rape his mother. Swearin revenge he starts assassinating the bandits which his mother disapproves. Meanwhile he begins a relationship with a nurse and his sister with Bachchan's bodyguard... I know it doesn't sound same but first see Scarface and tell me if there is a difference.. But its a great movie and Bachchan's performance is awesome.
I don't know why this film picks up 2 these 2 Asian actresses to play the most important roles? because they are Asian looking? Because of low budget? Or may be the producer doesn't care what a real Chinese looks like. Frankly, i don't finish this movie. but If there is something positive to say, it's the Veronica Sywak. She looks very pretty, and did a good job in the movie. Well, this film is made for people, who cannot distinguish Asian countries. I suggest the people who interest in the topic - human traffic, to see the film Trade.
I saw this film years ago, when it first came out at the cinema. Even after the first 10 minutes I found myself laughing at the apparently serious film. The special effects were bad - with the exception of a computer generated sequence at the end of the film, and the melting plasticine woman was good too...hmm. The low budget was especially visible when a Microsoft® Natual Keyboard is seen in the film, obviously a high-tech computer would need one. If you have nothing better to do and love anything sci-fi then watch it - you might get a laugh out of it.
The movie is really good due to Ajith's excellent performance in the role of a man with feminine character. Since most part of the movie is shot when Ajith was during the period of reducing his weight, his looks are not same throughout the movie. This is really intriguing in the flow of the narration. K.S.Ravikumar is in his usual stuff taking the plot of prostitution for the romance of the lead pair. A.R.Rahman's songs are hummable and good to watch.Overall Ajith's performance raises this movie and it lived to its expectation and the long wait was worth.
i enjoyed this movie.it has suspense,action,drama,and decent acting.it has a pretty dark tone to it,which i liked.while it have the same high octane adrenaline rush of "Joy Ride" which also starred Leelee Sobieski and also came out the same year,it's still pretty good in its own right.there's more of a slow build up to tension in this movie.i also think this movie demands a bit mote of its actors,especially for the the quiet dramatic moments.the cast acquit themselves fairly well here.the movie is fairly well written,though not wholly original(but there are some original elements to it)for me "The Glass House" is an 8/10
Interesting that when this show was made, it was two years before the Supreme Court Ruling June, 1963 Madyln Murray vs. whichever school district that eliminated prayer in public schools. (This is NOT intended to be an argument for or against the ruling). The United States has moved toward what this story is all about in the last 40 years. George Orwell would have loved Rod Serling. Watching this gave me the willies. How much has changed and it makes me wonder if the United States will move toward what Serling predicted. I think it will.
This Final Fantasy is one of the best to date. Great summons, amazing cinemas and the best storyline of any video game and alot of movies lately. The relationship between the characters is just amazing and streches throughout the game learning more and more about their past until, in the end, it all comes together perfectly. But the best part has to be the connection between Renoa and Squall. The emotions of the two are clear but watching them to see what happens next is the best part. And the games theme song Eyes On Me will bring a tear to your eye.
This is a very nice Chinesse movie about two sexy sisters who work as assassins.After an exciting hit in the first scene,they become a target for an army of criminals.In the same time,a police woman starts suspecting them.There is a plot twist in the middle, so your attention will be hold until the end.The action sequences are well-made and sometime pretty bloody.The three leading ladies are good and their relationship is interesting and original(something between rivalry, friendship and sexual attraction).A very enjoyable ride, "So close" definitely worth a view,both from the fans of traditional Assian movies or from those who like western productions.
This movie stunned me when I first saw it, so I went and saw it again two days later. It's so beautiful, and it gives me so much to think and wonder about. I'm still thinking about it. I want to go and see it again. I may or may not do that. I realise that the reason I want to see it again is that it inspires a deep yearning in me for depth and beauty and purity and truth and love. Seeing it again will not satisfy this longing, but it will remind me that I have it. And that's good.
This film is quite simply the best thing I have seen for a very long time. A seemingly straightforward morality tale of revenge and retribution, it builds to a climax that will hold you fixed in place and squirming as the conclusion unfolds. There are violent moments in the film, but life is sometimes violent, and what you see is never glamorized or fetishized - it is simply the way it is. I heartily recommend this film to anyone who is sick of big budget Hollywood nonsense and longs for a simple story, well told and superbly acted. 10/10
"Official Denial" easily overcomes it's budget constrained special effects with a fast moving, highly intelligent script. The film covers a lot of scientific speculation regarding U.F.O.s, alien cover ups, and alien abductions. Because interest is generated by what's being said, rather than what's being seen, the low grade visuals are not a problem at all. The entire production is very positive, and acted with enthusiasm not seen in many "blockbuster" movies. Overall a very entertaining and thought provoking film, that will reward multiple viewings. I highly recommend "Official Denial". The VHS is not easy to find, but well worth seeking out. - MERK
It's funny to see the difference between the viewers from foreign countries and Germany. I guess, the problem is, the jokes used in that film are really old and pretty used for us Germans, because Otto Waalkes used them since the beginning of his career. That's why I think this is a completely superfluous film. The only good joke is Helge Schneider as "Gandalf". I'm very sad about this film, because there are a lot of great comedians, but they all played only there Stand-Up-Roles... absolutely disappointing... The only reason I give one star is: I can't give none...
I love Randolph Mantooth. What a HUNK! I have the show on DVD. :-) I Love the show :-) I love to watch the show over and over and over again. It is the best show I have ever seen. :-) I wish they would put the show back on TV. I highly recommend the show to everyone. I have never enjoyed a show soooooo much. I have had a crush on Randolph Mantooth since I was a teenager. :-) I would love to meet Randolph Mantooth in person. :-) I give this show an A+ EMERGENCY RULES!!! :-)
I caught this film this past week at a film festival, and was very happy I did. The film is both well directed, and well acted. It's not edge of your seat entertainment, nor do I imagine it was intended to be. But what it is, is a very effective, believable and absorbing character study that's both technically superb and believable in its execution. Though he might not look like a conventionally leading man, Gabriel Marantz more than carries the film. He portrayal of the lead character is both believable, and rife with pathos. Solid film and I highly recommend it.
I saw this movie at NY New Directors/New Films. Was skeptic at the beginning. I haven't seeing "Saturday", another movie by Matías Bize. The plot is simple. Two strangers having sex in the motel. They introduce themselves only afterwords. They start talking, telling truth and lies. Slowly they start revealing their true past. As one can notice they start flirting and seducing each other. When spiritual connections between two of them establish viewer realized that under different circumstances it would be a happy couple. However they will go their own ways... Excellent dialogs. Way above ordinary play of Blanca Lewin and Gonzalo Valenzuela
This is the sad story of the Donnely brothers. They want to be accepted by their peers but they can't because of bourgeois prejudices. The local rich kids use their parents' money to convert a deserted warehouse into a club. The boys want to help out, but their poor single father can't spare any money. So the boys offer to work at the club. They even throw out a troublemaker to show their good intentions. However, the rich kids don't want them around. The boys are expelled from the club, teased about their clothes and hair, ostracised from the community and even assaulted.
What did I just watch?..... I have no idea what I just just endured but it was not the Neverending Story. That was.... I'm not sure i can put into words but here goes nothing... The acting was absolutely terrible... like something from a junior high theatre production. The movie seemed to drag on for days on end. This may possibly be the worst movie EVER created. This movie, if you can call it that, made me want to die. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE! Save yourself from the utter brain cell annihilation that is this movie.
At first glance "I Love to Singa" looks like it will be just another cute and fuzzy animal cartoon. However, it develops into a wonderful parody of Al Jolson. The story centers on a young, jazz-singing owl who was born into a family who is less than thrilled with jazz music. The scene in which the little owl butchers the song his parents want him to sing is hilarious. Whenever his mother isn't listening, he injects part of his song, 'I Love to Singa.' This short is loads of fun, but be warned...you'll have the theme song ringing in your head for days.
One of the best comedies. It shows very interesting people: gangsters, but from an other side, they are shown from the man within them. The story is simple, but good enough to hold the characters, which are one of the most interesting ones, I've ever saw. The dark pictures, the music, everything makes this movie to be satiric and funny together. The story follows the main character, who is stupid enough to get with "gangsters", he has nothing to do with them, expect that they have something with him. Everybody like to save/kill him, but these people have bigger problems with themself.
This movie was hands down the worst I have seen from director Joel Schumacher. I actually really like some of his films but was surprised (in a bad way) of this one. The characters don't develop throughout the movie and the Plot was just infantile. Dialogue was too simple and the occasional German did not fit in with the movie nor with the characters. For the horror fans out there, I would recommend you see Night of the Living Dead (1990). Plotwise similar but much more original. And if you want some Nazi bad guy story just watch Indiana Jones.
i have not seen this film for over 40 years, at least. i loved it then and long to see if my memories of it have held up over the years. the main character was sleeping off a drunk in the jail house when the indians attack and left him the sole survivor. his journey has him meet the female lead, for a person of my age there was some "mushy stuff" but there was a few scenes that were erotic and may even hold up, today. if there is any way to see this film again, i am waiting to find out.
This is the supposed story of one of the most famous characters in auto-racing from his childhood in the early part of the last century to the his death in 1988. The film seems to have been shot in English with Italian and American actors. Having seen a number of films starring Sergio Castellitto, I was expecting this to be an in-depth study of an interesting and conflicted person. Instead I was treated to embarrassingly bad dialog and clichéd situations. This must be the worst film Castellitto has ever done and certainly the worst film I have seen in many years.
Captivating and hypnotic portrayals by Tilda Swinton and Amber Tamblyn Magnetic acting by Timothy Hutton, Denis O'Hare, and Melissa Leo, who receive excruciatingly minimal screen time portraying crucial characters Spellbinding cinematography and imagery and allusions Painstakingly realistic situations, events, conversations, human interactions A film about how people interact and communicate with each other in difficult situations that will change their lives forever...how missed opportunities of communication permanently transform the lives of people...how treasured events in women's lives - loss of virginity and pregnancy - are seemingly always subverted and mistreated and degraded by lack of clear communication...
The Simpsons: Road Rage is a quite good game. It has some flaws, but redeeming qualities as well. Characters- Bart, Homer, Marge, Lisa, the whole enchilada of characters from classic animated show The Simpsons Plot- Basically Crazy Taxi, Simpsons style. Animation- Good for 2001, not that special looking for today's standards. Sound- Average. Not bad, not good. If you like The Simpsons and/or Crazy Taxi, definitely play this game. You will most certainly like it. Otherwise, give it a whirl if you can find it cheap, but other than that don't play it. 8.5/10 or: B
fine film, situations are very much a part of many peoples lives. entertaining storyline, filled with real life situations. who among us hasn't suffered from feeling second best. a good reflection of many peoples feelings and insecurities. good casting and well directed film. film takes you through a full range of emotions, laughter, angst, it's all there. acting is very good. scene locations are excellent. constantly reminded of personal situations that are similar to film. if you have ever felt second best, you will enjoy the film. and who hasn't felt that at some point. it makes a common human condition very entertaining.
Derailroaded might be about music, but Wild Man Fischer isn't particularly musical in any conventional sense. More of an outsider artist, or maybe just an exploited freakshow, suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and creating during his manic peaks. This is more a study of mental illness than anything else, and we see Fischer beginning to treat the film crew as he has finally treated everyone who has tried to help him in the past. Notable scenes include a re-enactment of an interview between Dr. Demento & Frank Zappa, done with puppets, in which each reveals to the other just how beyond-the-pale crazy Fischer is.
I gave this film a 2 only because it did have potential with Tim Conway and Don Knotts in it. The effort shown by these two was admirable, considering the lousy script(written partly by Mr. Conway) and pacing of scenes. It just doesn't move as a movie like this should. While I consider Conway a good tv comedian, only Knotts ever showed potential for the big screen after leaving the Andy Griffith show. It is sad that this film didn't work out better. Oh well, both performers have earned a place in entertainment history-let them not be judged by this turkey. MM
One of the main points that Barrie stresses in his "Peter Pan" is that childhood is a special time, but eventually there comes a time when everyone (except for Peter Pan) has to stop being a child and assume the responsibilities of adulthood. At the end of Barrie's play, Wendy cannot return to Neverland, even though she would like to, because Neverland is reserved for children. This film is typical of the selfishness of many in the "Boomer" generation. They steal the specialness of childhood from their children by refusing to give it up themselves. Barrie would have hated this abomination.
This is a colossal waste of the talent of actors like Keitel, Nastassja Kinski, Carl Lee and Russo. The "revolutionaries" are portrayed as birdbrained automatons. The dialogue is embarrassing. Nureyev is positively wooden. Kinski does a ridiculous dance, made choppy by pathetic editing. If memory serves, the direction was so bad that during a silly car chase the pursued and pursuers are actually passed by a Parisian taxi in a traffic circle. That has to be a metaphor for the entire travesty. The movie would be gauged as sophomoric compared to the worst efforts of high school film classes.
Despite what others think, this film is one of the better shark movies in years, it has a good developing storyline, and a couple of likable characters, and at least the megalodon doesn't consist of discovery channel stock footage, like in that other pile of junk called shark attack 3, the film's CGI is acceptable and the cast does a great job with their performances, the storyline is slow moving but not boring in the slightest. Final verdict, its a decent shark movie with great CGI effects, great storyline and a great cast, you won't be disappointed. 7 out of 10.
If you (as I do) rate films & plays by how much after-show interesting conversation they provoke, then this film is at the top. Go with at least one other person and leave time afterwards to discuss: How far over the sanity line is she, or is she? Is he or isn't he? Did he or didn't he? How much of what her mother-in-law talls her is true? What does she believe and when does she believe it? What are her choices about what to believe, and what are the implications of each choice. Is she capable of making a choice?
This was one of my favortie movies as a kid. It used to scare the crap outta me when I was young, and even though its not that scary now I still love it. There is a somewhat good amount of gore and violence, and the creatures look great for a low-budget flick, even though they do sound a little bit like elephants when they scream. I heard that this is actually a sequel to amovie called "Scared to death", which I haven't seen... yet. Anyway, Syngenor is out of print, but if you find it, pick it up. You won't regret it.
Well, let me just get this out of the way -- I sure as hell hope I can look half as great at "40-something" as Susan does in this film! I actually tuned in because of James Spader... having just seen him in "Secretary" renewed my curiosity. I thought it was a very good movie, a classic example of money and a big house (and the "perfect" wife) not always bringing happiness. Mostly a feel good but definitely not just fluff -- wondered if I would find those two believable as a couple and ended up thinking they were a great match... Enjoy!
Josef Fares had a success (in Sweden) making "Jalla, Jalla!". That film was a little overestimated, but it put some humour into the immigration questions in Sweden, although still being serious. "Kopps" is mostly childish, telling the story about the village police station getting closed and the local policemen trying to make crime statistics much worse than in reality. Sometimes it's embarrassing, including gags on the level of some 15-year-old director. They say Hollywood has bought the script and probably this can be done much better there. Josef Fares seems to have had a much too easy ride after "Jalla, Jalla!"
This movie wastes the talents of Sterling Hayden (who obviously made this movie to fund his famous off-screen pursuits) and Ted de Corsia, who was a great Western villain. A movie about two bank robbers who escape, but one Reno, played by de Corsia, betrays and shoots Hayden's character. Hayden's character is rescued, recovers, and seeks vengeance. It was cheaply made in the coastal California area, and has beautiful scenery, but the script is horrible, and wastes the talents of everyone involved, including Lee Van Cleef, who is an additionally villain. This is a grade-Z Western. Don't watch unless you want a laugh.
Set Two contains the following episodes: "A Delicate Balance," "Childsplay," "Stolen Lives," "Burning Bridges," Secrecy," and "In Arcadia." Perhaps another fan can tell us which episodes to look for, to hope for the DVD release of. My wife and I are enjoying all three sets so much. I was able to read Russell Baker's script of his introductions to series two on the Masterpiece Theatre website. Can anyone suggest where I might find more material on "Doctor Finlay"? I'd love to see a website devoted to "Doctor Finlay" as good as the one for "Foyle's War."
i really enjoyed this film - the character are all great and the premise is good. the shooting style suited the subject matter very well. rud was great! many belly laughs. the dogma 95 manifesto has produced several films (not all approved) and while i don't entirely "get" the reason for a manifesto i applaud the 3 legit films i have seen. this one is not as dark as celebration or as distressing as the idiots, but they all still seem to run in a similar vein. possibly something to do with the sense of irony and humour. try to catch this one.
I never was into the 'singles scene' nevertheless I was impressed with the realism depicted in this film. its strongest point is its unpredictability, just like real life. the lovemaking scenes are important but secondary, fully consistent with the realism in the rest of the film. romance for 20 and 30 something singles is a veritable minefield and not getting any better. if you want insight into the sacrifices and rewards necessary to survive, starting with genuine loyalty topped off with a huge dollop of FORGIVENESS then watch this film. and a happy ending to boot. likewise, very plausible.
This mini series was awesome! Kudos to the writer/writers! I really liked it, but I only saw the first & second nights. I desperately need to see the final episode. Please air it again! Is there any plans to sell it on DVD or is it available online? If it was on Pay-per-view, I would order it! Does he find all the objects? Does bad follow the people the items come in contact with? Are there any similar series/shows coming up in the future? I miss the series like Sliders, Twilight Zone...There can never be enough Sci-Fi shows! I want more!
TV may be mostly a wasteland these days, but every once in a while, a fine original film shows up on the tube. `Dinner With Friends' is certainly in that category. It takes the viewer deeply into the relationship between two couples and within each. They were best friends until one of the marriages hits the rocks. We see each side of that split and how it affects the other couple. Initially, sides seem to be taken along gender lines, but that reverses as each member of the separating couple finds new relationships. Is it fatal to the other marriage? Watch and see.
I kept holding my breath while watching this movie. Not like being underwater or anything like that but more like kissing the love of your life or holding your own child in your arms for the first time. Like that. I had to remind myself to breathe. Twin Falls is one of the most beautiful films I've ever seen. Finely crafted to the extreme, delicately directed, with performances that absolutely broke my heart. The Polish brothers have created something truly remarkable here, and Michele Hicks, in her first film performance, is amazingly stunning and talented. Twin Falls is definitely a work of art!
The documentary style understatement used in this picture makes a welcome change from the usual encountered in other films of this type. There is some fabulous photography and very lightly and subtly sketched character portrayals. Altogether fascinating and unconventional I should think it would repay many repeated viewings. The emotion controlled as it is comes through all the more effectively.The Christmas scenes amongst the prisoners were very effective and the battle scenes conveyed confusion and small acts of heroism shining through. Who cares if they used an American ship for Graf Spee - some people are so pompous - its a superb picture.
Saying Bambi 2 is better than the original is a complete understatement. The film is perfect on every level of film making. It's an intoxicating feeling when a movie excites and enlivens us like this -- and there's a particular giddiness to be had in thinking about what movies can (but don't often) do for one's soul after imbibing such a fine vintage! Honestly, it is amazing. A must see film. Disturbing, brilliant, FANTASTIC! The film's screenplay is amazing, fantastic writing. Unpredictable. Seriously, didn't know what to expect next. The voice work, I consider, to be Oscar worthy acting! A complete masterpiece. 10/10.
Artsy crap masquerading as a gangster film, is so annoying and boring, that it is a form of punishment to watch. Lines are mumbled and in many cases inaudible, not that anything interesting is being said anyway. Unbelievable chop shop editing, meaningless redundant scenes, such as the terribly boring strip club act are repeated over and over. No characters other than Ben Gazzara's are even remotely developed. The extreme closeups and hand held camera are headache inducing. Frequent light flares into the camera lens, and overly dark night scenes only add to the ineptness of this improvised mess. Avoid at all costs........ MERK
A riveting, exciting, edge of your seat thriller that never lets up. Buoyed by a good cast, script, special effects and directing, this movie is tops in its genre, in my opinion. The only thing I wonder about is Harrison Ford's range of facial expression - he never seems to be able to get that baffled look off his face. Gary Oldman is top-notch as usual, and Glenn Close has ample opportunity to demonstrate her acting talent. If you're looking for a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat from the first moment, Air Force One is it. 8/10.
Video tapes of the series are available on interlibrary loan from Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia. As one would expect, the quality of the images after 28 years of sitting on the shelf is not good. Nonetheless, I used copies in my two-quarter course on Darwin and evolution. My course, attended by 50 retired persons from our lifelong learning institute program, gave the series rave reviews. My online search indicates that the series is also available via interlibrary loan from Idaho State University. Like many of you, I'd like to purchase DVD's of the series from Time-Life. Please contact me if DVD's become available.
No comments about this mistake yet this year? We can't let THAT much time go by and not say something negative about this bomb. If you're REALLY off kilter, you'll accept this film. Adequate gore, if you're into that sorta stuff. Some very strange characters, including some odd attempts at humor. Acting - uneven. Writing - quite unrealistic at times. Sound and lighting - typically low-budget inferior. Plot - uncomplicated: cops trying unsuccessfully to determine multi-night killings on carnival-grounds-turned-drive-in. Watch this movie only if you're attracted to things that are not quite right, and if you have an over-abundance of time and/or money.
This movie is Charles Band at his classic best. It has; living toys, midgets, a man with his face painted like a clown for absolutely no good reason, a guy with a head the size of an avocado, a female rock band in a cage (Again, for no good reason.), S&M, torture, dismemberment and did I mention that it continues Mr. Band's obessesion with living toys? Oh, I did... Sorry about that. If you love everything that is bad about Full Moon go out and buy this movie today. That's right, I said buy it. Don't waste the three bucks on the rental!
this is a fun movie. it's got some corny lines, and a few weird bits, but hey, the fx are good, the monsters are funky, and the human drama is entertaining. so shut off your brain and enjoy the ride. also, though the middle 40 minutes has no godzilla, what many people fail to mention is that it has a big ol' UFO that flies around and blows things up, plus a pretty good bunch of plot advancements. And it's all worth it to see the final battle, which quite frankly is one of the best ever. go see it now!
It's not a comedy but if you don't laugh, you will be wondering why you continued to sit through this till the very end. Errol Flynn carried this film most of the way with his usual charm but even he can't perform lazarus on such a poorly written screenplay. Peter Godfrey didn't help either. Perhaps he had fallen asleep while directing this piece. Having said that, it has a great cast of actors and actresses. Lupino is a good actress but I felt she was badly miscast in this film. What a pity though because the idea was good and it had potential.
I was quite disappointed watching this movie because in no way does it live up to the first one. It misses the atmosphere and general feeling of Candyman that made it scary. This is not such a bad movie if you can get over Donna D'Errico's cheap acting and her lopsided nipples as well as the production. There is enough gore for anyone though and I kind of liked the way the director tried to experiment with white lights to create a different atmosphere. So maybe you should see it and judge for yourself because our opinions may be very different.
I am loathe to say something this negative, but must. One of the worst movies I ever have been dragged in front of the VCR by my fiancee to watch. It is not enjoyed but endured, especially, I would think, by males - as you will see for yourself (or, I hope, not). What was Robert Duvall thinking when he agreed just to go through the motions for this dud? And Julia Roberts?? The one note of hysterical she maintains throughout is not acting. At least the scenery in Beaufort, S.C. (also the location of "Big Chill") is interesting. Overall, what a disappointment.
"Futurama" is truly one of the best television shows ever. The witty lines and many many pop culture, science, and sci-fi references are just as good as those used in the more widely known "The Simpsons", also created by Matt Groening. The show at various times has mocked all of the great Sci-Fi shows as well as the typical historic sources "The Simpsons" more often references. They pick apart practically any stereotype they see, and give us a good time in the process. For anybody that enjoys good humor who isn't very familiar with the show, check out "Futurama".
One got the feeling throughout there was nothing here but people going through the motions to collect a paycheck. There are some talented people working here (John Woo, John Travolta, Christian Slater, Samantha Mathis) and they're all decent, but they are merely working in service of a standard story, and don't do anything to elevate it above standard. It says something that the only one who makes an impression is Frank Whaley, who's not on screen that long. But it must be said that without this film doing so well, Woo wouldn't have been able to make FACE/OFF, so that's in its favor.
For those of you who have not seen the Hitchcock classic "Dial M For Murder" on which "A Perfect Murder" is based, let's just say they are two equally suspenseful films that are in many ways similar but in many more rather different. I enjoyed this film's interesting plot twists and found Paltrow's performance stunning. A lot of people don't see her as a real actress, but in this movie she turned in magnificent and convincing acting. I commend the makers of "A Perfect Murder" for playing on Hitch's 50's masterpiece, and adding their own unique touch to this heartpounding suspenser. Rating: B
Donald Duck had been mentionened as an idea since 1931 but this was his first actual appearance.I was introduced to the character mainly by the comicbooks and at a lesser extents by some great shorts as "Commando Duck".Donald is obviously the most interesting character in this short.According to comics continuity he was 14 years old.Not bad for a teen-ager.But this short introduces as to his voice actor"Clarence"Ducky"Nash.Why should Donald's speaking be almost incomprehensible?I usualy hate hearing it.Since his name is Donald a slight Scottish accent would be more acceptable.A nice short but Clarence ruins it for me.I greately preferred Scrooge's voice in Ducktales.
One of the best in adult anime, this one has it all. A taciturn, near unstoppable assassin, a rich man who want's the assassin dead (and is willing to let one of his paid killers rape his own daughter in law!), a bunch of crazed killers and a dedicated cop out to get him. Golgo 13, Duke Togo is the worlds greatest assassin, but in this, he's the hunted. Very realistic and grim, this is not for children. Watch for the scene when he shoots a guy THROUGH a skyscraper, especially for the shadows thrown by the beer sign he's under! Superb film!
Entertaining but flawed screen version of Dafoe's novel. Kingston is excellent as Flanders and the rest of the cast does well also. The claustrophobic sets and many close-in shots add to the personal (and earthy!) nature of the story. The only problem I have with the movie is the pacing (I didn't read the book, but most movies based on books seem to have this same problem). Some sequences are given too much screen time and other elements are glossed over. The "theme" is given more importance than the story, which is a shame because there are some really good things here.
I have no idea why she isn't a bigger name! I first became a fan hen she had her forum on Compuserve and was starting out. I loved this film, and the other version, but I prefer the extended cut of this version. Jennifer plays a seemingly clueless but horny girl having a torrid one night stand. Back at home she finds the date lurking. He drugs her, and ties her up. She does get free, but gets caught again, and tied up naked. Watching her struggle is one of the hottest things I have seen. What a body! You must see this!
Standing on the Pinnacle of Giants A secret domain of poets deceased, enlightens the men whose numbers increased. Assembled in class, they march with a stride, undaunted and strong with Keating aside. Passions intense, his lectures draw ears, like sheep of a flock, the Shepard of hearers. Expressions conveyed and rules provoked, the school of Welton becoming evoked. A boy with much flame who soared to the skies, accepted advice, unknowingly died. Unfortunate loss to teacher of choice, remember his words to raise your own voice. Now but a legend his message relays, be your own person and still "Seize the day!"
Saw advocate's Devil on cable in bits and pieces. due to commercial interruption when I usually change the station. but with VHS videos prices generally so low these days, tried in vain to find it for purchase, thus far. mayhap I will record it when next I find it playing. my rating is that it appears to be engrossing, well-written (yes, this is THE one from the Dershowitz novel) and well-played. Ken Olin plays the defense attorney. (he starred in 30-something). and therefore was immediately recognizable to me (for the other reviewer's comment)..all around, a seemingly worthwhile courtroom and beyond drama.
The comments on this board are all interesting and quite valid in their praise of Warren Beatty's gutsy take on American politics. However, no one's made mention that this is film is also brilliantly crafted. Beatty has made a film that balances dozens of well-etched characters in under two hours and made it move lightning fast. The story never loses focus, is wildly romantic and is the first political film that is so gorgeous to look at--it's painted in lush, primary colors that made my jaw drop open with delight. It is fantastic and should have been honored with more Academy recognition.
I just have to say that this movie SUCKS!!!!!! The storyline is stupid. The effects are bad. Bad. The 'scary' shadow looks like the spray paint you can use on the simple computer drawing program Microsoft Paint. Wow.... I don't particularly like scary movies, that's true. I was kind of nervous about seeing this, but it wasn't creepy at all!! I simply didn't believe in it for one second. Yes, the story is meant to be surreal, but it needs a certain credibility anyway! The only creepy part was actually 'hero' or whatever Vassey. Not the shadow builder or crazy man or anything.
Yeun Woo-Ping inspired movie madness. This film, especially its R2 DVD English dubbed version, is the funniest kung-fu movie I've ever had the pleasure of watching. Do not take this film seriously as it certainly doesn't. Plot revolves around an evil falsatto shaolin master who has the ability to contro his 'invincible armour' by locating his weak spot in a certain part of the body. It's simply ridiculous... One of the most amusing demonstrations of the ivincible armour includes someone jumping from the second storey of a building directly onto the stomach of a super hard dude... You must see this...
When I sat down to watch this film I thought I would be very bored. It turns out that this film is intoxicating. I couldn't stop watching it at all. Michael J. Fox does a good job in the lead role, and there are great character turns from Woody Harrelson and Bridget Fonda. The love story between Fox and Julie Warner is very funny to watch develop and their timing is classic romantic comedy. The director, Michael Caton-jones, does a great job with a typical fish-out=of-water script and the score from Carter Burwell is exceptional. I had alot of fun watching this film.
This is the one you remember from when you were growing up and watching Saturday morning "Bugs Bunny and Roadrunner" cartoons. I recently watched this cartoon a 15 years at least since I last saw it and laughed out loud at all the pranks that Bugs pulled out of his hat. I know I must have used some of these jokes when I was playing baseball as a kid. And the cameo at the end of America's perennial first lady was a hoot - and Bugs goes and lampoons her on the spot! Classic is the only word for this one.
Holy crap, this is the funniest movie ever made, and my number #3 favorite movie of all time (second to The Fellowship of the Ring and the Two Towers, of course). What a heck of a cast! Martin Short, Dennis Quaid, and Meg Ryan are some of my favorite actors/actresses. How can you watch Martin Short get drunk in Tuck's office and not laugh?! Twistin the Night Away! BABEEEE! I am gonna buy the freakin thing someday, but nobody sells it! It must be one of those hard-to-find classics. Anyone who watches Innerspace and doesn't laugh, they don't know what humor is. Ya'll.
'Ring 2' is not only much deeper than it's predecessor, it's also a scarier and ultimately better film. Rather than trying to emulate the original, Nakata & Co. opted to expand on the mythos and take it into new directions. It brilliantly explores left-over story arcs, turns previous ideas on their head and maintains ambiguity in all the right places. Naturally, this didn't sit well with many viewers...but if you keep an open mind and pay attention to detail, you'll see that everything brilliantly falls into place. See this (along with 'Ring 0') for the very best horror has to offer.
A former Apache hunter, who has lost his taste for violence, becomes embroiled in a running duel across a scorched, rugged terrain with a gang of gunrunners...all over a lousy 100 bucks...and honor...and a woman. This film reminded me somewhat of Charles Bronson's first big box office hit, "Chato's Land". The band of thugs, unlike the group chasing Chato, were up to the job of killing Valdez, but found their quarry to be more elusive than they had bargained for. Very good western, right up there with Lancaster's film of the same year, "Lawman". I still can't feature Burt as a Mexican, though.
The best Hollywood film that Hollywood never made! This has instant classic stamped all over it. A film that plays, teases and laughs both with and at it's many possible influences, not to mention itself along the way. Stunning cinematography and 'bravura' performances from the female leads, this is the perfect TV Sunday afternoon film if the world was sound instead of being the bonkers screwed up place it actually is. Unreservedly recommended to anyone and if you don't find it engaging, maybe it's yourself that needs a reassessment. Now just how does one get to see his other movies??!!!!!
The movie was not that bad, but it also was not that good either. It had its funny moments, but then again, it also had some parts where the sense-of-humor had me wincing in pain. Only one thing remained consistant throughout the entire film... the size of Dean Camroon's eyebrows!!! WOW!! Did you see how big they were? He should definatly do something about that. I heard a small child was lost in those things for two days!! Anyway, this is only a mediocare movie... so see it at your own risk. If you chose to see it, remember, BEWARE OF THE EYEBROWS!!!
Aside from being a great, dark film, with a substantial plot line and a GIANT cast (Oldman, Penn, and Harris), this is an Oldman performance not to be believed. Mr. Oldman himself has been quoted as saying that "State of Grace" is HIS favourite performance. And, as usual, he gives a performance to be equalled by none. Sean Penn is marvelous, too, and Harris portrays evil incarnate. This film should be re-evaluated, and Gary Oldman should have received the Oscar for it. His portrayal of Jackie Flannery, a wild, violent young gangster with an ethereal tender streak - is simply phenomenal.
What makes the film watchable is its placid spoof encompassed by wit. The film is essentially a documentation of two youths in their journey of life. Torn between convention and contemporary ideals, the present generation is gradually coming up with a new set of scales, one that is neither completely Indian nor global. The manner in which Dutt has addressed the feelings of immigrants, who see themselves as "second class Americans", is praiseworthy. In the two alternating stories, Dutt fabricates self-irony along with mild satire, which is voiced through the characters. Ending, though not quite happy, thrives to blend with the script.
This will always be Adam Sandler's best movie, period. While some of he humor was really dated and sappy, the overall context made this a hilarious look at what pop culture used to be. Sandler and Drew Barrymore have consistently displayed incompetent moments of acting in their careers, they both had a sensibility which seemed real and beside themselves. I especially loved all of the bad 80s references, which added some reality to what a call a biopic of the 1980s (which also proves to be one the most turbulent decades fashion wise). A good film to keep a part of the collection.
Colbert is well out of her element here, and cannot carry this tribute to WW II fighting nurses. The sentiment is commendable. The film is disappointing. It goes on and on, practically forever. It pulls no punches about the toughness of the action, which is laudable. But, it also gives us nothing to hold on to. George Reeves and Sonny Tufts are unbearably stiff and feckless in the two leading male roles. Walter Abel is good as the tough commander. I was disappointed when I first saw this, and recently wanted to see if it had improved with time. It hasn't.
An unsentimental look at the consequences of the AIDS outbreak on a bunch of friends and lovers in 1980s Paris. It was unusual to see folk come down with the disease while it was still classified as a 'mystery' and while docs were desperately searching for cures, reasons, symptoms etc. Some of the news reportage shown resembled news clips from a zombie movie. There were lots of good bits to the film, some interesting characters and lives, it was well acted and the story swept along without resorting to melodrama. A pity the unfulfilling ending came on too sudden.
The movie title, and one of its main axis, comes after a fragment of a poem written by Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca, called 'Llanto por la muerte de Ignacio Sánchez Mejías', dedicated to the death in 1934 of a Spanish Torero. This poem is often seen as a premonition of Garcia Lorca's own dead, near Fuente Grande, and of the Civil War that was soon to desolate Spain. Samira Makhmalbaf comes again with an anguishing tale of a woman that wants to believe in the role of women in a modern society while her own family is disintegrating around her.
I saw Carandiru after seeing Takeshi Kitanos "Zatoichi" at the Toronto Film Festival. Let me tell you, my day was full of carnage but it's OK because both movies were very good. The director was there as well as an actor or two if I remember correctly, they spoke about the film with true passion which added to the essence of the final product. It opend my eyes to an event that I never knew of. Highness was a great charater, Graca was my favorite, he should learn english and get into the indie scene in North America. Good film 7\10.
I was resistant to the show at first because I was overwhelmed with shows like Moesha, the Parkers, and I didn't like the way they portrayed black people. But This show is different. These women and especially Reggie Hayes show strong successful Black people who worked their way up to their positions. You can see a bit of your self in all the characters, and William is non stop funny as a momma-loving, republican, success oriented lawyer. There are other characters that you learn to enjoy, but the friendships between these women is stronger than anything thrown at them; including man troubles.
We all gotta be careful in what 70's Jackie movies we watch, but this one certainly isn't bad. The plot has something to do with Jackie's master being killed. There actually is a mildly shocking twist (shocking for Jackie, but don't expect Usual Suspects here). Anyway, the kung-fu is very good, definitely up to snuff. Jackie is good, and there's scenes where the old men fight. Even the dubbing isn't horrible. Very good overall, but Snake and Crane Arts of Shaolin is better (even though it has an awkward title) if you're looking for something from this era. I gave it a 7.
What can I say about this film? It's brilliant; Ko So-Young and Lee Sung-Jae are excellent as the married couple struggling to conceive. The only problem I had with the film is that it verge's a little to close to being sentimental during the early part of the film, but it's only a small problem. All in all the film builds up nicely and believably to what is an excellent and touching final 20 minutes. And for me the film stands as more evidence that South Korea is currently making many of the best films in the world (they have been since 1997).
This a delightful film full of humanistic touches-- from young Prince Karl's playful relationship with his good-natured mentor, Dr. Juttner, his carousing and drinking with the students in Old Heidelberg, to his paddling upon lakes and taking mad carriage rides with the beautiful barmaid, Kathy-- it's all at once side-stitchingly funny, bittersweet, romantic and a nostalgic tribute to youth and young love. The film is made with such a deft touch that, to the end where Prince Karl returns to visit Heidelberg, it never becomes schmaltzy. It is consistently charming and ends on a pitch perfect note. A real crowd pleaser. Highly recommended.
Student Prince in Old Heidelberg (1927) **** out of **** Directed by Ernst Lubitsch With Ramon Novarro and Norma Shearer Prince Karl Heinrich have an easy life, with all pleasure, but he hate that, he want to know the world. Suddenlly, he is send it to old Heidelebrg to study and there known, not only friends but love. Beautiful, rich, splendorous Lubitsch gem is so fresh than ever, with a gentle, incredible and beautiful Novarro and an adorable and stunning Shearer. Beautiful scenes that get sticked in your head with an uncommon ending for the time. A must see!
'Rejseholdet' is one of the best new danish tv-series that i have watched. The series is about the danish police force's Unit 1 - a kinda FBI-style team that help solve murder cases all over the country, and the cases they work on, plus the influence that their jobs have on their personal lives, and the price they sometimes has to pay to be a part of a top police team. I didn't expect much when I started watching this series - I was pleasantly surprised, the series is exciting, sometimes fun, it's got both drama and suspense, I love it.
Yeah - very similar film to Predator, team of army folks trekking through the jungle and encountering alien lifeforms. I loved it, some of the film quality was a bit dubious, looked like someone had been let loose with a videocamera and a couple of army surplus uniforms but the acting was adequate and the story okay. Parts of it I hid behind the sofa from, which is always a good standard to set a horror film by. Filmed in Australia, so it ain't up to Hollywood standards but it doesn't pretend to be, it's just a very watchable film.
I will start off by saying my ONLY beef was that we didn't get to see enough of this X5 - the absolute ONLY "suv" on the streets that you can take on the race track off the showroom floor and, in 4.4 V8 trim, have run with the M3's. That said, this film was great. Powerful, to the point, BEAUTIFULLY acted, mysterious in it's ending, and just downright superb. I will say no more - watch it, it's free. 9/10, simply because they TOYED with my heart by giving us some great X5 action, just not enough of it. :)
With the pedigreed authors and actors involved, I was expecting something very special from Common Ground. But, as I watched it, I was reminded of the propaganda films they showed in junior high and high school about the evils of drugs, and the threat of venereal disease. The script and direction were just about of that caliber. And the message seemed to be that being homosexual, in and of itself, somehow makes one noble. What twaddle. And before any of the PC brigade accuses me of being homophobic, I am in fact homosexual. And as such, I found this movie a real embarrassment.
I was fortunate enough to attend an advanced screening and was magnificently surprised. The film was beautifully made. The acting/voices were all wonderful, including the young talent. I think all ages will be entertained. The story contains important lessons for children, but also relevant reminders for adults. I also think attempts to compare the film to Lord of the Rings and/or Harry Potter would be unfortunate for all parties. They are each uniquely wonderful. Make sure you see this! By the way, make sure you stay through the end credits to hear a beautiful song Alanis Morisette wrote especially for the film.
The best of all "the gods must be crazy" movies. Chinese humor is excellent. (Note, I am not Chinese. I live in America) Vastly underrated. Perhaps, they did not show it in many American theaters because they were afraid that westerners might not be able to appreciate the movie. Excellent acting. Excellent script. The creators of this movie should make more similar movies. I saw this movie a long time ago. But still remember it. It has lots of humor which does not require much thinking. Good clean fun. I do not remember any offensive content in the movie.
Gee, I guess I should be embarrassed, but I liked this movie. It's sort of an ultra-lightweight comic version of François Truffaut's "Wild Child"...the adults are appropriately silly, the boy is a charmer, the girl is cute, the climb of the Eiffel Tower is pretty spectacular and the movie ends well for everyone. The Russian bad-guys and some of the treatment of animals (birds!) make the movie a little heavy for young kids, but overall the film is far more effective than the Disney remake, where the boy is too old and the adults don't really make much sense, even for a comedy.
Only one reviewer "got it": ppmaker from Russian Federation ----------------SPOILER ALERT---------------------- It's worth watching the directors comments on his alternative endings to see what the ending he used means, and what the other endings he considered could have meant. As PPMAKER said - did anything actually happen? The ending that was used leaves that rather wide open. The alternate endings leave you with other possibilities. Once you understand what the ending is telling you - those little nagging plot doubts you had during the movie are all resolved. Great movie - enjoyed it greatly and enjoyed the soundtrack.
Yes many dislike it but this film in the performance of McDowell manages to capture everything that was terrifying about the Nazi regime, there is an authentic atmosphere of dread and oppression, more so than any other film about WW2 made, how it was in occupied territories. The stand out scene is the one where he interrogates the Michel Lonsdale resistance man, and chops off his fingers while cooking dinner, we don't see it the camera pans away, but it still is terrifying! More so than any Texas chainsaw film! Yes they really did things like this the SS! Watch it now!
All of the dialog was dubbed by Hartman and Markowitz in a marathon 24-hour looping session. Because of budgetary restrictions, they shot the entire film without sound and the two comics dubbed everything later. No, this is probably not in the stack of films Grodin plays in his DVD as he gets nostalgic. While that trivia doesn't make the film a totally enjoyable experience, it's a better rental than "Riding the Bus with My Sister". Markowitz has some new films in production that look outstanding. He has directed his energies toward writing and producing, and is a brilliant force in the business.
Good old classic horror movie which delivers everything a horror fan wants. More blood, more limbs, more scares. Overall: More fun! Bruce Campbell returns as Ash, the foolish but cool hero who has to fight for his life and kill his friends when they get possessed and turn on him. KNB Effects Group (Kurtzman, Nicotero, Berger) really did an amazing job with this movie. The amount of monsters, limbs and all others kinds of special makeup effects alone is worth watching this movie. Once again directed by Sam Raimi. Funny, Scary and one hell of a ride! 10/10
Another of the lost RKO films shown on TCM this month. William Powell plays a playboy vaguely interested in Ann Harding, whose family crashed in the Depression. Harding is a woman who believes in marrying for love but gets pushed into trapping Powell into marriage (for his money). Nice little story with two top stars who have great chemistry together. And the story isn't as dour as it sounds. Lucille Browne is the odious sister. Henry Stephenson is the father. Lillian Bond is the gold digger. Kay Hammond is the friend. Reginald Owen is the butler. Nice little film.
Senior citizens can be shrill, depressing, and very boring, so you might think a movie that casts old people as 'hit men' would be good for a few laughs. "Homebodies" tries but fails. It's just a silly film about greedy land developers trying to knock down the house of some stubborn old people, who in turn start picking off the workers in an attempt to stop construction. All the characters are annoying caricatures that'll be grating on your nerves after the first 15 minutes. Save yourself the trouble of searching out this movie and just go volunteer at a nursing home. 3/10
While this film fails to capture the aura of a big-budgit film, it succeeds in finding that of a B-movie. Yes the film's plot is kinda cheesy and the acting's inadvertently funny, but it has the strange attraction one might have for an Ed Wood film or any other kind of corny "horror" film. The story was also a but clichéd and there was one rather misplaced hot scene. It's like a tabloid story, you don't wanna look, but something pulls you to do so anyway. All in all "Dead Above Ground" isn't perfect, but I kinda enjoyed it anyway.
Saying Bambi 2 is better than the original is a complete understatement. The film is perfect on every level of film making. It's an intoxicating feeling when a movie excites and enlivens us like this -- and there's a particular giddiness to be had in thinking about what movies can (but don't often) do for one's soul after imbibing such a fine vintage! Honestly, it is amazing. A must see film. Disturbing, brilliant, FANTASTIC! The film's screenplay is amazing, fantastic writing. Unpredictable. Seriously, didn't know what to expect next. The voice work, I consider, to be Oscar worthy acting! A complete masterpiece. 10/10.
I have read the novel Reaper of Ben Mezrich a fews years ago and last night I accidentally came to see this adaption. Although it's been years since I read the story the first time, the differences between the novel and the movie are humongous. Very important elements, which made the whole thing plausible are just written out or changed to bad. If the plot sounds interesting to you: go and get the novel. Its much, much, much better. Still 4 out of 10 since it was hard to stop watching because of the great basic plot by Ben Mezrich.
This a terrible movie with a terrible story. It's low budget, so, of course, I forgive the acting and production flaws. But there's no excuse for a bad story. A down-on-his-luck clown who is determined to make it as a clown, decides to become a stripper clown and market himself as a joke for bachelor parties. His first gig goes really bad. A turn of events makes him rich and famous, but that bad gig comes back to haunt him. I rented this movie because of the Kevin Smith connection, since I'm a huge Smith fan. Don't make the same mistake I did.
My mother bought this for Halloween at the Dollar Store for something fun to watch. Truly a bad movie. Watch for the microphone dropping into the frame from above near the pool. There is the typical nudity tease but there is none. In that respect it is safe for kids. (SPOILER ALERT) The death scenes are great fun though. Our favorites were the electrocution and the strangulation. The faces were so great we watched it over and over. Great for a laugh! Also, is that Starsky and Hutch? If you see it for a dollar and want some laughs, get it, otherwise pass.
If you've ever watched the hour-long "Magical World of Disney" show which had various Disney cartoons from the 1940s through 1970s played, you'll be familiar with what this video is. The exact same stories shown the exact same way with a grand total of 3-5 new minutes of wrapper animation (with different voices than the segments, as well as poorer quality animation) make this one to avoid. The tape does include a little cardboard stand for a picture of some kind, but that's not really worth the money spent on this. Go get Monsters, Inc instead -- your family will thank you.
This film atrocity must be seen to be believed. By comparison Plan 9 looks like Citizen Kane. Any movie that can combine vampires, space travel, lobster-men, bat-pygmies, snake-men, & cavemen into one utterly illogical, incomprehensible "plot" gets a special place in my bad movie lovin' heart to begin with. When compounded by adding tinted black & white stock footage as a plot device, a 50-cent plastic toy spaceship with a bic lighter for propulsion(I swear I'm not making this up), and a "Spectum Analyzer" that is clearly a caulk gun, it transcends the normally accepted standard of "so-bad-it's-good". The WORST of the worst.
I don't know why we need this movie as a sequel for the excellent first Exorcist. There is nothing to do with the first Exorcist. This movie is all about "Locusts", so what? What is the matter with locusts? It's just too intentional to try to make connection with locusts. When you see the first one, you will realize there is nothing related to the first one in this movie. When I saw a flying locust in the Regan's room, I just smirked. Get the first one and just think there are no sequels for the Exorcist. Save your money for something else.
Normally I enjoy movies like "The Silver Chalice"(Paul Newman's first feature), in which actors I usually enjoy show that they, too, can be in movies that stink. This movie was different. For a while it was fun to watch Richard Burton recite idiotic dialogue in a stupid plot line, and do it badly. About half way through, the "enjoyment" started to wear off, and it began to hurt badly to watch someone be SO bad. I had to force myself to watch the entire movie, and even the uplifting ending (the "good" locust/human triumphs over the "bad" locust/human) could not save this movie.
Richard Benjamin's 'Made in America' keeps harping on a theme in vogue. According to the script Nia Long realizes that her father was a sperm from a sperm-bank. Whoopie Goldberg - her mother - denies everything. Even that she was born at all. And then comes a white man called Ted Danson and upsets their whole world. So that's the story. Goldberg extravagant performance is annoying. However she and Danson falls in love with each other on the shooting. Will Smith has eyeglass, the script has no gags, and we have to see something else. 4 of the 10.
For all the love I have for South Park, I must say this movie is horrible without even the redeeming factor of being horribly horrible. It just sucks! And no pun intended. Juvenile, concocted (again no pun intended), poorly written, amateuristic direction and very predictable. From the get go I felt no empathy whatsoever with our mormon idiot. Halfway through I was wondering why I was still watching this. And by the end I was wishing for my life back. Even now I waste time writing this review, hoping to save some of you from this colossal waste of time.
Right from the word go, this movie is dull, flat and full of poor attempts at atmosphere. Jackman's performance is so outstanding compared to the rest of the film it's almost painful to see him leave the shot. Otherwise the film is filled with poorly written, poorly shot performances by actors who seem to be very much aware of just how bad the material they're working with is. While this will probably become a cult classic for those who (rightfully) adore Jackman's work, I have to advise that unless your just dying to see more of Hugh, give it a miss.
Sticks and Stones is a coarse, crude, violent, and largely pointless film. Of the first 25 votes cast for it, fifteen were a '10'. I suppose this means the cast and crew enjoyed it. I am thankful that so few other people were subjected to this waste of celluloid. It is advertised on the video box as a film that will 'touch the family'. Worst case of false advertising I've seen of late. I was appalled by, (and had to comment on) the coarse language to my teenagers, so they will not think that sort of thing is normal or acceptable.
Snakes. A midget with a flower painted on his bald head. An aging Boris Karloff in full-on "Colonel Sanders" mode. An inane plot (that's neither funny nor so-bad-it's-funny) intercut with backlot, Roger Corman-style voodoo ceremony scenes. Bad dubbing trying to pull all the disparate elements together. This South-of-the-Border horror quickie (scripted by Jack Hill, of "Spider Baby" fame) is one of two films that spliced in separately-shot footage of Karloff near the end of his life to make the lousy thing marketable. "The Snake People" is just a dull, charmlessly inept piece of junk--director Juan Ibanez makes Ed Wood look like Scorsese.
*shrug* I guess it's a sequel, and we see some sequences from the original, and some people have claimed to see it, so I guess it must exist. But why anyone would want to make a sequel is anyone's guess, much less _this_ sequel. Jack Palance is the big-name star, and he manages to embarrass himself fully as a priest in leftover Pharisee robes from Jesus Christ Superstar. he's given plenty of help by the amateur Italian movies who appear here, though. If you ever felt tempted to pick up the misogynistic Gor series of novels, watching this movie should convince you otherwise.
The movie was alright..The used car man was hot! The salesman..those eyes. They don't make men like that in the 2000's. He is played by David Ott. Are there any other films featuring him (topless hopefully). The car chase doesn't last long enough. He's cute. Acting is OK but he is quite the comic relief. At first glance he looks like the late Michael Hutchance from INXS. Would like to see him today. Thought I caught him uncredited in Vanilla Shy but that is some years later. Possibly has short role in "Sex and the City"
Too bad there's no negative stars rating... I was appalled by everything about this movie, including the chick's fake French accent, the terrible Indiana Jones/the Mummy ripoff, and the awful editing. I have honestly seen better acting in adult films. The few hours I spent watching this movie seemed like an eternity. The historical inaccuracies are so numerous that I found myself shouting "wtf" throughout the entire film. I have no idea how Russell Mulcahy's name ended up anywhere near this abomination. It shouldn't even be called a film. This "thing" is a pathetic attempt to combine the 'Indiana Jones' and 'Mummy' franchises.
OVA 1 fails to incorporate the qualities of the original anime series that made it such a success. The story lacked both coherence and consistency, jumping around from one idea to another without much development. The entire premise was absurd, almost trivializing the events of the series. Perhaps the writers also forgot that dead people stay that way, as they brought several of them back to take part in the battle. Viewers are left questioning how and why the events occurred, a sign of a poorly made production. I certainly don't recommend seeing this 3 part OVA, even to die-hard, curious FY fans.
Sayles makes an all-star cast film? Yes and no, because they were all unknowns when this was made. Still you can still see that Cusack was destined for bigger stuff. It takes a typical and historic American tale, but adds a bit of the Sayles influence. Silent heroes and put-upon men being exploited. Not quite a "Limbo" or "Lone Star", but this is still entertaining and involving stuff. And finally, what is it about baseball that produces such good films? A seemingly boring sport, but "Bull Durham", "A League Of Their Own" and especially "Field Of Dreams" are all decent films.
I didn't get this movie... There's too much usual stories and plots in this movie which make it standard movie. Apart from that, the message is clear and plain, but then, the rumors about the director's sexual orientation which was connected to this movie somehow bothered me. It's about dealing with anomality; sometimes you reject it, sometimes you proud about it, most of the times you're trying to hide it. And it's everybody's dreaming to end your anomality in a grande-explosion which amaze many people (mostly ones who hates you or your anomality). But I can't get more than that.
Ugly violent, incoherent western. Directed, scored and starring country singer Dwight Yoakum. The music score is also a disappointment. It was exec produced by Buck Owens. You would think all this would bring you a half way decent western, but I think the Bakersfield Ca sun got to them first! Even veteran character actors such as Bo Hopklins and Matt Clark can't save this one. Vince Vaughn, Billy Bob Thornton, Paul (Pee-Wee Herman) Ruebens, Bud Cort, Peter and Bridget Fonda - an unusual cast for a western, is wasted in this beautifully photographed travesty. Hang up your guns Dwight, stick to singin'
Ugh, I hated "Diner." A group of college twerps who don't want to grow up sit around and blather on incessantly. I believe we're supposed to think they're cute and lovable, shaking our heads in mock disapproval of their pesky antics. Give me a break. Nothing's more boring than watching a movie about people who want to avoid all of the responsibilities you accepted a long time ago. Maybe when I'm years older and further away from my own passage into adulthood, I will find this movie nostalgic and charming. As it is, I find it unbearable. Grade: D
About 95% of the Puppet shots were patched together from other Puppet Master movies. This produces the interesting effect of having someone from the present chatting face to face with a puppet in 1940's Germany. Did they think we wouldn't notice? It just shows you what these film makers think of their audience. Then there's the scene in which Tunnler drills a guy between the legs. Where are the guys hands? Flailing around! I think I see a way out of this. Pick up the puppet that is drilling into your balls! Idiocy. This was the beginning of Full Moon's death.
I don't suggest this film. I wasn't able to watch more than 20' of this film... I wonder how did this movie have above 1 ratting... :( very bad film... There is almost NO connection between the scenes... I'm afraid that this movie has nothing to provide... Only laugh but sometimes even laugh gets boring... The hypothesis is lost... The whole setting is u-n-r-e-a-l-i-s-t-i-c... This is my 1rst comment on a movie here and I'm so sad that it is for a "bad" comment.. PS. there are thousand film to watch except the Natural City.. trust me.... I 'll vote: 1
i'll be honest i only picked this up 'cause Busey was in it...usually like his roles, but i don't think I've ever seen an actor wing it in like Gary did here. Every single scene he's in he stands emotionless reading off his lines, an easy pay-day for Gary is suppose but sheer torture for his fans. this film is basically a crap submarine rescue film, nothing interesting happens, the action is tame, the story is child like, the acting unspectacular. avoid this forever, even if your a Gary Busey fan please do not watch this. why do they bother?
I can't believe that 1000 of my fellow IMDb folk gave this movie a 7 or better. What is wrong with you? This is a terrible movie; if you don't believe me, read the reviews! The dialogue is infantile, the plot ridiculous ( why would Jimmy get 4 other crazy thugs, and split the $50,000., when he do it himself, or just hire one or two of the crazies for a couple of grand?)If you haven't seen it, please don't! I could go on for hours about how bad this movie is, and what a waste of acting talent, but I'll stop now.
About 95% of the Puppet shots were patched together from other Puppet Master movies. This produces the interesting effect of having someone from the present chatting face to face with a puppet in 1940's Germany. Did they think we wouldn't notice? It just shows you what these film makers think of their audience. Then there's the scene in which Tunnler drills a guy between the legs. Where are the guys hands? Flailing around! I think I see a way out of this. Pick up the puppet that is drilling into your balls! Idiocy. This was the beginning of Full Moon's death.
Okay, Kirsten Dunst is great and one of the best aspiring actresses today; Randy Quaid made it nearly tolerable; but I can't get over the fact that this was really another typical American attempt to turn people against the system and gain distrust and dispise for authority. It was supposedly a "true" story; thus a real tragedy. The script was also a tragedy and the general story wasn't much better, though it does make one re-evaluate one's standards and perhaps learn something. There are of course much better films that complete this purpose as well. This too-long military demeaning flick is worth missing.
Ok I didn't compleatly hate this movie, I liked everything up to the point where they won the lottery then the whole thing took a tragic nose dive. I can't put into words why I didn't like it after that point. I guess it might just be that there wasn't enough material here to make a film. Were offered many interesting characters for a few minutes, then most of them die. Lisa Kudrow has proven herself as a great character actress (like in the opposite of sex, analize this, romy and michell, friends) she was IMHO the only saving grace in this movie.
quite possibly the worst film of our generation: no plot, no character development, absolutely no story to be told. This is a sketch movie, and a very bad one at that. Michael Cera is top bill, he's in 1 scene, he really regrets being involved now.this is an awful movie, and not just bad in the sense of it's ironically funny, it's just EXTREMEly bad, avoid like the plague. Mathew Lillard was this movies only saving grace. His attempts at sexual health tapes were pretty funny. the musical scene at the end was also a bit humorous, but again severely lacking.
How many times have we seen an 'alien' attack humans? Haven't we seen this story before? Too predictable. Mr King should stick to themes like 'the langoliers', where you don't see what is coming, or know what is coming. This movie could have been so much more. It did feel like a B movie. The art on the DVD cover looked inspiring, and I couldn't wait to watch it. Maybe that's why it was so disappointing. Mr King should go back to 'It', 'storm of the century', 'the langoliers', etc. Have to say 4/10 for this one.
Overlong (2 hours), minimal character development, no scenario, no nothings. I have never yet fallen asleep in the cinema, but this time it was a close-run thing, and judging by the lack of animation from my fellow cinema-goers I wasn't alone in this. 2-dimensional characters, inane dialogue (except in the first half, where Mitterrand's acid tongue is occasionally allowed out for a run). Boring, boring, boring. It doesn't even cut it as a rather flat documentary, since the director freely admits taking liberties with what Mitterrand really said and did. Avoid this film, unless of course you're an insomniac.
Possibly the most tedious war melodrama ever made. Long, empty scenes. From a long, empty script. Cate Blanchett is an interesting looking woman, no doubt. But I think about half the running time of the film was composed of close-ups featuring her amazingly limited acting range: from nervous all the way to tremulous. After about twenty minutes, I just grew tired of looking at her. And in this film, she's about all there is. Not one moment of this whole tortured mess felt genuine. But, hey, the scenery was great. So one has to give France AND the second unit its props.
In high school some friends and I were cruising Blockbuster and we stumbled into the narrow "Other" section, where my eyes set on a movie called "Ganjasaurus Rex". On the spine of the box, under "Genre", some jaded employee entered "BAD". Needless to say, we rented it. The "plot" of this "movie" involves a six-foot inflatable dinosaur that terrorizes stoned hikers for their pot. For about half the movie, the date and time are in the corner of the frame, betraying the filmmakers' use of a friggin' CAMCORDER! Funny to laugh at (not with), but the absurdity loses its appeal pretty quick.
Ok, so the characters were funny in small sketches the Harry Enfield and Chums TV series, but they certainly don't deserve their own movie. It's basically a "How many erection gags can you fit into 100 minutes?" This film should never have been shown at the cinema. It is what the phrase "TV Movie" is for. It's a shame that the British Film industry, which has produced some of the best independent films in recent years, also produces the odd turkey. Save your money - it will probably be shown on BBC1 soon - which is where it should have been shown originally.
A very unintelligent comedy about a very unintelligent detective from director Paul Flaherty, "Harry Crumb" is a ridiculous, stupid comedy. The film borders on slapstick, parody and send-up, and is often very akin to "The Naked Gun". John Candy couldn't even save this film as the humour isn't even accidentally funny. Other stars including Jeffrey Jones, Annie Potts, Barry Corbin and Shawnee Smith are not able to help either. The plot from Robert Conte and Peter Martin Wortmann(derivative of "Ruthless People") is pathetic, as in fact is most of the movie. Don't waste your time. Wednesday, December 30, 1992 - Video
(my comments are based on the unrated director's cut which runs 12 minutes longer than the R-rated theatrical cut) call it Basic Instinct part 2, since it's by the same writer and basically the exact same movie for the most part just with different actors. the numerous explicit sex scenes are about as unerotic as you can get, and the movies centerpiece, the car chase, seems to go on forever. i honestly feel that this movie could of had something going for it with a little restraint in the sex department and better writing. a barely competent erotic/thriller. rating:4
I could not appreciate this movie in the slightest. The characters were non-existent in the Lovecraft canon. The stories were twisted into an attempt to be scary, introducing romanticized elements that were totally unnecessary. The material in the books far outclass it in horror and suspense. Whoever thought they could pass this swill off as a Lovecraftian horror film was thick in the head! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, Lovecraft fan or otherwise. If you want a good--not necessarily period appropriate, but good--Lovecraft horror film, I'd recommend The Reanimator. It's not the best, but it's better than this piece of garbage.
That includes the worst movies ever made by a five year old kid with his parent's video camera. Trying to follow the plot was like looking at a Escher painting, but without anything interesting to see along the way. The acting was terrible, and the directing was worse. The best thing about the movie was making fun of it with my friends. I highly suggest that you don't see this movie unless you are: A) brain dead B) deaf AND blind C) punishing yourself D) a cinematic masochist E) all of the above Preferable E.
The film is boring with Jonny Rico being the only character returning from the first film. It's too much military based and unlike the title;Marauder, it barely contains any marauders. No beetle-like bugs, no grasshopper-like bugs, only arachnids and other new bugs that was never in the first film. Last scene is too childish and unlike the first film, no detailed shot of a arachnid being gunned down is shown. But other than that, it wasn't a horrible film, at least it's much better than 2. The script writer should have taken the story more seriously with more characters and creatures returning.
I actually didn't find too much all that disgusting about the relationship upon which two of the main characters embark, and I find films about unfaithful husbands and wives rather interesting. But cuts are choppy, and some of the dialogue is just plain stupid. The only really good scenes were given to Alan Rickman, playing the cuckolded husband, and such scenes are regrettably brief. It was a bold attempt at something that could have been very interesting, and the twist at the end almost makes it worthwhile. But I'd spend my movie renting dollars on something else if I had a second chance.
This is a very silly film. All the female characters never walk or run or stand, they mince, flounce and languish. The lesbian vampires of the title are easily the most ineffectual vampires ever to grace the silver screen. This whole movie is just too European for me. And, while the lesbian vampires might have a taste for blood, there sure is very little of it in this film. All the above said, I did enjoy this film, because it is so easy to laugh about. About the only thing thing this so called erotic horror film is good for is a laugh.
In 1995, I rented "Introducing...Janet" (aka "Rubberface") because it showed Jim Carrey on the cover. It turned out to be a total zero, with no determinable plot (apparently there was one, but I couldn't figure it out). I can forgive Carrey for having starred in something so crappy early in his career. But really, if you come across it, don't get fooled; there is absolutely no reason to watch it. Even Carrey's atrocious "Man on the Moon" had some semblance of a reason to exist; this has none. It stinks. So, you understand: this movie sucks. Avoid it. AVOID IT. AVOID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This film is extremely poor in every manner, the special effects were probably done on an atari, e.g. laser scenes and miniature bombs, the acting is abysmal, an in my mind there wss no need for gratuitous sex scene half way through, i mean would u like to see a pizza face 50 year old man having sex with a woman half his age (who repaetedly changes her clothes in the back of a van without a van). it appears that the 50 year old star's grandad acted out the fight scenes due to the slow pace and all round crapness of it.
How does something this bad get made? The plot is simplistic and predictable, the characters one dimensional and clichéd (single working mum with disabled kid, rich corporate mole who drives like she owns the world). The camera is so jerky it made me sick. This technique has only worked for the Blair Witch, and nothing else. A women's Falling Down, not bloody likely. D-Fens would be rolling over his watery grave. And these positive reviews that have been posted - film crew anyone? The only realistic aspect of this garbage is how women drivers are depicted. Now there's the real drama.
Saw this in the theater in 1981. Had a blast. Saw it when it first got released on video in 1984. Had a laugh. Saw it on cable last week. Had a fit. To be fair, it was almost original during its original run. But now that all the clichés have been run into the ground, it's not worth a second look. Linda Blair was the best actress here. And while Vinny Van Patten has done some good performances, this wasn't one of them. He didn't seem comfortable playing a surfer 'dude.' For Linda Blair fans/completests only.
Pure and simple, as a computer nerd this movie is crap. It is totally 100% unbelievable, thats about it. It plays on every single hacker stereotype that exists and it makes up laws of technology. "HEY! I bet I can guess the password to the FBI in 3 tries! I bet it's sex secret or god!" Thats the level of technology they expect us to believe the FBI uses. They ALSO expect us to believe that the FBI keeps its top secret files ONLINE in the first place!! Crap, all the way through, plain and simple.
I much prefer Blue Velvet, maybe because it was new and shocking and original, whereas here Lynch seems to be copying himself, Nic Cage seems to be doing his faux-Elvis 'look at me all the time" schtick and Laura Dern just seems lost. The camera work is lovely, but to what end? It's kind of an empty story when all is said and done. As Emanuel Levy says in his book Cinema of Outsiders, "the shocks have little resonance, and the weirdness is trivial- the pictures hyperkinetic wildness is mostly on the surface, the images are elaborately conceived but meaningless."
David Jason is brilliant. Sadly a good actor cannot salvage an obvious story line (which owes a lot other work, such as the similarly named Ghostship) which meant it all became a little predictable, and towards the end just plain silly. Characters behave inconsistently and illogically as the story lurches towards the less than surprising end. The special effects themselves were also erratic - obviously a lot of money was spent on the set of the sub, but the cgi shots ranged from the okay to dreadful. Okay if you are bored, but not the great work I was expecting.
People are mostly fooled by the title "ninja" and name "jubei" but this film is not the sequel of the "legendry" Ninja Scroll. The film is really(!) bad. A waste of money. I get bored writing these comments, but I felt like I had to this time, as I didn't want anyone else to fall into my position. Jubei is Jubei Yagyu from Samurai Spirits but don't be fooled, the game being good doesn't mean that the movie is good as well. One final important note: Film is not MANGA made, thus it is bad enough (Ninja Scroll was MANGA's)
This turned out to be more of a women's romance-soap-suspense film than what I hoped it was....simply a tense thriller. Yes, the final 20 minutes were suspenseful but much of the previous 75 bordered on being just plain tedious. Ruter Hauer was a little too subdued, not playing his normal intense character. Natasha Richardson sports somewhat of a dumb look most of the time and her character was very unappealing. The story is so-so. It's not as bad as I'm making out, but it sure isn't anything I'd watch again, and the back of the VHS describing this movie was misleading.
In early 70s, Jacquou Le Croquant series was a great TV success. Not sure this will be equally the case for this 2007 version. What could have attracted Laurent Boutonnat in Le Roy's novel can be easily spotted here : Wide spaces, fighting between nobles and peasants, post revolution ambiance.. Laurent Boutonnat comeback to movies is unfortunately not a great experience. Without Mylène Farmer, but all sorts of meaningless symbols and a handful of ready made scenes,this leads to a very disappointing movie, This picture that could have been great is simply a succession of movie-clips , without any coherence.
One thing is for sure: Ron Howard must be ashamed of his brother after watching this film. Clint has a memorable role as a forrest bum that meets his demise from the Ticks. Peter Scolari must have needed the money to make a car note or something. And yes, the kid from "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" is in this one as a supposed tough kid from the Bronx or something, but comes across as a throwback from the mid-eighties breakdancing films. If you decide to watch this film, do it in the form of the "MST3K" guys and enjoy yourself!
I didn't have much time for jim sheridan before i saw this movie, after seeing it i had none. This movie is pitiful. The script, direction and acting are simply woefull, it has a perspective of irish politics as viewed from a subway tunnel. it's an absolute howler of a movie with a rather nasty plot straight out of the joesph goebbels school of poltical dishonesty. It's insidious, deceitful and downright dishonest. this movie is an insult to people in belfast and derry. I'd never thought particularly highly of jim sheridan before seeing this but after seeing it i thought even less.
Before John Candy was really famous, he starred in this rather silly Canadian movie about a series of kidnappings. He plays police officer Kopek, investigating the kidnappings and getting into a bunch of loopy situations along the way. The only other cast member whom I recognized was Mickey Rooney, playing a trigger-happy hit-man named Trigger (although apparently, Peter Cook also starred). Overall, "Find the Lady" is nothing special, mostly a series of gags, but it's pretty fun, especially the end scene. I guess that you could say that it backs up what Michael Moore always says: Canada is the greatest place on earth.
1 Giant Leap was nominated for two Academy Awards in 2003 and should have won. It is a unique creation specifically originally made in non-sequential chapters for DVD (ie not a plot-linear movie transferred to digital format). The music is stunning (world genre), and the visuals are exceptionally special. It is not a rehash of Baraka or Koyaanisquatsi but if you were impressed by either of them, and/or if you love world music, you need to see 1GL. It also carries some very interesting and pertinent comment on many political/philosophical themes. My only criticism is it's a bit over-respectful perhaps of specifically Hindi spirituality.
The plot of the film has been used in others in different ways, however one must acknowledge that acting of Orson Welles and Claudette Colbert added another quality to this drama. At present Black and white films are not much wanted, particularly by new generations, but the present can be well accepted by them. It goes step by step with an acting of Welles simply extraordinary, the way he moves the way he talks and argues in the film is nearly normal. The end was logic and obviously tragic. We would need more materials like these, i.e. with less violence and good humanistic messages.
Nikita is a great French film - one of the best I have viewed. In fact, I have to do an essay on a foreign film and chose to do this one ... problem is - I can't find too much info about it ... but, I feel that this film is great for first-time foreign movie-goers as they seem a bit hesitant at first when faced with watching a foreign movie - especially students ... because of "The Assassin" I feel that the comparison between the 2 movies will help other countries gain a greater understanding for foreign movies... it's a must see!!
As others have noted, Jason Robards' performance as Brutus has real problems, particularly at the start. While playing the character as vague and distracted is certainly justified by the text, Robards often appears just this side of comatose. James Mason was far better in the older film version. The biggest and best surprise is Heston's strength as Antony. He believably conveys an interesting mixture of loyalty, craftiness, and ambition. And his work in the funeral oration is well-paced and well-directed. Overall, this version has a lot going for it -- it's among the better Shakespeare adaptations that I know of.
I could tear this piece of crap apart, frame by frame. But it's not worth the effort to do so. MST3K hasn't touched this, only because there's not much to work with. It has no entertainment value, at all. I pity the people who made this movie, because it has got to reflect some part of their bland, disconnected, below-average life experiences. Apparently a man named Peter Spelson is mostly responsible for this crap. No joy, no suspense, no horror, no pathos, no character development, no direction. Plenty of mustaches though. This thing is like a 70s porno without the sex.
If you've seen the classic Roger Corman version starring Vincent Price it's hard to put it out of your head, but you probably should do because this one is totally different. Subtlety has been abandoned in favour of gross-out horror - nudity, gore and all-round unpleasantness. OK it's ridiculous, trashy, sensationalised and historically dubious (did any members of the Inquisition really wear horn-rimmed glasses?), but despite all this it is strangely compelling. I literally couldn't tear myself away from the screen until the end of the movie. If there's a bigger compliment you can pay to a film I don't know what it is.
I can't believe people actually attempted to take this film seriously -- none of the actors involved seemed to! Especially the always dapper Donald Sutherland, who devours lines like "I can fly a helicopter!" with campy relish. If you're a hardcore Heinlein freak, don't bother with "Puppet Masters" -- it'll only break your heart -- but if you're a fan of extremely goofy, preposterous sci-fi nonsense, run out and rent it today, grab a couple of your more cheese-tolerant buddies and a couple of six packs, and settle in for a couple of hours of goo, ACTING!!, clumsily depicted paranoia, and some gut-busting laughs.
It's a typical Hollywood thriller with kids. But it's also one of the most fun. Domestic Disturbance from last year may have had John Travolta as daddy dearest, but this is better, even without a dad who is the only person who believes the kid. In fact, no one believes the kid in this one, except for the old guy, but only in the end. The only thing better about Domestic Disturbance is Steve Buschemi. Leelee is great in this movie, and the tragic parents death and surprisingly violent ending (like, everybody dies!)make this formula following thriller fun and not too bad. B-, 7/10
WOW! Rivetting! The faces of Eduardo Noriega and Lorenzo Sbaraglia fighting and surrendering to their love is pure cinematic art. I left the theatre unable to utter a word. I wanted to revisit their world, no matter how tragic, there was truth in it, twisted, painful truth. PLATA QUEMADA deserves a larger audience. On my second viewing, I forced two friends, who hate subtitles, and are as far removed from the gay world as anyone I know and they loved it. They were seduced by the universe Marcelo Pineyro created for those superb characters to inhabit. More, Mr. Pineyro. More Eduardo and Lorenzo! Bravo!
This film takes my breath away. This movie is about us ( me M and You Sweety A). I feel it and love it. The way of act of Leonardo Sbaraglia and Eduardo Noriega is so close to life, so close to our way feeling deep inside. Sensitivity, intuity, tendress, great tallent....Come dire...? This is the most beautifull movie I've ever seen. Great work of great trio - Marcello Pineyro, Leonardo Sbaraglia and last but not least ( btw first of mine) Eduardo Noriega, who remembering me in some sensitive and hot acting nature of River Phoenix. Passion. I love it. Chapeaux bas !
I haven't seen Jaws 3 in about seven years. Its one of those movies whether sequel or original film dates very quickly. the last time i saw the movie i noticed how bad the print looked (mind you it was a twenty year old VHS copy i viewed) and how i could not care less for what happened to any of the characters. The Great White Shark when it finally appears (this time its around thirty feet long) is laugh out loud fake and cheap. Chunks of rubber is a better description for the whole movie. Awful. Bloody Awful.
This film never fails to make me cry. However, it never manipulates the tears. There's such a truth and realness to the presentation of the material - not maudlin or contrived in any way. The performances are wonderful all around. Phyllis Frelich and Ed Waterstreet are superb and Mare Winingham couldn't be better. Two of televisions most breathtaking scenes are in this movie - the scene where Winingham's character confronts her mother's comment about being irresponsible and the scene where Winingham's character is alone in the church. If this movie (specifically these scenes) don't punch a hole in your chest than you aren't human.
There is one and one reason alone to see this dull, uneventful horror flick: Billy Drago. Its very perplexing to me why an actor with his immense talent and underrated potential ends up in crapsack projects like this. Nevertheless, he is still captivating as a giggling, psychopathic, sleazy town sheriff and supernatural 'mummy'. But as for any parts of the movie without him: boring, boring, boring. Even the usually excellent Danny Trejo looks awkward and embarrassed playing a character whose dialogue consists of chuckling heartily to himself for ten friggin minutes strait. Avoid unless you're a die hard Billy Drago fan like me.
I am not a huge Bunuel fan, and this isn't his best work. Nevertheless though this is great stuff, for some inexplicable reason we have two different actresses playing the lead role of Conchita. Why is that exactly? My theory is that Bunuel sat down and thought I wonder what would happen if I did this, so he did it. I won't go too thoroughly into the plot, but a man is basically tormented in different ways by a woman with shifting personalities (thus the two actresses). I liked this movie because it was so strange, the seventies were an interesting period.
I recommend the series to everyone interested in Russian culture and literature. Myself I have been waiting for such a masterpiece for a long time! The characters and the atmosphere created exactly like in the book -exactly how I wanted to see them! Apart from everything visible you can read more between the lines, specially if you are familiar with Russian history and the social relations in the past.Reality is not shown too clearly - but it is all on purpose because the author's and the director's idea was to show a grotesque,rather than a document. Every detail has a meaning here,so...open your mind!
Seinfeld is perhaps the best comedian alive today. Here is why, his jokes are funny, he works the audience, uses body motion and lastly, his jokes are CLEAN. Too many comedians think that they are funny because they curse every other word and repeat the same joke 10 different ways. Seinfeld tells his joke, it is funny, clean and he gets the punch out the first time around. All comedians need to watch this DVD and learn from him. I recommend this to everyone. You will start laughing from the very beginning and you will not stop until the end! Enjoy
The directors should be commended for doing this film with such scanty resources. A camera, a couple of airline tickets, and one of the directors as actor. Unfortunately, the result shows. The camera is excessively shaky, to the point where a freeze frame is needed so we can read a road sign. The shakiness wore me down. The story is far-fetched. The improbable omnipresent, all-knowing terrorist leader eventually becomes tedious. The sound design used in the middle of the film is obnoxiously loud and abrasive. The only worthy content is the travelogue, an inside view of life in a poor neighborhood in the Philippines.
We rented this movie because my 5 year old daughter liked the DVD cover featuring a "girl with the arrow". She had trouble following the storyline on her own - but I watched the movie with her and answered her questions. With the combination of a female heroin and lots of action, she really enjoyed the movie. Her 10 year old brother (who loves more advanced movies such as "Lord of the Rings") also enjoyed the movie. It's exactly what I expect from a Disney movie - interesting characters, lots of action and a simple plot line. A good family movie.
Very good adaptation of a classic sf short story, "Mimsy Were the Borogoves" by Lewis Padgett (pseudonym used by sf authors and spouses Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore). Some changes, of course, updating it to present time (story was originally set in 1942, published in 1943), expanding the story a bit -- but overall, nice work. I thought the kids' interactions were very true to life -- sniping and fussing at each other and at the same time being close and loving. Especially liked the little girl's interaction with Mimzy, dressing it in doll clothes, having a tea party. Very enjoyable.
Verrrry nice. I think this is the first good black movie I have seen that didn't need to be but simply was. Well-known, medium-powered Black actors and actresses in a movie that didn't focus on the Black experience. The BEST part... the whole movie was done with thought-out class. The story wasn't about brothers from the 'hood trying to make it in the White Man's world or some racially-charged Spike Lee joint. Think of a great episode of the Cosby Show re-written for an adult audience, bearing a PG-13 rating and you know how you'll feel when you leave the theater. It's about time.
This serial made at the peak of Republic's serial making may be the finest serial ever made. It has the best music score of any serial and a great serial cast including Charles Middleton, Herman Brix, C. Montague Shaw, David Sharpe and Charles Quigley. Also pretty Carole Landis and Miles Mander and you have one of the most energetic serials you will ever see. If you have never seen a serial and want to see one this may be the one to watch. It has been voted in the top 10 of an expert panel of serial fans appearing on all 25 panelist's lists.
Feds is great! So much humour and wit mixed with butt-kicking. The movie really is empowering for any woman who works in a male-dominated field. They really do show many of the guys how to do the job right. There is also a great showing of support for each other that really helps make the difference. I wish they would release it to DVD. VHS is really a sad medium for film now. I want to add Feds to my DVD collection. If you haven't seen Feds, do yourself a favour and rent it if you still own a VCR.
This is the ultimate action flick. Bruce Willis shines as the hero John McClane, and Alan Rickman is excellent as the terrorist leader Hans Gruber. Reginald VelJohnson (TV's Carl Winslow) is great as McClane's police contact on the ground. The story is compelling, and the action is incredible. There are plenty of gunshots, explosions, and an amazing hand-to-hand fight between Bruce and Alexander Godunov. John McTiernan outdid himself as an action director with this movie. Special mention goes to Jan de Bont for his wonderful cinematography. You can say what you want about his directorial efforts, but the man is a top-notch photographer.
Yesterday I went to see saathiya at theatre and let me tell you that it is a great movie. Debutant director Shaad Ali has done a great job in directing this movie. Ashok Mehta's cinematography is just too good. Vivek Oberoi has done an excellent job. He shows a lot of acting skills. I personally feel that he is a very promising actor. Rani Mukherjee also acted very well. Among other actors I think Sandhya Mridul acted very well and Tanuja was just natural. The only thing I didn't like the movie was its ending. The ending was too filmy. My Rating - 9.5/10
A dying Protagonist Blackport goes on a an angel of vengeance killing spree meeting out her own kind of justice on those who got away with it. Its been done many times before, but I have to admit this film is well made and carries the storyline very well and the main character is top notch and I must admit, I have never heard of Kristine Blackport, but she has done an excellent job of portraying the warped her heroine of the movie. Also top marks to the writer and director who have in effect made one hell of a good movie.
You can read the many fine comments already made to appreciate why this is a superb movie that simply deserves to be seen. If you appreciate the story and want to see how actors and directors and the rest of the cast that make a film are there to tell the story, this is a good choice. It is evidence that Hollywood can make significant art, brilliant storytelling, and impacting entertainment. Alan Arkin and the whole film delivered. I saw this movie on an afternoon by chance on AMC or TCM and have never forgotten it. I might never forget this film.
I really could care less who wins Auburn - Miss State, and i wanted a good laugh, so I turned to an old favorite with Henry Winkler and Micael Keaton, along with Shelly Long, Richard Belzer, and Vincent Schiavelli. You'll even find Kevin Costner and Shannen Doherty in here if you look closely. Winkler got a Golden Globe nomination for his performance, but it was Keaton that got a big start with the film. Winkler & Long were magnificent, and Keaton was so crazy that you laughed every time he opened his mouth. It was a pleasant experience. Great soundtrack, too.
I strongly advise anyone who enjoys a nice romantic movie every once in awhile to check this movie out! It was such a cute movie and i don't know why anyone who's into this type of film wouldn't like it. The casting was perfect- and that doesn't always happen with made for TV movies. And as for Brian Green..wow..he was amazing! Any fans of the former Beverly Hills 90210 star is sure to enjoy this flick! It will probably be playing on and off a lot in the next few weeks on ABC Family, so don't miss it. You will definitely not be disappointed!
I LOVE "Slaves of New York"! It´s a charming movie despite it being set in a contemporary big scruffy city. The reason is the main character, Eleanor, played by Bernadette Peters is so sweet! She feels she´s just a "normal" girl who wouldn´t mind having a kid, while living among all sorts of arty big city characters. I wish I had a friend like her. The film has a calm pace, not as frenetic as one would think about a movie about art types in New York. It´s a very underrated movie. It´s funny too in a low key way. It grows on you.
At the grand old age of 85, Alain Resnais returns with a wistful, sometimes amusing adaptation of the Ayckbourn play, transporting English dysfunction, disconnection and desolation to Paris. Resnais compensates for the limits and staginess of the source by immersing the look of the film in a fire-side lustre and teasing out provocative visual parallels between the six main characters. They could all be shards of the one identity, such do they share the same strain of middle-aged (class) discontent. Favourite scene  When the snow that bookmarks each scene finally cascades onto the set as Charlotte and Lionel search souls.
Bird of Paradise surely ranks as one of King Vidor's worst efforts---in fact it's hard to believe that the man who created The Crowd and The Big Parade could be involved with something as shoddy as this. Dolores Del Rio is hopelessly miscast as an island girl who falls for Joel McCrea, the seaman who virtually rapes her before jumping ship. We see lots of appallingly stereotypical natives (even for the period) and the writing is suffused with the worst racist instincts. Vidor redeemed himself later in his career with the thoughtful Japanese War Bride, but this is a depressing lowpoint in his ouevre.
This is a lost film, save for one reel found in a Russian archive. But what a reel! Lars Hanson is a soldier due to ship out at midnight, and Garbo is the lover who will not let him go. The tension, sensitivity, passion, and sense of doom conveyed in this scene makes it all the more tragic that this is Garbo's only lost film. Victor Sjostrom, who directed Lillian Gish in two of her greatest films, seems to have been a perfect match for Garbo as well. Look for this fragment on Turner Classic Movies; they program it between feature films fairly often.
What more could you ask for than a handsome thief, two gorgeous women, a wimp of an FBI man, a bully of British cop, a super black Mercedes Coupe, a vintage motor cycle, gambling, a murder, bumbling Gestapo thugs and supporting actors that truly support the play that is in progress! Well written, directed and acted, progress keeps things moving (even flying through the air on a wire!) at a good pace that won't leave you behind, but will get you to the end. There are even street scenes with costumes and vehicles galore! In other words, the sets are good as well! Enjoyable!
Even for the only occasional baseball fan in Europe (i.e. myself) this film gives you excitement about the game the game of baseball, feeling for some of its greatest stars and hits home just how big the sport is across the pond. And it really brings home how much director/producer Billy Crystal loves the game. The strength, however, really rest in the performance of Billy Pepper and Thomas Jane who portray the friendship, rivalry and respect between two great players. I was glued to the screen from moment one would suggest that this is one of the strongest sports films ever made.
How do films like this get selected by film festivals? I seriously question the programmers who allow such a blatant waste of screen time. I am quite certain there are hundreds of films more deserving. I found "Flying" to be self-indulgent drivel, undeserving of an audience. As she travels the world exposing herself as an "ugly American," the filmmaker ignores cultural differences, choosing instead to apply American values to foreign situations. I wish particularly disturbed by the way she exploits her own family. Often contrived, always boring, director Jennifer Fox should have spared us this painful cinematic experience by staying home and continuing therapy.
Yuck. What a terrible movie. I really can't phathom how combining a great actor like Sean Penn (Dead Man Walking, the Game), a good actor like John Travolta (Pulp Fiction) and an ok actress like Robin Wright Penn (Forrest Gump) can result in a monstrosity like this. The Penns play Maureen and Eddie with absolutely NO charm, with as result that the first half of the movie is almost unbearable. Travolta at least seems to try after that, but the sheer stupidity of the story is too large an obstacle for even him to overcome. Conclusion: a real waste of time, money and talent.
There is one and one reason alone to see this dull, uneventful horror flick: Billy Drago. Its very perplexing to me why an actor with his immense talent and underrated potential ends up in crapsack projects like this. Nevertheless, he is still captivating as a giggling, psychopathic, sleazy town sheriff and supernatural 'mummy'. But as for any parts of the movie without him: boring, boring, boring. Even the usually excellent Danny Trejo looks awkward and embarrassed playing a character whose dialogue consists of chuckling heartily to himself for ten friggin minutes strait. Avoid unless you're a die hard Billy Drago fan like me.
I think Daniel Benzali is an interesting actor, but here he is totally wasted uttering nonsense. The film is extremely predictable and extremely dull. I mean two guys talking to each other across toilet stalls for minutes on end is not entertainment. The script seems padded to try and expand such weak material. Numerous lines appear to be repeated almost verbatim. This was a big disappointment. Even the ending seemed like it was tacked on for some kind of message, that somehow would justify the brainwashed cult. If you are looking for entertainment, I suggest you steer clear of "Believers". Not recommended. - MERK
"Visitor Q" is a failed attempt at black comedy which focuses on what might be the world's most dysfunctional family including physical abuse from beatings to murder to incest to sodomy to necrophilia to a lactating mom who nurses her husband and adult daughter, etc. The film is so outrageous it garnered some critical praise and established a small cult following. However, with home video quality and a slapdash production, "Visitor Q" just doesn't hold up even as a curiosity. Genitals are blurred out and sanitary appliances clearly visible, make-up is awful, and everything else is amateurish at best. A waste of time. (C-)
I can watch this film over and over again. Joe Pesci plays Vincent LaGuardia Gambini, a Brooklyn lawyer who is asked to defend his cousin and friend from a murder charge in Alabama. Marisa Tomei as Mona Lisa Vito, Vinny's girlfriend, deserved the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, rare for a comedy to even be nominated for anything by AMPAS. I really liked Fred Gwynne as the no-nonsense Judge Chamberlain Haller, a great foil for Joe Pesci's laid back, easy going Brooklyn wise guy. Even his name, Chamberlain Haller, evokes seriousness. A lot of fun, especially the courtroom antics of Pesci. Highly recommended.
I love this version of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. Jeff Goldblum is the best Ichabod Crane I have ever seen. Unfortunately, I have only seen it maybe every other Halloween, shown on various local stations that don't advertise their lineups in the TV guide. Also unfortunately, the film is aging poorly so every year it gets a little fuzzier. But it doesn't feel like Halloween until you see Goldblum's stammering and Adam's apple bobbing and the lovely romance emphasized in this version. I'm crossing my fingers that it will be remastered and put on DVD. Am I crazy? Yes, but I can hope.
One of the best Asian horror remake I was fortunate enough to view the film during the Cannes Film Festival. And it was received by the critics and audiences with open arms. The original film, "Sigaw", was the first Filipino horror for a long time to be very atmospheric. Directed by the original film's director, Yam Laranas, "The Echo" is a very fine and atmospheric film like the original. The changes from the original was obvious and was probably done to expand the character histories. Delivering very frightening chills, "The Echo" is a step up to your average Asian horror remake.
This is one of the most amazing series ever put to film. Specifically.....Krista Allen. She is unbelievably beautiful, and seeing her in all her glory is truly a treat! She's a pretty good actress, too, especially considering that this is one of her first roles. The episodes that feature other actresses in action, rather than Krista, of course, aren't as interesting. But those with Krista are awesome! Again, she is too beautiful for words....you have to see her for yourself. The plot, as if that matters, is kinda cool, with Krista's character, teaching aliens the ways of earthly love. See it if you can.
This is one of my all time favorite movies. The story is heartwarming, and beautiful. Kids will like it for it's comedy and memorable characters. Adults will like it for it's message that beauty is more than skin deep, and love can do miracles. Beauty and The Beast has some of the best music and scoring. Great voice performances, and beautiful animation makes this a really, really, really, really, really good movie. It is just really, really, really really, really, really good In Conclusion: The Second Movie of the Disney Golden Age, and One of the Best Films Ever Made.
Egypt has the same problems as in any other country. The difference with this film is that these problems are laid out bare.This may be unique in Egyptian cinema. Although the film is very good, the director tried too hard to include so much! Every subplot in this movie could have been turned into a film. The only negative thing is the portrayal of the homosexual. Though shown to be kind and sensitive (unlike most characters in the film), it is implied that he had been forced into being gay. Why can't we just expect that some people are just naturally gay!
I just rented this last weekend and it is a bomb. I am so surprised to see Jessica Lange in something like this. This was totally predictable, but nothing really ever happens. The end is pretty evil, but why didn't they build up to it? Gwyneth Paltrow was so bland, and Jonathan Schaech, who smoldered in "The Doom Generation", was even duller(keep in mind, they have very little to work with). Would you believe a baby is born, yet no one bothers to call a doctor? HELLO, plot hole. Go weed the garden, watch a dog grooming contest, ANYTHING but suffer through this one.
I started watching the show out of curiosity and I ended up a fanatic. Great script, great performances, superb directing. The show is a advertisement for both Turkey and Greece. I Give 9/10 and not straight 10 because of the poor Greek Language the actors speak. We had a similar show here in Greece but ours was a drama (with no reason). Yabanci damat changes the spectator's mood. Nazli is unbelievably beautiful and Nikos despite the fact that he is a rookie -I think-(Winner of reality game "Turkiye Academy"????) is doing pretty good. Gongratulations! Rcpjimmy, Heraklion Creta, Greece P.S. Great soundtrack too!
To the average spectator this is agonising viewing that requires concentration, open-mindedness and above all, diligence. But give, and you shall receive, as Philip Groning's monumental production demonstrates. For a monk of the Grande Chartreuse Monastery, located in the French Alps, his chosen life is about seclusion, silence, contemplation, routine, repetition and prayer. Not to mention the daily chores and regular haircuts. The rhythms of life are slowed right down for these holy men of the church, and their devotion to their God, combined with Groning's majestical photography, is utterly awe-inspiring. This astounding documentary challenges the viewer's patience, but, in return, purifies their soul.
The other night a friend stopped by with a copy of The Incorporated. I had never heard of it before and as there were no big names in it I was tempted to watch Seinfeld reruns instead. Wow. I was pleasantly surprised. I'm not an independent film kind of guy. My interests usually lie in the big, Hollywood type films. But this was really good. It had as much action as some of the films I go to the theatre to see. Now my friend says I should see "Life is Beautiful." After hearing about it, I don't think I'm ready for that yet.
I respect this movie because it deals with the problem of landmines in Africa (Angola. It starts out slow but ends with lots of action and has a couple of surprises in it. Dolph and his costar (Claire Stansfield) look really good. There are a couple of problems with the film. One is that Dolph's voice sounds like he had laryngitis during the filming. The other is that the landmine they are in search of is supposed to be very sophisticated technology but is really kind of pathetic. Whether or not you like Dolph or his acting, this movie is relevant and politically correct.
I was really surprised by the lack of any identifiable emotion this movie instilled in me. I think I kept waiting for that magic moment when all the tension, in the form at times of boredom, would break into a mad stirring of passion...or something other than boredom. I don't want to blame this on the actors, since I didn't really see anything wrong with them, but the script had all the strength of a wet grocery sack. It seemed to have potential, and the camera work was well done, but I just never caught on to whatever I was supposed to care about.
I adored this show for the most part. The first season was offbeat, quirky and unique. Catherine Tate and Dawn French are both brilliant as always, and the writing was excellent, managing to create a thoroughly enjoyable black comedy. The second series, however, left something to be desired in my opinion. The writing seemed uneven and flat, and where the first series made you care about the characters, the second leaves you feeling rather unsympathetic. There also seemed to be forced "tender moments" that don't really resonate. However, even the second series is worth watching, and there are definitely some good moments to remember.
my favorite peanuts cartoon with the best music ( me and you, two man crew) and Charlie Brown singing a melancholy tune about Snoopy being gone while putting his head against the wall. The "no dogs allowed" with the voice is great. One of the more sadder animations out there(especially for a Snoopy cartoon) but still very enjoyable. I last saw it on Disney channel many moons ago and wonder why it is not played more often on TV or cable.Great movie and recommended for fans of snoopy and the gang everywhere. watch it with your dog or remember past dogs
Under details for this Television series it says that the location was Walton-on-Thames, however series 1 was mainly filmed in Hersham, Surrey. UK, The church scenes were filmed in St. Peters Church, Hersham, The hall was the Hersham Women's Institute Hall and outdoor scenes were filmed in Hersham. The restaurant scenes were filmed in Cobham Surrey, while Jill's hairdressers was filmed in Byfleet, Surrey. To my knowledge no scenes were actually filmed in Walton-on-Thames! The second series was filmed in Cornwall, UK where there is also a village called Hersham consisting of six houses while the main Hersham has population of some 18,000 people.
When Paris born and raised Bruce meets Rome born and raised Matteo, sparks fly but both are convinced that they are straight. Will they won't they? Matteo seems to love flirting with those "Jared Leto" eyes and loves to fall asleep in Bruce's bed. But, is he flirting because he wants something to happen? Or is he just torturing Bruce? Enjoying twisting the knife as it were? The film is emminantly watchable even if the attitudes seem a bit dated. It reminded me a lot of the scenes of unrequited longing in "The Fourth Man" but without the masterful use of suspense.
While the United States and Japan duke it out during World War II, doctors Otto Kruger (as Jan), Elissa Landi (as Royce), and Donald Woods (as Michael) must sort out their "love triangle." On the strategically located Philippine island of "Corregidor", the good doctors get to see some of the war action. Stock footage is flown in. Of course, Ms. Landi, being a "lady doctor", is protected from viewing "mutilated" corpses. Right. Although it isn't enough to recommend the film, Rick Vallin (as Pinky Mason) and Wanda McKay (as Hey Dutch) are relatively entertaining. "Dedicated to the United States and Philippine Armed Services"
Will we be talking about a "rockumentary" film twenty or thirty years from now featuring performances by "N'Synch", Britney Spears and Red Hot Chili Peppers? I would think probably not. BUT... HERE is a film, though made more than thirty years ago, with performances by some of the greatest artists of their time, many of which are STILL performing today! This film was as close to a religious experience as it could be. I, too, would buy this film, should it become available. And, I, too, ask the question regarding the soundtrack album: WHERE the bloody #$*@&( ~! is CHUCK BERRY?????????
Merbabies was a truly enchanting short. The animation is stunning, with beautiful underwater backgrounds, and fluid movements, and the music was a delight to the ears and was strongly reminiscent of a Tchaikovsky ballet score. The characters, especially the adorable Merbabies, were completely likable and there are some truly entertaining bits, like the part when the seahorse tries to get through the hoop. I will admit, Merbabies is thin in terms of story, and I was saddened when the Merbabies turned to sea foam at the end. Still, it is very beautiful, and I would definitely watch it again. 9/10 Bethany Cox
I watched this movie because I was interested in seeing the story of Audie Murphy, the most decorated soldier in U.S. history. The fact that this movie is based on Audie Murphy's autobiography, and that he stars as himself in the film, added to my interest. I didn't have high pre-expectations, so I was pleasantly surprised while watching this enjoyable film. To Hell and Back is a solid 1950's style WW2 movie, which focuses on the camaraderie of the foot soldier. It is neither pro nor anti-war, as it has a high body, but shows little of the bloodshed or true horror of war.
Dennis the menace only got 4.7. and that is unacceptable. it deserves at least a 16. but you don't give us that option. and that makes you butt faces. Dennis the menace is wonderful. he has a girlfriend named Polly and she is pretty with glasses. there is a scary man. his name is Christopher and he is in back to the future. the story line is glorious. his name is switch blade Sam and he takes apples from little children. we like the movie Dennis the menace, it is fab-u-loud. thank you. sincerely. with greatest concern Joseph Danaher and Erica Eades
What a wonderful film! Basically unknown actors who can act and write and direct!! This film was a pleasure to watch and it made me wonder why they haven't put another film together? The dialog is superb. Such lines as the lead, Tom Bastounes, who also co-wrote the script, saying to his long lost love, played by Monica Zaffarano, "You've haunted me for 15 years. Why don't I haunt you." I saw this movie on Showtime. If you get a chance to view it, do so. As it did me, it will make you say, Bastounes, Zaffarino. Who are these people? Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!!
Dumb and Dumber is the Farrelly Brothers and Jim Carrey at their best. Even the new 'Me, Myself, and Irene' doesn't even come close to generating as many on-the-floor-laughings as I experienced with Dumb and Dumber. I think the main reason is because since the main characters acted so stupid yet nice, you could kind of relate with them and feel closer to them, which means more laughs. I am awaiting a funnier movie from Jim Carrey or the Farrelly Brothers. But maybe, this movie was one of those flukes where everything just worked perfectly and it will never happen again, let's hope not.
In the kind of movie that plays on airplanes, Marlon Brando stars as a crooked business tycoon who loves his Swedish chocolates and Rolodex computer cards. What follows is a thin story about the development and clandestine procurement of a new synthetic industrial material. Brando's nemesis is cop George C. Scott who tries to uncover the truth. Martha Keller co-stars, for what that's worth. Not much going on here. The most interesting scenes are expectedly whenever Brando is on the screen. Best line is when Brando finds a dead frog in his pool and says, "I hope he's got Blue Cross."
This movie combines the best elements of western and war movies. Fantastic cast. Berenger is outstanding as Roosevelt. Who would have thought he would be so good in this role? From his other movies I've seen, this is a totally different type of role for him. And Sam Elliot, Gary Busey, Chris Noth, George Hamilton, and all the rest of the cast are outstanding. Wonderful casting job. What a sleeper this movie is. I can't believe it's out of print, and never even been issued on DVD. Get a used copy if you possible can. You won't be sorry! WW Tampa
This is a great movie and I've seen it on TV. I cannot understand why there is no DVD or video -- except that Vanessa Redgrave once told me that he movie was "banned" in the United States because of her support of the Palestinians. I told her I had seen it on TV and that her last scene at the liberation of Auschwitz was extraordinary. Another reason I liked the movie was that it was the first film even to mention my personal heroine, Mala Zimetbaum, about whom I have written. My story about Mala can be found at: http://www.ideajournal.com/articles.php?id=15
I saw this as a special showing in Memphis, TN. I know the owner of the publishing company and therefore have read this book many times and have recommended it to countless people. This movie was exceptional. Abigail Breslin was just as charming and entertaining as "Little Miss Sunshine" and Drew Fuller did an an amazing job making you believe he truly went through this inspiring story. I left the theatre choked up and feeling warm and relishing in the emotions the movie took me through. I plan on taking everyone I know to see this when it comes out in March.
The Wild Thornberrys is a cause for applause, folks! Anyone who doesn't like it must have mistaken this show for some other thing. Because I can't understand why anyone would dislike this sweet, educational, fun, family-friendly show about a lovable 12-year-old kid with "the gift of gab." What I mean by this is that Eliza can talk to animals, and don't you wish you could, too? I do! It's my totally favorite show, with Rocket Power in close second, and As Told By Ginger in third. Other than that, I don't watch too much TV. Anyway, I'm going off on a tangent.
Some friends & I found "Polish Vampire" on the video shelves one night over ten years ago, and it's tribute to simplistic humor and silly sound effects inspired us to create a series of films ourselves - which, should any of us ever decide to run for congress, you'll no doubt see. I found a copy of "Polish Vampire" on E-Bay, got some of the old gang together and we laughed at the same jokes and silly sounds of Dupah's stomach growling. We abstained this time from making more films, but all decided that "Polish Vampire" is, like, comedy for the ageless, for sure.
Expecting a sophisticated take on a Philip Dick story from Steven Spielberg is like expecting a gourmet meal at McDonalds. Spielberg proves he's completely inadequate to take on the nuances and depth of the source material with his flash-but-no-substance approach. Tom Cruise ably proves he's an incredibly weak actor who has no range or depth. The script is pretty good and could have been made into a fabulous film in the hands of a capable director like Soderbergh. But as it stands, it's utterly mediocre and derivative and, most important, astoundingly forgettable with the sub-par talents of Cruise and Spielberg.
This has been a family favorite for years ! It also has waited that long to become part of our movie collection. DVD would be nice Mr. Turner (Hint, Hint) even if in a second movie collection ( FULL versions of Man in the White Suit, The Horses Mouth + All at Sea). Yes, although listed at IMDB as 'Barnacle Bill' it's actual release title is "All at Sea" this story of a sea sick sailor made hero tickles the funny bone and warms the heart. This delightful movie can be shown to all ages something we sorely miss with most of today's films.
I saw this a little while ago in the heyday of the "Hong Kong" craze. Me, I'm a purist. I love Woo, Hark, Lam. But this little gem is one that has stayed with me after all these years. Performances and action are leagues above any American action movie in the past 20 years. Hong Kong/China are where the best action movies come from. No wonder America is stealing all their actors and remaking their movies. At times comical. At times James Bond. This Hong Kong working of the plot from "Sneakers" is one that is definitely worth tracking down. 10/10
I found this movie entertaining. From the reviews I've read thus far it seems I was one of the few who felt this way. Many of the reviewers on this site have been jaded by the big budget Hollywood epic. The funny thing is that these same reviewers are the first ones to lament about the dearth of fresh ideas found in modern cinema. I watch movies to be entertained, not to rush back to the IMDb forums to eviscerate the works of others. I don't normally post my comments on IMDb, but felt this movie to unfairly criticized.
I thought this was an excellent movie. I give it 10 out of 10 stars. Everything about it is great, acting, directing, production, script, music and storyline. Spoilers Herein The treatment in some of these women's prisons is unacceptable. They are criminals but they should still be treated humanly. Correcting people is not treating them nasty and doing inhuman things to them like in this movie. These things include rape, abuse, sodomy, the use of torture equipment and special privileges and gifts in exchange for sexual favors. This is extremely wrong. Kudos to the cast, crew and filmmakers. Two Thumbs Way Up!
Starcraft is a definite winner for one of the best RTS (real time strategy) games. Fantastic graphics and are put to scale; not like other try-hard games like Tiberian Sun (which I might add was released one year after yet it was worse!) The storyline is fantastic, from the Zerg, to the Protoss and the Terran, it will keep you wanting to find out more as you complete missions. All units have at least three different sounds that are produced and the music is fantastic (eg. a different track for each race). *THIS IS THE GAME TO BUY! STARCRAFT BY BLIZZARD 100/10*
'Tokyo 10+01' has a promising start, introducing colorful characters who will be involved in a game of death. The soundtrack was decent too. However, the film goes downhill due to poor special effects and poor spoof jokes. The title of the film is a spoof of Ocean's Eleven (2001) and there were some references to Brad Pitt in the beginning of the film. Overall, it was unbearable to watch even though the runtime is only 70 minutes. If you are looking for good spoof films, I recommend Spaceballs (1987) and Kung Pow (2002). Please stay away from 'Tokyo 10+01'. Mao points: 2/10
This has to be the most well done Canadian film I've ever seen. The acting was marvelous; the directing was beautiful and the story was very original and realistically hilarious. Everything in this film seemed like it was done so subtly, which it gave such a realistic portrayel of the late 60s/early 70s. There was something wonderful about this film. It just seemed so authentic. I don't know what else to say about it; I guess you just got to see it for yourself. It was just such a warm story ---> even with all the depressing aspects it had. 8/10
This is was my first feature film where I portrayed Alex as Salma's husband. It was the greatest experience I ever had working on the set of "Bong Connection". It helped me a lot to understand the procedure of film-making and to gain more experience from other actors involved. I would like to thank Peeya and Samrat for giving me the chance to spend some time with them during their time in Houston. My special thanks to Anjan Dutt, the director and Joy, the producer for giving me the opportunity to be in their film. Thanks for casting me.
Miami Vice was a brilliant TV Series with great acting from Don Johnson and Phillip Michael Thomas. Great story lines and amazing scenery, like Crockett's Ferrari Daytona. From Drug Lord's to Porn King. Crockett and Tubbs will get there criminals. Whether by boat, car or any other way you could think of. Sometimes it gets personal but their still professional. With Boat races, car chases, beach babes, shootouts and the best views Miami has to offer. Miami Vice Also shows the fragility of life. With life, death, love, honour and friendships tested in the mind boggling adventures of Sonny Crockett and Raphael Tubbs
This movie is so bad so I LOVE it!!! I recommend this movie because it is so wonderful in many ways. It can't be described in words it must be seen to understand how funny it really is, and the music is wonderful to, Ahh nostalgia!!! Highly recommended íf you like action with the cool touch! A peace of Rambo A Hero And a coolness that can't be described in words! Ohh Yeahh! See it! love it! dig it! And if you really like it, Buy it so you can see it many times, it's great!
Almost a documentary, this is a very well made biography of director Ann Marie Fleming's great grand-father. As a view into a period it enlightens so many disparate historical events; it seems Sam was an global perambulator, sometimes skirting and sometimes being involved in many geopolitical happenings, but always in pursuit of his work and his loves. The format mix of film, interviews, comic book cutouts and animation holds interest over the hour and a half of run time. We get a strong sense of who this man was, and are only left to wonder why we didn't know more about him already.
Yes, it ignores most of Europe and the rest of the worlds contributions, but for what it is, it's just lovely. It's an introduction to the art of cinematography in American movies, with clips and comments from the greats about American film from birth till 1990 or so, when it was made. Some of the cinematographers are humble and self-effacing, some clearly have large egos, but they all obviously love and care deeply about film and film making. This is a terrific film to show your children, a behind the scenes that is informative rather than salacious or snarky. Highly recommended.
After having seen films like Bend It Like Beckham, Bollywood/Hollywood, American Desi seemed like familiar territory but nevertheless a very one. For those who think the film is cliched, they didn't get it. Because it is meant to give those cliches a humorous look. The humor in the film is very well done. Instead of having an offensive or critical view of anything in particular, the film takes more of a funny spin on things. There are oddities and stereotypes in every culture; the film tries to give the american and desi cultures a bit of a homage, with a chuckle of course. 8/10.
In case of movies that were commented by a lot of users, it might work, but to give 5.8 for this movie when out of 40 votes (at present) only 3 was below seven, and 42% voted this movie 10, it is really not working. This movie is simply great, beautiful, moving, I loved it with my all heart as a child and cried together with the other kids in the kindergarten...I don't repeat the story, but this is really a uniquely nice movie and it is really a shame that it seems to be some 5.8 crap only because of this weighted rating.
Much better than I expected, especially for the paltry $500K it was suppose to cost. Compared to other movies without big dollars or big names, it was much better than those were. But the content was what I really enjoyed. I loved how they treated the subject. Neale Donald Walsch was surprisingly very good as the lead actor! The direction kept the movie fast paced and all of the plot elements were covered by the end. some of my friends wanted it to go on. I would have liked to have a bit more background on the Indigo children too.
Started out to seem like one of those exploitation fliks lots of naked ladies, dodgy doctors, even dodgier prison warders, yes this is what happens in the first half hour or so, but actually it turns out to have a fairly good ,if not basic, story line. No surprises,obvious out-come, but ok acting bearing in mind it must have been made for about £250. Goes on to have a moral deciding theme, do you go by the rules or do you break them? Give this film a go, if you are male you will probably love it, if you are female....I'm not so sure.
After seeing this film, I can't stop thinking about how differently it's made me view our customs and our world. I see close ties to the film and the postmodernist philosophy of "truth being relative" and find myself often questioning why things are the way they are. This surreal comedy pokes fun at our tastes, upper class, parenting, government, desires, expectations, and everyday rituals. It often provides a dreamlike feel to it because it shifts absurd situations and scenes so quickly. I recommend this extremely thought-provoking, often over-the-top comedy to anyone who currently feels that we're all taking trivial things a bit too seriously!
This film merges the embarrassed meeting the in-laws thread of comedy with the black vs white culture shock school of thought, and does a decent job of blending them. There are a lot of laughs together with a subtext about colour not mattering, while at the same time trading on those differences, thus enabling the film to have its cake and eat it. It's not a classic film and never will be, but the principals all do very well in delivering characters who are believable and convey touchingly the emotional consequences of some of the problems which occur. Well worth watching.
I have just finished watching this great movie....fortunately with the English Subtitles. I think its a masterpiece by Theo. Beautiful story, strong characters, captivating scenery, breath taking music and ultimately of cource great production.Its a long movie and the start might be a bit boring but as the story progresses it will hold your attention I recommend this movie if you are looking for some sensitive piece of art. Though there is quite a lot of tragedy in it but it does give a glimpse of the life of Greek immigrants of that time and the horrors of war. Two Thumbs Up...........
This thoroughly entertaining movie has two intertwined story lines: a talented Navy doctor (Ken Wahl) trying to save lives while coping with the challenges of working in a war zone, and his involvement with a talented nurse (Cheryl Ladd). Other reviewers have already commented on the superb photographic artistry, so I'll just say that, more than 20 years after first seeing it, what still stands out in my mind is its ending. It's astonishing that (as of June, 2006), Purple Hearts still has not been released on DVD. Until then, you still may be able to rent or buy it on VHS.
This film is the perfect definition of a masterpiece. A good story (not so different from others of the same period) perfectly developed by Lang, restless, intense, beautifully played by the characters, with a memorable end. I will always remember the image of Henry Fonda (outstanding as ever!) blaming of his fate to Sylvia Sydney just by looking at her and framed by the little window of the visiting room of the prison; it reminded me to the speechless films of Lang where all the dialogues were replaced by the looking of the characters. No words and so much being told: pure art.
Lightweight romantic comedy, but Sir Ralph Richardson's last film and the only movie featuring BOTH Sir John Gielgud and Sir Ralph Richardson. Plus, Susan Brooks is adorable as the girl. I'm usually unaffected by romantic comedy, but I really enjoyed this film when I caught it late night many years ago on a cable channel. An American college student is invited to his rich English roommate's wedding and of course falls in love with the prospective bride. Cleverly written and well-acted. Amazingly, this movie doesn't appear in any of the film reference books, I've seen and it is doubtless not available on home video...
To me, this is the best movie ever. I could watch it over and over again for a thousand times! The scene, the characters, the dialogues, the situation, the colors, the feeling! Ah, that sweet nostalgia! And the whole movie mixed with an elegant little comedy. This film is truly the one to give you joy and courage through life. I guess you need to be able to receive the feeling that just comes from this movie. Anyone who has seen a peaceful little Middle-European town would appreciate this movie. Anyone who hasn't can do it with this film. Go out and get it!
I love the old movies. Although the frame story is - beyond all doubt - not excellent, the movie is worth 10 points in my opinion because it shows the wonderful skaters of the legendary Vienna Ice Revue. Austrian and European Champion Eva Pawlik who lost her Olympic Gold Medal only against Canada´s sweetheart Barbara Ann Scott is brilliant not only as a skater but also as an actress. There is no doubt that the other actors having learned how to act on stage and in a movie are not really better. It would have been more difficult for them to skate...
This is a great animated feature film.It was so cool to see He-Man and She-Ra and Skeletor and Hordak together!I loved it when He-Man and She-Ra did their transformation after each other near then! That was wonderful!I loved that!Most of the characters from both series' were in the film and the music was great as always!If you like He-Man and She-Ra then watch this masterpiece.In My opinion this was one of the greatest animated features ever!Just like the series' its a classic and I think it'll be hard for something to top this!I really love this movie and I don't think you'll be disappointed!
I like horror movies. Guess what, this wasn't one. Bad acting, bad plot, bad everything. Do not rent this movie. Trust me. Bad make up, bad hair bad bad bad. The only good thing about it was some of its truths about paganism, but other than that. The only reason why I picked it up in the first place was because of its cover. Ten minutes into the movie you could already see where it was going. (MINOR SPOILER)**** The ending,(which I'm surprised I stayed awake to see) was unpredictable and just plain stupid. Sorry, but that's the truth. Again don't get this movie.
i honestly expected something a little less amateur and experimental as this film seems to be... it even had the bonus of adding some of the original film's actors, but it simply went wrong. poor dialogues, poor acting and very very poor makeup... the first 10 minutes can't mistake you, it's going to be that bad! there's no likable characters, Allan (the main character (???))can't even gather sympathy nor pity, he's simply loathsome and all the other characters... well, envy and hate can't justify their behaviour and we're left with no explanation for their actions. watch it for yourselves, if you can...
This is without a doubt the worst film I've seen since Boxing Helena. It really is that bad. I can only begin to imagine why it has a decent IMDb score (friends and family of the film-makers?). I cannot imagine anybody enjoying this film, so banal is the script and so lacking is the plot. After (roughly) the 20 minute mark, the film has become so utterly, irredeemably rubbish that one is forced to consider whether it is intentional and intended as a form of challenging art rather than as a linear film. Terrible, terrible film. Avoid like the plague.
This is a confused and confusing adaptation, wherein stylish minimalism substitutes for story and meaningless special effects replace plot elements until the story is more or less completely gone. A key plot event, for example, entails utterly unexplained and un-anticipatable magical powers being deployed, where Andersen's original invokes more poignant and symbolically instructive natural cycles. The writers of this adaptation transform a story with powerful symbolic resonance into a bad Saturday morning cartoon. Instead of this I strongly recommend you seek out some version of the 1959 Lev Atmotov / Nikolai Fyodorov adaptation, which preserves the symbolic power of Andersen's material.
When a "Christmas movie" contains the line "Santa, you suck" and M-rated video game carnage in the first half-hour, you know it's time to check out. Cheap, tacky sets and costumes, atrocious "in-jokes" about other Xmas specials, and no observable comedy anywhere in sight. When you add in the really inappropriate language and visuals, as well as a complete lack of fun, well even my 4-year-old lost interest very quickly. Besides, Chris Kattan's disgusting pinkeye infection was making it hard to pay attention to anything else but how inflamed his eye was! Seriously, in HD, you could almost feel the burn yourself!
What the hell was THAT all about? That HAD to be the most DISJOINTED, UNEXCITING, SORRY excuse for a movie that I've seen in a long time. I understand the concept, and I actually believe in another plane of existence. But this movie did nothing to bolster those beliefs. Actually, I'm not REALLY sure WHAT the movie was trying to tell us, except that sometimes you just have to let GO! JEEZ! I thought George Clooney was acceptably attractive, and LOVED the character of Snow. Very quirky, ala Dennis Hopper in Apocolypse Now. But WOW! Enough's enough already. Bottom line . . . BORING!
This film is a travesty. I don't even understand why they decided to term this a zombie movie. The 'things' in this film were as similar to zombies as I am. Everything about this film was awful. The acting was just shocking. The effects were painfully bad. The story was a joke and the dialogue...What can I say about the dialogue..words fail me, they really do. Im usually a huge fan of low budget horror but this was beyond the pale. If you are a fan of zombie films stay away from this terrible film. Its a disgrace to the genre.
Save your money if you're looking for a good haunted house flick. This isn't even a bad haunted house movie... it's just a bad movie. I was bored 15 minutes in, and it never got any better. First of all, the direction is poor, as is the cinematography... it looks poorly done and cheap... there's a story, if you stay awake to follow it. It sure doesn't move quickly. If you're looking to be creeped out, stay away. If you're watching because your class is reading the story... well then tell your teacher that the class should read a more interesting Henry James story.
"Luck of the Draw" is a very ordinary B-movie quality not-to-be-taken-seriously action/drama flick. The film includes a hero, a babe, a bunch of heavies, and a couple of T-men who are all involved in various schemes to get a pair of $100 counterfeit plates. The plot is somewhat clumsy and convoluted. The drama is substandard given the film's solid cast of perennial bad guys. The action is little more than a couple of ordinary shootouts. The sexsationalism is virtually nonexistent. The art and technicals are average. The film is not counter fit but is a passable small screen watch for crime flick buffs. (C-)
Rightfully atrocious. "Orinoco-Prison Of Sex" (a.k.a. "Escape From Hell") was an Italian-Spanish women-as-slaves-on-a-South-American-island-who-revolt thing, brought stateside in 1985, christened with a new title and spiced with fresh footage of Linda Blair as a vengeful "ex-employee". Those looking for some hot nude scenes and/or violent confrontations between sexy women in loincloths are bound to be disappointed (the Italian footage is dark, muddy and unerotic, not to mention coy--it cuts away at the best parts). As for Blair, she's amusing packing heat, ordering her ex-captor around with a snarl, "Quit your blubbering!" But, alas, Linda is once again stuck in a turkey. NO STARS from ****
I saw this movie for about one month ago, and i thought it was the worst rubbish i've ever seen. If you it compare with the masterpiece "The lion king" this movie isn't eaven worth to be called a follow up. I want to believe that this is different movie, which has nothing to do with the first.In my opinion the film was probably made because of money, nothing else.The kids like it perhaps, because they often like all kind of cartoons, either it is rubbish or not. The story is almost the same.Bad music and boring. Maybe some funny jokes, but that's all.
Short review for an undeserving film...I'll try to write ten lines, but I am desperately trying to work out how on Earth to waste that much effort on this movie! This movie has it all. Bad CGI, bad screenplay, bad story, bad acting, bad dialog, bad characterisation. Generally bad but with a redeeming 'it's so bad it's good vibe'. Great for a comedown Sunday when you're brain is shot to bits, but that's it. Check out the polystyrene snow that seems to brain everyone every five minutes. Maybe it's so easy as they're brains are so weak and tiny. Ben
Horror movies buffs will be very disappointed with this flick.It is never never frightening,and the derivative screenplay borrows from "the exorcist" "Rosemary's baby" "the tenant" "the omen" and more.The first scenes ,notably the moment when the young couple enters their brand new flat (complete with a fountain in the yard) where a man committed suicide directly comes from Ira Levin/Roman Polanski 's story.All in all it is rather a -very soft -erotic movie where Lisa B. tries her best to be at once sexually attractive and threatening.The lines are very vulgar and use the word "f...." a lot more than they should.Do not bother.
The high rating @IMDB made me watch that movie - and I am *very* disappointed. It is shallow, plain and predictable! While one must assume that this was intended to be that way, the movie still turned the corner towards "cheesy" way too hard. Really... waaaaaayyyy too hard. Actually, my brain felt violated and offended. However, there are two person I enjoyed somehow: Old Joe (Andy Griffith) and Shelly herself (as "Dawn", especially when she confessed about her new boyfriend). "Earl" was another character more interesting (I like Jeremy Sisto). Résumé : maybe one should be a woman to enjoy that movie?
Speaking from a tweener's own experience, I found this movie to be an absolute waste of my time. I spare no expense in saying that there was nothing redeeming about this movie... not to mention, an overabundance of poor, no... abominable acting "talent." Everyone says that this has gay references and stereotypes all around... they're not kidding. The point I'm trying to get across is simply this: I'm thankful that no one had to endure this treatment in high school... especially when it's portrayed so poorly! Regretfully, I can't give this a zero with the stars, but I can in numbers! 0/10
I admit that I was drawn to this film by Maltin's (negative) review ("bloody, gory Western"), wondering if it could be so explicit. Well, there are many killings here, but you barely get to see any blood. Mainly, this is just an improbable, formula Western tale of revenge. Lee Van Cleef is the sadistic villain, and perhaps he had played a few too many sadistic villains by that point; he has no flair here. Early on, there is a scene so laughably bad, involving an obvious stock shot of a scorpion, that it destroys the film's credibility, and the film never regains it. (*1/2)
I've seen plenty of horrible movies in my life but this one takes the cake. I want everyone to see this though, for a laugh. I still don't understand what the f'n thing was about. Cell phones were important in this film, that's what the "plot" of the movie centered around. Other than that I'm at a loss. I can't imagine that a script was written for this. I'm quite sure a few people turned on a couple of cameras and yelled "do something". That's has to be what making this moving entailed. Cable access is quality compared to this piece of junk.
Editing is an art. This flic needs an editor with better qualifications. the story line jumps like a frog and you are expected to pick up the gaps. both gay boys are really cute and have considerable talent in the construction of their posteriors. this is an eye candy movie for the rice set. the fa* hag is just as she always is filmed, neurotic, lonely and by one vile q**een UGLY. The straight family is all the standards: Jewish mother, accepting niece, angry, loveless marriage woman. What recommends it is if you want to view the daily life of 2001 Nippons.
What a disappointment after the first one. I guess when they put part 2 on a movie it usually is bad. Well, this one is choppy, and by the end of the film one can not believe they sat through this. I argued with my friend Fred about this one, but he could not change my mind. I found the Karate, which is trade mark for his films, not that great. Well, I guess we can see why he's on TV now, the steam started to run out in his film career. Good luck Chuck, I hate seeing you in Turkeys like this one.
I frequently receive free movies passes at my place on employment so I get to see lots of movies that I normally couldn't bring myself to pay for. "Slap Her, She's French" is the type of film that I would have been very, very angry/embarrassed if I had paid to see it. If you took every bland, unoriginal American comedy and removed the two or three funny lines you would have "Slap Her, She's French". This film is nothing but a waste of your precious time. The only positive thing about this movie is the fact that the lead actress is reasonably attractive.
In fact, it's so bad, it's good. Well, it has it's own entertainment value, anyway. This movie is a catastrophe, and a spectacular one at that. The acting, the fx, the camera, the sound... anything you can think of, really. In that respect, it's a true gem, a keeper. If you come across it, don't miss the chance to see it! I was a bit undecided whether I should give Cobra Force a 1 or a 10, but since this film is only unintentionally funny, I'm compelled to give it a 1. But hey, I'd see it again! Best viewed with friends.
I love watching horrible movies in general. From Shaq to Manos to ninja movies, I almost always cry from laughter. Not this time. This movie was not even close to funny bad, it was just painful. It was boring, except for the few fighting scenes, and the plot (whatever there was of it) made NO sense. The climax is utterly inexplicable, and I wouldn't mind if someone could explain exactly what it was all about. The scenes showing ridiculous ninja powers (eg, flight and toxic barf) are hilarious, but far too few to save this movie. I'll never watch it again.
And by that I mean the now almost countless bad TV shows with directors who think shaking the camera at everything is cute. NYPD Blue started that awful trend, and while NYPD Blue was strangely still a hit (but not as big at it would have been had it been well shot!) thanks to its great writing in the first season, its progeny is stinking up the airwaves. Film is an art form and doing that with the camera makes a mockery out of it. A sad legacy for Steven Bochco who should be remembered from the epically well-produced L.A. Law.
WOW! This movie is absolutely terrible; the directors took a dumpy, low-budget film WAY too seriously. I mean, c'mon, with all the misplaced CGI blood, horrible acting (the best performance came from the bear) and continuity errors, you'd swear this was done to give you a good laugh... Mind you, I did miss the very start of the movie, however once I was involved, I also took notes of things throughout the movie (mainly pertaining to survival given the circumstances) and figured I may as well post them. I'll leave out any that have already been covered. (to be continued below)
I love Stephen King - I read most of his books (not this one)and there are some good (and of course some bad) Stephen King movies! But this movie is really really bad! Made by Lawrence Kasdan and starring some fine actors like Morgan Freeman, Damien Lewis, Tom Sizemore...I expected at least an entertaining movie; but it isn't even that! The acting is poorly, the story seems...... lost in the storm and the special effects look rather silly. The only advise I can give anybody who hasn't seen this movie yet is: try READING THE BOOK because this movie is awful!
compared to the TV series,this thing is crap.i couldn't get through it,i was so bored.it's just not exciting.there's no real suspense or excitement,at least up to the point i watched.that's really surprising,given the quality of the series.it takes place after season six,and before season seven,so i guess it's a season seven prequel.if you can get through it,i would recommend it,as it does fill in some gaps between the sixth and seventh season.i only know this,because in some scenes they allude to events that must have happened in the movie.for me,though it was just too difficult to get through.my vote for 24:Redemption is a 4/10
Slightly longer than a fifteen minute seminary video. Just as bad, just as cheesy, just as predictable. The bad kids really are not that bad, the kid who falls doesn't really fall that far, you know...all the clichés. Still, like most LDS films (Seminary and mainstream), the acting is mediocre, the scenery is always Provo (are there any other mountains in the world that can be used as background), and you start looking at your watch. Avoid the movie. Yes, he does go on a mission (as if you couldn't guess) and does get the girl. That's all you need to remember.
Of the 30 or so Hitchcock films I've seen so far, this was by far my least favorite. It has some rare Hitchcock touches, as with the superimposed "candidates" in the chair (I loved it when Minta sat down to take their place). Overall I found it predictable and boring, and entertaining only in spots. I knew pretty much exactly what was going to happen as soon as they started making the list. Still, it serves as a window into the world of 70+ years ago, and is an interesting glimpse into the early career of the greatest director who has ever lived.
To say that Jodorowsky uses symbolism in this film is an understatement. There is no plot; it's all symbolism, a Biblical allegory exploring themes that only Jodorowsky and his fans can appreciate. The script, if it could be called that, is amateurish and pointless, featuring random acts of violence, which veers from silly to repellent. The self-indulgent Jodorowsky may be called a poor man's Sergio Leone, but doing so would be an insult to the Italian master. The acting is uniformly terrible, including Jodorowsky himself in the title role, a la The Man With No Name. Films like this give surrealism a bad name.
I didn't like this Episode at all!!! It was a good idea to make an episode with Kelso as narrator and the salt-bunny is hilarious...but...Why??? Why the Iraq??? Come on, did they really had to chime in??? It was nothing new, nothing that didn't appear in thousands of other TV-shows etc. before. I want the "poo-musical" back!!! I think the musical-episode was the best so far. So it's very disappointing to have this episode to follow. I'm really disappointed by this episode and i'm hoping that the next one will be better....which should not be so hard!!!
Writer-director Blake Edwards helmed this disappointingly flaccid fictional murder mystery featuring true-life players. Miscast Bruce Willis is entirely inappropriate as silent screen cowboy Tom Mix, here befriending James Garner's Wyatt Earp and together solving a baffling Hollywood murder. Edwards' screenplay, from an original treatment by Rod Amateau, has a fun set-up, and Garner is certainly game, so why isn't this a galloping romp with suspenseful underpinnings? Could be due to Edwards' lackluster direction, the mostly uninterested supporting players, or the ham-handed attempts at nostalgia. Too bad; this scenario, with Mix and Earp in Lotus Land, had promise. Unfortunately, "Sunset" fades fast. *1/2 from ****
I picked this up in a cheap DVD dump bin, having remembered it from childhood - and wow has it dated. There's very little to smile at anymore! Two poms with bad comedic timing bumble around with a plank, encountering stereotype after stereotype including an equally bumbling Constable Plod who is more interested in picking up than anything. It's really only relevant today as an historical snapshot (much like the Australian film JEDDA) - a museum piece, if you will. Slapstick has been done far better than this. 2/10 for its quasi-charm (though even that was more annoying than charming after 3 minutes!)
When I first read about this film I thought I would enjoy, It looked offbeat and has an excellent cast. I was wrong, what I got was a boring, pointless mess of a movie. I think the problem was actually Redford's directing, everything seemed so boring and out of place. The only unique thing about this film was the casting, not to say that most of the actors werent miscast, because they were but Redford put unknown actors in the lead, and "name" actors in smaller supporting roles, I thought that was an interesting touch. Overall a very lame movie. *1/2 out of *****.
This is a strange, lukewarm chiller that arguably for the first time in the movies has a corpse telling the story of her mysterious death by way of flashbacks from a lab in cold storage. This is also the only movie that Bela Lugosi played in that was released in color. The mysterious green mask that keeps appearing in the window does fit into the weird story line. Albeit this 65 minute mystery/drama is more odd than horror. Beside Lugosi, very familiar faces show up in the cast: George Zucco, Roland Varno and Nat Pendleton are aided by Molly Lamont and Gladys Blake.
I hate this movie. It is a blatant attempt to rip off "Die Hard", and fails miserably. Some guy is in a building killing everyone. We don't know anything about him, we don't know his motivation, he just apparently wants to kill people. So we have a woman trapped in a building with a killer and MONKEYS. And all this has to fill a couple of hours. The plot has serious credibility problems, and the ending is stupid and pointless. Avoid this movie unless you have seen all the other movies about people trapped in a building. Even Anna Nicole Smith's "Skyscraper" is better.
Two English girls on a biking holiday ride through a rural portion of France, populated exclusively by sinister people. Somewhat too cleverly plotted film, with a huge red herring: one of the main characters acts in a completely irrational way simply to create confusion for the audience and lead into a kind of trick ending. Perhaps Cathy's extreme reticence is meant to be typical British reserve, but she eventually seems too self-possessed to be credible. And why bother to move the victim, when the entire location is so remote? Granted, it's well-directed and suspenseful throughout, but once it's over, the irrationalities undercut the accomplishment.
This is just another movie in that well-trodden genre of "Mysterious aliens intend to take over the planet". It adds a unique twist or two to the plot, but nothing you couldn't have predicted in the first reel. Plot: so-so. Effects: basically non-existent. Characters: With the exception of the detective, nobody you'll really care much about. If you need some sci-fi background noise, this movie will do just fine. But if you're looking for entertainment, you'd do far better to go outside and watch the birds. By the way: CD-RW discs are silver, not green/blue. The green/blue ones can't be re-written.
Michael Dudikoff stars as Mac, a Vietnam vet(Isn't Mikey Dudikoff too young to be a Vietnam vet?) who is blackmailed by a high school nerd(Dorff) to help track down the kidnapped girl of his dreams (Ami Dolenz) in this low budget effort. I remember actually seeing previews for this on late night TV, naturally this didn't do all that well in theaters. I think the problem is that Rescue Me often times feels like a sitcom rather than an action/comedy. There are some moments between Dudikoff and Dorff but mainly any depth is betrayed by the mindless antics here. *1/2 out of 4-(Poor)
This film is based on another film! It's a bad starting point. Now the worst thing is that the original one is far better than this copy. It's much a copy than a "based on" kind of thing. Don't waste your time and see the original, more details of original movie (Nueve Reinas): http://www.IMDb.com/title/tt0247586/ with 7,6/10 IMDb votes (over 3500 votes) This film is based on another film! It's a bad starting point. Now the worst thing is that the original one is far better than this copy. It's much a copy than a "based on" kind of thing.
Most of this movie is the sort of mindless melodrama Hollywood and Paris produced in abundance in the 1930s. The acting is all fine, but the story is strictly from hunger. At the end, however, you get to see Josephine Baker in a major production number, the sort of musical extravaganza that made her a star in Paris. There, for five minutes, you understand that she was a lot more than just a woman in a banana skirt. Watch the rest of the movie if you're into melodrama. But definitely watch the end. It explains the French reputation of Josephine Baker.
This is a cheap, lackluster Spaghetti western that never manages to develop any suspense. The director has no style, the acting is stiff, and the action scenes are poorly shot. In fact, the photography is bad overall. Some say this is an influence on "High Plains Drifter", but in fact it is yet another rip off of Leone's films and "Django". I say skip this film and go rent "The Great Silence". That's a much more interesting Spaghetti Western from about the same time. Better yet, rent "Keoma". "Django the Bastard" has some of the right elements, but it is just too derivative.
I hated this movie. It is quite possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Part of my problem with it is the clever ending. Part of my problem with it is the typical Hollywood sympathetic portrayal of the Saintly AIDS-stricken Homosexual Wise Man. Part of my problem with it is that I just don't like Wesley Snipes much as an actor; to me, the same arrogant personality is present in every movie I've seen him in. Part of it was some extremely cheesy dialog meant to establish his wife's character: Wesley: "But, Honey, the kids...." Ming-na: "F*** the kids, I'm coming!"
It's like the worst parts of every Godzilla movie decided to combine with Power Rangers and form the biggest load of idiocy ever to hit my TV screen. The moment I saw people in jetpacks shooting at a fireball-spewing plastic dinosaur with machine guns, I recruited about 5 friends via telephone and instant messenger to gape in awe over how awful this was. It was a laugh riot, not over the movie being funny (because it wasn't) but more over the fact that such a piece of crap was even being aired. Painfully bad in every way, not even worth paying for a rental.
It was probably a funny idea at one time to spoof the Friday the 13th films by making Jason a nebbish man full of self-doubt. The fact is that the FT13th films are unintentionally funny on their own, this film tries to be more satirical and the whole thing collapses under its own intentions. The gore is even grosser than most FT13th films, and the violence is rather cruel, especially the final murder. There are no funny lines here, or suspense, just another case where the special effects budget was more than the screenplay budget. Pass the hockey mask and give this a 1.
This has got the be one of the least entertaining movies I've seen. Absolutely never ever had as little a shy smile on my face, there just aren't any jokes worth laughing about in this movie. Both Vince and Jennifer's characters are not appealing to me. They are flat, undimensional and tiresome. The antics shown are also completely un-inspired. I was very disappointed by this movie. The only thing I found refreshing, and here be spoilers, is that at the end, very UN-American, they don't get back together again. But that isn't enough to warrant this movie a viewing.
If you like Bullit, well, you'll find the same stuff here : a good cop doing his job whose colleagues are often corrupted. Great. I remember how Steve McQueen used his gun in "Bullit" : he didn't shoot even once. Here, the actor and director Fred Williamson kills quite the whole city, to get evidences of stuff we don't understand clearly. The bad point is that it is a bad movie. The good point is that it's so low budget that takes are not done again when an actor reads his script on paper or when others start to laugh in a crucial moment...
I started out liking this film, with its fine cast and hippy-dippy Argo City, but the film eventually gets so boring and goes on and on and on.. Especially on the "director's cut" DVD - it has 30 minutes of extra stuff that should have stayed out. If this film were skillfully edited down to about 1.5 hours it would be bearable, but some of the lines are pretty stupid, and the Dunaway character is no more than a cardborad cutout villain, with a pointless Brenda Vaccarro running around squawking about nothing. Watch this and you will enter a Phantom Zone - of boredom...
I was really looking forward to seeing this one: the trailer I'd seen promised much. Even the music sounded good. Sigh. With the exception(s) of two very lyrical dream sequences, there's absolutely nothing to recommend here. HAKAIDER calls to mind the American version of the GUYVER manganime, by way of ROBOCOP (which was itself nothing more than a thinly-veiled rip-off of the 2000 A.D. strip, JUDGE DREDD). Unlike ZEIRAM (or ZEIRAM 2) or TETSUO or any of a number of other well-done live-action anime, HAKAIDER offers nothing more than the aforementioned dream sequences; the rest is sound and fury signifying absolutely nothing. A major disappointment.
"A Day with the Boys" by Clu Gulager follows a group of boys as they are playing war games of childhood.The boys are only playing:burying the adult character/businessman alive after quick execution.Suddenly the camera is panning to reveal that they have killed others.The grave of the victim is marked with his suitcase and there are three similar graves marked with their own deceased occupants' emblems:an umbrella,a basket and a child's doll.Gorgeously photographed by Laszlo Kovacs "A Day with the Boys" looks like a painting with freeze-frames and dissolving images.The innocent darkness within children is stunningly revealed.An unsettling and poignant work of art.9 out of 10.
The Monk television series is one of the most original, refreshing, and well-cast shows I have ever seen. Monk and Sherona are terrific together; excellent chemistry. I do not know if new shows are being filmed and aired, but I certainly hope so. I stay up late on Friday nights to catch "Monk" on USA and enjoy it tremendously. Last night's episode about the murderous marathon runner was fantastic, and I laughed out loud at Monk's antics on the jogging trail while he tries out the new running shoes given to him by his "guru." I love the show, including the whole cast. Thank you!
An extraordinarily vibrant and engaging Neo-Realist film in truly magnificent color (Ferraniacolor!). Pontecorvo's first feature is an emotionally powerful film, driven by his usual, but earnest political and sociological motivations. Yves Montand's fisherman Squarciù is an obstinate and sometimes inflexible soul, yet the passion of his convictions and his love and concerns for his family, redeem him in the end. LA GRANDE STRADA AZZURRA - THE WIDE BLUE ROAD, is soon to be released on DVD by Milestone Films and Video, thanks especially to Jonathan Demme and Dustin Hoffman who absolutely love this film and helped to finance its restoration for theatrical American release.
An extraordinarily vibrant and engaging Neo-Realist film in truly magnificent color (Ferraniacolor!). Pontecorvo's first feature is an emotionally powerful film, driven by his usual, but earnest political and sociological motivations. Yves Montand's fisherman Squarciù is an obstinate and sometimes inflexible soul, yet the passion of his convictions and his love and concerns for his family, redeem him in the end. LA GRANDE STRADA AZZURRA - THE WIDE BLUE ROAD, is soon to be released on DVD by Milestone Films and Video, thanks especially to Jonathan Demme and Dustin Hoffman who absolutely love this film and helped to finance its restoration for theatrical American release.
This is in my opinion Dudley Moore's funniest movie. However, the cast of characters in this movie also aid in helping with the laugh's. Of course the advertisement's (Designed to be brutally honest about products/services) that are created by these members of a mental hospital are the highlight of this film. Even though the advertisement's probably would not work in real life and would probably cause consumer outrage in this politically correct society we live in today,(e.g., Visit New York it's not as filthy as you think), it makes for some good laughs. I highly recommend this movie for those that enjoy a good comedy.
i wanted to like this movie,and i really tied.but in the end,i just couldn't justify it.it's billed as a comedy,except it's not funny.or even amusing.i will say that the two lead actors,Daryl Hannah and Dudley Moore are appealing,as are their characters.but the movie is just too slow and talky for my tastes.and there's also too much swearing for no good reason.it doesn't add anything to the movie,and it doesn't really have any relevance.the movie has an ensemble cast of well knowns from the time period(in this case,1990),but they can't save this movie.it's not quite horrible,but it certainly isn't very good,either.for me,Crazy people is a 3.5/10
Santa Santita is another movie about faith, just like those old movies with similar topic -- Himala and Ang Huling Birhen sa Lupa. The acting is above average, the directing is fine. The story is just plain. While the love scene of Angelica and Jericho was much hyped, there is nothing to arouse the viewers (if that is what you are looking for). The movie got an rare A (excellent) rating for a review board, but was snubbed by viewers. Too bad, it was released (on theaters) the same week with Bcuz Of You, a badly made movie but a commercial successful flick.
Maybe it was just the fact that I watched this movie on television with commercial breaks while doing homework, and therefore wasn't exactly giving it my full attention and deep scrutiny, but I rather liked it. It was pretty funny most of the time, though it was all pretty obvious, but that's all right. Journey's more important than the destination, and all that. The acting wasn't perfect, and all around, there could have been improvements, but I felt fortunate to have stumbled upon this movie. It makes an awesome excuse to take a break from studying every few minutes and stare at Christopher Walken.
Indeed, not a bad documentary (barely a real film, the plot is just an excuse to the connection of the different flamenco scenes). Antonio Canales is surprisingly good as Caco, and the other characters are of no relevance to the story whatsoever. Orestes, Caco's nephew with cerebral palsy, is actually Antonio Canales' nephew. Undoubtable epic flavor in this escape/flamenco journey. Good details, as the nice landscapes in Cadiz and the references to Caco's relative "exiled" in the Spanish cities of North Africa. Great and not so commercial flamenco singers, such as La Paquera(R.I.P) and La Caita. Special attention to the closing song, "Naci en Alamo".
i put his movie into the queue. i was really looking forward to it since it got votes. Sadly,like all Spanish, Hispanic, Latin stuff, this movie is overly dramatic and overblown. just look at aldomavar movies like "tak to her" every emotion is jetted like an a-bomb. it is similar to "I have a hangnail, so i will rip off my fingers". the love affairs cause grand Mal seizures in the lovers. type of reaction to situations. so if you go in for cornball over the top emotional hooey. this is your movie. interesting topic poorly written and acted.
I don't know about some of you people, but this is the most interesting phantasm yet. Sure, there isn't enough violence or gore, but that is the way that it was intended to be. This was supposed to be the final fling, and its supposed to explain a,lot of things, and it has. The plot is just hard to explain, and it's very complex. It seems that some of you can't see that and just write it off as being dumb. Well, you have to have a little bit of intelligence to understand the series, so don't even try understand if you can't.
Please people! Try not to over-analyze, like so many others have done in the other comments about this fabulous Techno-color classic from the early 1950's Hollywood. It isn't supposed to be a carbon-copy remake of the older 1936 version nor is it supposed to be making any sort of PC statements about race! Times changed and so did the attitudes and views of most americans, especially after WWII. Take it for what it is! A great musical wrapped around a love story. Beautiful lead actress, strong male lead and awesome broadway style tunes sung by great voices, especially William Warfield's "Old man River"!
"Show Boat" is one of those garish musicals from the 1950s where scope and spectacle dwarfed content and story. It's directed lethargically by George Sidney, as if he thought audiences would be so tickled by the elaborate Technicolor sets and costumes that he could just set up his camera and let it run. Said costumes, though this is supposed to be a period piece, have a distinctly late-40s/early-50s flavor. And Ava Gardner is miscast in her role; she sort of vapidly walks through it with little conviction. It doesn't even do the sterling musical score justice, which is its greatest crime. Grade: C-
I thoroughly enjoyed this film. Dustin gives a wonderful performance as do all of the supporting cast. Valerie Perrine has the ability to draw your attention in all respects and is a wonderful actress. The dialogue is smart and smacking and LB's words will be having you squirming in your seat in no time at all. If you wanted to know about Lenny Bruce, his thoughts, his loves, his fears and passions, Dustin delivers for you. He makes you feel as if you'd known Lenny yourself. See this movie. Why? Because _you_ need to think about the nature of things, too. - 8 of 10
US version of Mata Hari is cut omitting all of the sex scenes.International version is much more longer.DVD version released by MGM features the cut end edited version.Original version contain much more sex and nudity.I don't recommend that version.It is a soft core movie and buying the censored version of this silly film will be funny. I am doubtful that Lady Chatterley is also cut or not.I am not sure about it but i is also "R" rated.And it may also be cut.Fifth Musketeer is also cut omitting all of the nudity.For example uncut version contains much more nudity from Sylvia Kristel and Ursula Andress.
Puppet Porno??? Mr. Damaino already had his spot in the industry, but come ON. This must be seen to be believed. It IS actual puppets. It HAS actual sex scenes involving said. I found this for about 6000 yen in Tokyo. (About 60 bucks.) I bought it to win a 20000 yen (200 bucks) bet that I wasn't making it up. It's a quick 50 or so minutes of the weirdest film anyone will ever find. Like a lot of bad sci-fi, the length is perfect. Just as you get hold of yourself, it ends. Blows minds regularly.
I would change places with the three gorgeous guys (Angus, Ben and Corey) in no special order just to kiss them. I am sure that a woody would occur. A snow ball in hell would have a better chance than I would at my age. Although this film was made in the early 90's anyone would find it a great movie. Oh come on! All movies have flaws. Try making a perfect movie on a limited budget and limited distribution. The title is a little misleading but the book explains it yet not detailed enough. Purchase it! You will not be disappointed.
This is the English 'Casino' and 'Goodfellas' in one laughable film. It is very well known how much the English want to be Americans and this movie proves it. Like in 'Lock Stock...' and 'Snatch', they try to create a New York environment in London, which is not realistic. They want it so much to make these gangsters be like their Italian-American counterparts and the end result is completely ridiculous. 'Buy yourself a nice suit...', yeah, right. Apart from that, Paul Bettany can hardly act and the director is the perfect Scorcese wanna-be. Malcolm McDowell is (as always) great though... 2/10
like i said its funny but its pretty darn good too....................... the film is about people being filmed without knowing it and getting their reactions to unusual encounters mainly with nudity, like a naked lady asking for directions, one asks some ppl to kiss her, and a naked girl in an elevator, and then has video of ppl discussing the film after they watched it........... so if you haven't seen this and you like stuff like candid camera and things like that you'll like this, but this is also more than that, so ya i recommend it, if you can ever find it
Hallmark entertainment should leave these Jules Vern films alone. They did a bad job on filming,20,000 leagues under the sea,which was around a 3 hour bore,now,their version of Mysterious Island,again another bore which lasts about 3 hours. The special effects were bad,a bunch of relatively unknown actors,do not waste your time with this one. If possible,go to your video store or purchase a copy of the 1961 version which is far superior than this one. The 1961 version has well known British and American actors,good special effects that were outstanding for that year,even today they stand out,this film also has a Bernard Herrmann music score.
Altho QUITE a bit different than the Edgar Wallace story on which it's based, this is an excellent serial, none-the-less. Why? Because it's QUITE a bit different than the usual "mad-genius-taking-over-the-world" sort of thing that was the usual theme of serials at that time. A crook & his henchmen move into a castle (to be used as a "base of operations"), but they didn't reckon on the "ghost" of the Green Archer who haunts the place. He continually thwarts the crooks in their shady deeds, and it's quite a surprise when he is unmasked at the end of the film. An enjoyable film!
Some commenters on the left side of the aisle call this film "propaganda;" but being propagandistic doesn't make it false. In fact, the Hoaxters' historical sketch of the rise and various phases of Communism, and its continuing danger to liberty and freedom (as we just saw in Georgia under brutal Soviet -- sorry, Russian occupation), is remarkably accurate, given the constraints of a movie short. Definitely worth the viewing time for anybody not utterly besotted with the anti-anti-communist propaganda routinely taught in school these days, where kids are told that Joe McCarthy was a greater threat to world peace and liberty than Josef Stalin.
Entire film wasn't brilliant. Boring at moments, banal structure, but still worth to watch it! Why? Becuose every kids in Poland know that "kiedys chlop zakladal babie chomato i oral nia pole!" or "chcialbym byc jak Tony Halik". Polish teenage society is cruel, so I also MUST know few lines from such films as "Killer" or "Poranek Kojota" to survive. I admit that many jokes are hard to understand, if you are not polish. Laska (with his ganja-mutated voice) is the best! Typical teenage from Warsaw! Dublicate of my school-friends... 10 for Laska's character, 6 for all the rest. Average: 8.
I saw it and I loved it! I think this could be one of the best films of Nicolaescu's! Great directing, a great script and great acting are the high points of this movie. I also love the filming locations: those places are fascinating! There is nothing wrong with this movie. Of course it could have been better. But, in this case, "better" means "the best!". I'm so proud because "Orient Express" is great! It makes me feel so good being a Romanian. :) I recommend this to all: it's a romance/drama very, very deep and cool! You'll love this picture! 9/10
The Season ends with a very excitable bang and leaves us in suspense from the very start. The year has been a very excitable and interesting year and I have loved every minute of it, good and bad. I shall now do my last Good and Bad for Season 1, The Erlenmeyer Flask. Enjoy. The Good: That alien baby was adorable. x] The final scene. Beautifully done. Those bodies in the glass. Wow. Deep Throat. Trust him or not? The Bad: The whole shooting thing. :'( Conclusion: Brilliant end of a brilliant First Season. I want to believe. 10/10
I have seen this show when I was growing up and I liked it very much Here in my country, the most of TV series of America came in under some format almost without any delay since decades ago. It is clear that this formula has been reproduced many times but I like the acting freshness, the connection with the characters, and of course the equipment they use in the rescues (who doesn't dream about a bronco) Well, I hope the DVD industry take care soon about the not so popular shows and release it quickly. PS: I loved the soundtrack
I caught this brilliant short at Dragon Con last summer and then rediscovered it at AtomFilms.com. It only got better the second time around. Many great little bits lost in the huge con screening, were found on the online screening. Lou Diamond Phillips is a comic genius! This man needs to do more comedies. With kick-ass cameos by Scott Thompson(Kids in the Hall) and Ron Jeremy(the Hedgehog), this film rules cause it constantly flips your expectations of the porn world and It's just so damn funny! The guys behind this flick are ill... and I mean that in the best possible way! Grade: A+
I don't know if this movie uses a little or a lot the author's own past, but it could have, it is, somehow, very much like a memory exploration (and it talks a lot about memory actually : remembering school pals, remembering teachers word, remembering the 19th, etc.). The storyline is a mess, but that is not the point, this movie doesn't offer a message like "the good one wins", "the girl married the nice guy". The image is fantastic sometimes. The acting is great. The whole thing reminds me a lot of Mark Kalesniko's comic book called "Alex" (a very good comic book, too)
Great performances by Madeline Kahn and Edie Falco, as well as the rest of the cast push this fine independent movie. The story revolves around one day on Long Island in the lives of a half dozen or so people, connected by various relationships (family, school, work). From the depressed would-be filmmaker to the talentless, but ever hopeful, aspiring actress the movie finds a way to take you deep inside the characters without really letting you know much about their lives beyond this single day. The eclipse at the heart of the story allows for some great lighting effects on the black & white film.
This one is a long time favorite of mine. Don Knotts and Tim Conway are utterly hilarious in this comedy whodunit. Knotts and Conway are two investigators called in from Scotland Yard to investigate the death of Lord and Lady Morely, two wealthy British aristocrats. The supporting cast (who one by one mysteriously get knocked off and disappear from the house) which consists of the hired help at the Morely's home are equally hysterical and formidable catalysts to Knotts and Conway's humor. The next time you're at the video store looking for some light, funny fare, check this one out. It's well worth the rental.
Woodstock is one of the best, if not the best, concert documentaries ever made. I have just seen the DVD version with over 40 minutes of film not shown with the original theatrical release. The musical acts are generally fine but no one is going to enjoy all of them. Standout performances include Santana and Joe Cocker. I particularly like the use of split-screen imagery and the filmmaker's wonderful job of conveying the mood of that time and place. This movie is highly recommended for anyone who wants to revisit life in the sixties and those sadly forgotten messages of love and peace.
Compared to their previous live concerts (especially the sound fiasco at the Shea Stadium event, although that was their biggest performance) this album and this concert was the best this band ever made. Judging on the location (the best location to be used--above the roof) and the sound, it was awesome. I liked especially the little bits of fun they inserted here, like afet "One After 909", Lennon recites a line of "Danny Boy"... Even though it was obvious that the relations between The Beatles themselves were then too strained, they still blasted the gray Liverpool sky with that album. 10 out of 10.
Umberto Lenzi's "Napoli Violenta" is a first class cop movie that really shocked me.It's exciting and really memorable with some nasty bits of violence(including a fence post impalement and bowling ball facial).Maurizio Merli is great as a veteran cop named Betti.He sets out to clean up a protection racket run by the Commandant(Barry Sullivan).Along the way,Betti befriends a little boy whose father is murdered by the criminals.Since Merli passed away in 1989,"Violent Protection" attained almost a cult status in some places.There are some great car chases and plenty of exciting gun-play.So if you're a fan of Italian crime genre give this one a look.Highly recommended.
Most science fiction films are big on ideas and special effects, but weak on coherence and character development; most horror films are just the same, except without the ideas. But David Cronenberg's 'The Fly' takes one simple idea, develops it properly, and eschews (its genuinely terrifying) special effects until its truly horrific climax. And by paying some attention to the personalities of its protagonists, it actually makes you care about them (Jeff Goldblum is excellent in the lead role), and adds a level of serious reflection on the very nature of human mortality to the raw shock. The mix amounts to a gruesomely good film.
Practically the best remake of all time. Vincent Price's movie was good but this one adds another level to it. Jeff Goldblum is wonderful as Seth Brundle/ Brundlefly he really shows the true madness of the character while allowing the emotional content to shine through the gaps. This film is beautiful and even though the basic genre is horror this film plays out one of the greatest love stories played out in film history. In short 'The Fly' is well worth taking the time to sit down and watch be it now or in ten years this film will always be a classic.
Another gem from Kim-Ki-Duk, very complex movie in terms of concept and screenplay. Even hard to digest, what is right, what is wrong...lines are blurred. You'd like to hate the character of Han-Ki very much but you'll be forced to like him. Evoked a mixture of emotions in me...its brutal in its sense, sensual in its sense...a totally different grammar for emotions... Once again, Kim-Ki-Duk beautifully used silence in the movie and the main character (as usual??) is silent for major part of the movie. This is not everyone's cup-of-tea, so beware if you are thinking of watching it...you may find it bad
Adaptation of James Graham's western book plays like a leftover second-feature from the 1940's. Robert Mitchum is very likable playing a machine-gun toting "priest" who, along with two criminals, is cornered into an assassination plot in 1920's Central America. Curious combination of cheeky asides and formula bloodshed takes a good while to jell; director Ralph Nelson appears to be attempting a quirky approach, but he doesn't go far enough with his dark-humored take. However, the pacing does pick up after a draggy first hour, and the supporting players are interesting. Rita Hayworth, cast as a sympathetic Senora, makes her final screen appearance. ** from ****
Beware all the positive reviews. Reading that this film bears any resemblance to a Guy Ritchie film made me cringe. "Contrived" never described a film as perfectly as it does this one. From laughable bad-cop antics, to pointless paranoid schizophrenics and finally to an brief and amateurish handling of serious political issues, "The Criminal" promises to fail to engage the mind of the sophisticated movie-watcher. That said, "The Criminal" isn't terrible. For the most part, the acting is better than average, and there certainly isn't a lack of action. However the writing and directing are marginal at best. 4 out of 10.
Similar theme and plot. But not a snappy action show. A thriller dwelling more on the sensual and personal aspects leading to downfalls rather than, as in Buffy, merely showing the heroine entering and leaving the bedroom then skipping to the resulting disaster and fight scenes. Shouldn't be a spoiler to say the heroine is more like Willow than Buffy if you are drawing general comparisons. If all you want is fight scenes, special effects, and stunts -- then this not the show for you. If you like sex with a background of creeping horror ready to jump out -- then try this.
Say what you want, this film makes you think... if people are truly not hypocrites and believe in the fundamental moral value that you should view and treat others as we would want them to view and treat us then this film will make you think it is this fundamental human value that really separates us from other animals well, some of us this film makes us see our biases towards others and makes us wonder about our outlook on the world I film was well done and would recommend it to anyone who has a open mind and is not too single minded
When I went to see this movie I was under the impression it was a John Waters film. It is not , but could have been one of his movies. Best scene ever an attractive girl singing a song and throwing up after almost every line..lol. When I went to look about info on the actors on this film I noticed it was almost all first time actors...AMAZING with this brilliant, brilliant cast. GREAT SONGS, and I even cried when the fat black gril sang a song to express to her angry dad that she is fat and that is who she is. Brilliant 10/10
Johnny Yune stars in this rather unhumorous yet abundantly silly comedy spoof of Martial Arts films. For the most part this is just downright stupid and sometimes vulgar and distasteful. Still it is certainly better than anything Adam Sandler ever did. There are two scenes I liked...early on in the bar when the "I'm an Oriental" line gets carried a bit too far and later when Bruce imagines himself as the real Bruce--Bruce Lee. Also the women Margaux Hemingway (what's she doing in this?!) and Pam Huntington deserve points for at least trying. There are a few clever lines here and there as well.
i watched this and OMG a great movie, a great ending. A sublime movie within a movie after you see it once and the ending you have to watch it again, the first time you see it tells you a whole new movie now that you know, you watch it again and see it from a different perspective. is a bit slow to start of and there is no action like most Hollywood dumps that are coming out, but if you want to see a great story this film will entertain you. Hollywood should do more like this VION- Virtual Internet Online Navagitor
With Mifunes sidste sang, Søren Kragh-Jakobsen continues the Danish Dogma group project (Idioterna, Festen) of providing us with original pictures from Denmark. We know the rules by now: camera on the shoulder, no added light, no added music, and all properties to be fond on location. This gets us as far as Wonderful Copenhagen -- The official slogan of the Danish capital city -- as one could come: Dogma stands for a dark realism, although the critique is more individual than social. And Mifume confirms the Dogma's ability to deal in an innovative way with as important matters as deviance, everyday's violence, or modern loneliness.
Un credited Jenny Lee-Wright http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0496751/ I think plays a bar maid in the pub. Did Columbo actually plant some evidence? Honor Blackman looked gorgeous in this one. The American actor Richard Basehart did a fairly unconvincing English accent. They both acted the 'overacting' thespian lovely clichés quite well. The streets of London looked grey and boring. An American who seems to get up the nose of a British Policeman - why didn't he get arrested? I really didn't know that a white china cup could kill anybody. She must of had a killer throwing arm. But, didn't Columbo plant some evidence though?
This is a magically quiet masterpiece of storytelling by John Sayles, who also gave us, amazingly, LONE STAR. No one tells stories the way the Irish tell stories. This movie celebrates that gift and passion with story after story told within the frame of the film's story. The idea of the ultimate return home is given an even greater resonance than usual with a special reunion here. The whole notion of the loss of language, Gaelic in this instance, is universally moving and significant today. A wonderful story, gorgeously shot by Haskell Wexler, with beautiful music. The seals are amazing. This is a real find.
This could have been a wonderful film with it's Gothic atmosphere and well-researched period detail (clothes, interiors). But it's hammy, cartoony and over-simplified. Jean Simmons is simpering and wet - oh, sorry, of course I mean cute and vulnerable, Uncle Silas and his son crude and her admirer wooden. Why must Christmas scenes of the 19th century always involve those tedious mummers? Jean Simmons' skirts are far too light and filmy, and young ladies in them days didn't run about at top speed showing lots of leg clad in pantalettes. They wore nothing under those petticoats and had to move more circumspectly. Read the book!
This is one of the finest films of the seventies. It deals with the complexities of life and society, and forces you to make a decision on what's important in life. Do we need to conform and fit into a society that has its own set of rules?....or is it O.K. to do what makes you happy as an individual, in turn giving you a better sense of fulfillment in life. Sam Elliott, Kathleen Quinlan, and Anne Archer, are all wonderful. This movie is a wonderful portrait of Southern California and the 1970's. Don't miss the chance to see it, you will not be disappointed.
This is by far, one of the best Canadian animations ever. This guy is an absolute genius. I just hope one day he makes this into a TV show. The best part (in my opinion) was Hoverboy battling the Robot. Super funny. A must watch! Words really can't describe this obscure film's brilliance. The animation is brisk and flawed only when it should be for hilarity's sake, the actors are all obviously in love with their characters (that's what I get from their vocal performances) and it is even funnier for me, having been someone brought up on Spider-man and Rocket Robin Hood.
Top notch! solid animation, catchy music. Great action. But above all intriguing characters and stories that make you think... Has a depth that no single movie can achive, the series format is used to its full potential. The stories treat issues of the future that are becomeing a reality, AI, cyborgs, technology acheveing more and mor of the impossible. But it is also about life... this series goes much further than the movie in all aspects. The only problem I had was the silly looking outfit our heroine seems to prefer, but you get used to it. Anyhow, a must see! Average 10(10)
It's a real treat to see in the modern times the film as good as "Candyman".When I first saw this movie about six years ago it scared the hell out of me.It's a shame that most of the modern horror movies can't scare me like "Candyman" did.The mysterious killer Candyman is really frightening with his very deep voice that sends chills down your spine(Tony Todd-you are great!).The ending is a little bit anti-climatic,but who cares?Personally I love bad endings.Kudos also for Clive Barker.This guy can make a good,creepy horror movie("Hellraiser" and "Master of Illusion" are great as well).Highly recommended.The sequel is also worth checking out.
Toshiro Mifune showed why he was the personification of THE samurai Japanese culture/history wants us to see. He was excellent in this role. Charles Bronson's performance was as we expected from other characters he portrayed during this period along with some comedy which he really isn't known for(the fight scene with Mifune's character early on). Ursula Andress in her part goes beyond her glamorous looks to portray a woman who is truly out for her own best interests at everyone's expense. She has no problem shifting interests from Delon's character to Bronson's in order to get ahead. The model of the scheming/conniving female or vamp.
I saw this when it was released and never forgot it, most of my friends also remember it clearly! It is a wonderful glimpse into the lives of lesbians in the 50s, in many ways different from now - the hidden=ness and secrecy, the butch femme culture - and in many ways so the same - who was going out with who, when, how they fell in love, broke up, wove their lives and made family of their friendships. Highly recommend it as an uplifting piece of Lesbian History, and a vision of what we younger lesbians may look like as we age. DELIGHTFUL!
This film mixes action with respectful exploration of the main characters, on both sides of the conflict. Excellent acting all round. The plot is developed carefully and sets the stage well for the ending. The local South American scenes offer colourful counterpoints to the preceding at sea sequences. This film in British genre with the makers' principal focii being the storyline and the acting. Fans of the U.S.-style war movies may find the film too understated at times. They will also find the use of models for some of the battle scenes less than convincing when compared to the larger-than-life realism of computer-generated imagery.
Impressive. I watched this expecting to be disappointed. I've never had a movie surprise me like this, in fact, I'd say this is the only animated sequel I've seen that actually meets the standard of quality that its original set. The tears, the laughs... my kids actually were far more into this movie then they were the original. The artwork was detailed and intriguing. Bambi's facial expressions were superb. Sidekicks Thumper and Flower stayed true to their personalities, and all the various other animals were unique and interesting characters in their own rights. I'm amazed. And still laughing about those growling frogs!
Can anybody tell me what happened with Jody Ann Shaffell's case (or the true life story that this was based on anyway)? I think that the US should just grow up!! (No offense meant to the sane people living there). Children are raised in worse situations than that poor boy and the courts do nothing!! How about some compassion?!?! I'd like to know, for my own peace of mind, that the boy has found his way to his mother. Any feedback would be nice. I would like to think that these people came to their senses.
I can't say enough about how wonderful I think this film, and the TV series is. It is just so incredibly FUNNY! All your fave characters are in it - Hedges, played by John Alderton is as gorgeous as ever (yes, I do like him!), Potter the caretaker is played by the hilarious Deryck Guyler and the hopeless headmaster Cromwell is played by Noel Howlett. Not forgetting the pupils of 5C of course! This is a must for all fans of the show, and it explains how Bernard met Penny for the first time. All teachers must watch this film! EVERYONE must watch this film!
What a fantastic coming of age film. David Otterhouse created a short masterpiece of the beautiful relationship between a young boy and his older teenage cousin. Chris Nee did a wonderful performance creating a genuine sense of caring and love for his younger cousin. David Otterhouse captured a time and innocence of being 17-18 years old as seen through the eyes of a 12 year old. The era was captured well, the Boston accent added much. A beautiful representation of real true love with no sexual innuendo. Magnificent. I would recommend the short movie for anyone to see. I was touched. Thanks David Otterhouse.
Like the only other person to comment this, I spotted it late one night on SBS (Australia's international channel). I wasn't really expecting anything at all - but this film was great! It's your classic cop buddy movie, your experience cop (ghostbuster) gets a new partner to break in - and as always there's a new bad guy (ghost) on the block. Action, comedy, romance, a couple of nice twists here and there to keep the whole thing entertaining. If you're a fan of Asian cinema, this is a great film. It's a little hard to get your hands on, try ebay.
I can honestly say that there was nothing about this movie that bothered me. I truly enjoyed the whole film experience. Gwyneth was wonderful as was Mr. Douglas and Mr. Moretenson. I realize that a few people have complained about the older man - younger woman relationship, but who cares? It's a movie. Deal with it. A decent thriller worth your time. Way better than one of Gwyneth's other thriller movies "Hush" - that one was horrendous. This movie was quite tense - not so much as say "Seven", but it was still an enjoyable watching experience. I recommend this film if you enjoy thrillers.
Though I liked DIAL M FOR MURDER, this is not one of Hitchcock's classics, so the idea of a remake doesn't turn me off. And for the first 2/3, things are fine, especially since director Davis and writer Kelly add a twist on the "murder" that's smart and surprising. Douglas has played this part before, but he does it well, and Mortenson is good as well. But then there's a dumb twist thrown in near the end, and both Paltrow and David Suchet as the detective (who, as played by John Williams, was the best part of the original) are left twisting in the wind.
The director of that movie is a villager living in Kütahya(Turkey)and I'm living in the same city with him.this is his first movie and he recorded that movie with 10.000 USA dollars. All the actors in that movie are the villagers.none of them r actors.But they create a perfect movie... Can u believe it?And that movie was awarded in various festivals in Europe...What a pure and perfect movie...It presents the pure but emotional lives of villagers and two kids...Watch that movie,it is nice. First of the director Ahmet Uluçay creates good sense of vision.We can see the pure but colorful lives of people.
This version, a remake of the original by Pat O'Brien and Adolphe Menjou, is the best of the three versions of this play adapted to the screen. (The third starred Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau and is nearly as good.) It's an absolute hoot. And I've seen it probably two dozen times. It's better than potato chips. I can't just watch one scene. Whenever it's on I'm hooked for the duration. The snappy patter, split-second timing and overlapping dialogue is enough to make you want the script for re-reading after the credits have run. They don't make 'em like this any more.
My husband and I thought this was an excellent movie! We watched it with our 2 young daughters and it opened a great deal of doors for discussions with them. The casting was wonderful! I had read in an article that M. Night Shyamalan was kind of disappointed with it over-all, and I think that he should re-consider that thought. He states that he wants people to somehow be touched by and to identify with the work that he produces and this movie does exactly that! It hits home on all different levels for young and old. This is a must see for families!!
Saw this on WorldLink TV last night - gripping from the first frame. Wonderful journey into Turkish Sufi lives & the character of a simple devout person presented with difficult life choices. The story & character development is excellent. Interplay between the main character & his employer/benefactor and then with the other members of the sect is presented in a great way. I come from an Asian culture and could immediately connect to the protagonists struggle to solve a complex nature of problems and make them fit within his simplistic religious view. Cinematically brilliant, great acting, wonderful cinematagrophy Catch it if you can.
I found this going for $1 at the video store, and, as the cover looked vaguely interesting (a priest and a stripper), I bought it, hoping it would be worth the buck I spent for it. It turned out to be worth a fair bit more. Hidden behind the sexploitation is actually a little gem of a movie, with a good story and a great central performance from Brad Dourif, who I haven't encountered before. He, along with a supporting cast, put a surprising amount of effort and passion into 'Final Judgement,' considering practically no one's ever seen it. Worth at least $2!
I recently saw this movie in at a "Indie-film Theater" that only showed 3 movies, "The Limey", "Princess Mononoke"(Saw it, loved it!), and "Man of the Century". Since I had already seen "Mononoke", I decided to see what Harry Knowles called "Perfect". I sat through it with only 3 other people besides me in the theater. I liked it! I don't know yet if I loved it, but I definetely liked it alot. It was a cheery, happy, and witty film. There wasn't a moment when I wasn't smiling in this film. It was very good. I highly reccomend it for a smile time.
From the bad community theater acting, to the bad script, to the bad direction, to the bad not-so special effects...I found this movie to be the funniest movie I've seen in a really long time. Is it scary? Only if you think that someone out there thought it was a horror movie and marketed it as such. It it even good? Not even decent. I recommend a Friday night viewing over pizza and a six pack. That's the only way to get any enjoyment out of this laughable piece of dung, especially if you spent more than a penny to view it.
Dead Poets Society is a thoroughly moving, and inspiring film from Peter Weir, who is definitely one of the most under rated directors around. This movie is in the same vein as "A Separate Peace", in the sense of setting, and in the general coming of age story line. The basic message is to "suck the marrow out of life", as the passage for the society reads, or to live every moment to the fullest. It is inspiring and uplifting for the first hour and 15 minutes or so, before changing stride altogether to a somewhat depressing but remarkable conclusion. This is a must see.
I watched this film the first time when I was 10 or something, but was falling in love with the film when I was 17. The same age of Knox Overstreet, Todd Anderson, and other guys in the movie. "Dead Poets Society" talks about the lives of the students in the "Welton Academy", an elite prep-school preparing the students to ivy league school. These students were brought up in a strict and mainstream families. All unexpectedly, the students are exposed to Mr. Keating, an English teacher whose will change their lives through "free-will" thinking. One of the best film of all time!
Just like Asylum's version of War Of The Worlds, this film has the following characteristics: - Poor acting - Bad effects - Continuity errors all over the place - A few 'glowing reviews' that cannot possibly be real - Timed to coincide with the release of a similar big-budget movie After the first 20 minutes I had to stop watching it, else my foot would have gone through the screen. It's not the few dollars that I paid to rent this rubbish, but the fact that I feel cheated once again. Remember the name: 'Asylum' - the movie company to avoid.
While the film is most definitely not what the video cover would suggest (a farce), it does turn out to be a wonderful surreal comedy, with (gasp!) a point to the story. I understand why some may be to say the least disappointed however, I found it to be very entertaining art piece, which is not easily done. Recommended for viewers who enjoy something a bit off (not in a screwball way, but in an artistic way). Those who are looking for a good classic farce (and I love a good farce) are better off with "Clue" or "Noises Off", two of my personal favorites.
This movie was a pleasant shock, because it wasn't typical high octane adrenaline-pumping Pierce Brosnan action flick of recent memory! The action was more subdued and less far-fetched as a typical Brosnan movie. I laughed my butt off in parts, and the cast pulled off their roles in a badass-yet-comical way! Salma Hayek adds some necessary female steam in this otherwise masculine tale! As always Pierce Brosnan delivers a wonderful performance helping to make this movie a real delight! I can't tell you much more about the movie without spoiling scenes, so, see this movie; it's worth the whatever price you pay.
Recently I saw this piece of crap on the Polish TV and phew! what a stinker,I can't believe the good reviews people give it here.Michael Rooker,who gave us an incredible performance as Henry Lee Lucas in "Henry:Portrait of a Serial Killer" is totally wasted as a well-armed priest,yeah right!!!While a few effective sequences do exist(notably the beginning of the movie)the overall effect is lame.The film resembles me a TV movie and lacks any scares,gore and violence.The acting is alright,I suppose,but these CGI-effects are terrible and the plot is boring.So if you're looking for a good horror movie,then try to avoid this one at all costs.
This was a interesting movie that had a terrific turn of events at the end. The movie seemed to create true to life account of an obsessive love and the downfall it can take when you have your "friends" knowing every detail. It was interesting to see how the tables turned with the obsession but that all the "players" were given only one account of the obsession...not the fact that the object of desire ( Liz ) was creating the drama and actually "got off" on it but in the end ..she learned that playing two ends against the middle doesn't pay off.
In full brassy form, Bette Midler plays Dixie Leonard, who does USO performances in WWII, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Throughout pleasant times and hard times (and even through tragedies), she and co-star Eddie Sparks (James Caan) always have to find a way to make sure that the show goes on. I don't know whether I would call this a masterpiece, but it's some good nostalgia. Midler shows off her talents the same as she did in "The Rose". And moreover, "For the Boys" also looks at the sorts of things going on during those wars, including Cold War-era red-baiting. Worth seeing.
In working at a movie store i thought i had seen some bad horror movies(ala jeepers creepers, blair witch 2) but this one really takes the cake. In reading the summary i thought the item sounded really good horror/backstabbing flick. In the first five minutes alone i got a really bad feeling from it and started fast forward it. In doing that i saw more violence than necessary and a certain sex scene that has left me with nightmares for the last week. The supposed item is not even scary, in being more laughable than anything else. Save yourself some money on this one.
Little Britain is just an great show,with brilliant sketches and good jokes.The humor is truly great,with a lot of characters which are again,great.Some people may not like it(Don't like it!) but they should not complain.It is a great show which hopefully will continue for years to come. Matt Lucas and David Walliams are brilliant actors and Little Britain is just one of the greatest comedy-show ever! The new series -Series 3- maybe less great then Series 1 and 2,but its still great.I like the surviving characters the most.My favorite characters:Lou & Andy.These sketches are just a masterpiece. You should watch this. My rating:10/10.
"Beneath still waters" is'nt comparable to some of the masterpieces in which Yuzna has been involved as a director ("Society") or producer ("Re-animator"). It has some serious flaw too, like the quite predictable script (with some really terrible line in the dialogues). But it's worth watching, if only for the spirit of the operation: low-budget euro-horror made with love and care. Plus very good locations and suggestive underwater shots, a right amount of gore, a perfect villain and a final orgy that cannot fail to remind "Society"'s finale. The entertainment is not missing. I think it's a kind of cinema that should be supported.
First of all: it takes place in the 60s The soundtrack could be made of all parts of music from that era (e.g. the doors, Jefferson airplane, the Beatles, etc.) Second: The beginning part was one of the best parts of any Tom Clancy book i've read, save rainbow 6, it could account for the drama, romance section of the book Third: The middle to ending could be like a strategic Platoon when Clark is doing operations in Vietnam. Who to play Clark? Dafoe is too old and even make-up can't hide that, maybe some rugged young actor, can't think of any
This show reminds me of Sex in the City- without the warmth and genuine friendships. The pilot didn't quite demonstrate natural chemistry between the characters, although that could come in time. And airing the show after Desperate Housewives was smart; while I am sure that some DH fans will not like Cashmere Mafia, I would imagine that fans of Cashmere Mafia will be viewers of DH. Thus far (i.e. after the airing of only the pilot), I think the show has the potential to capture the chick-flick audience- provided the plots of future episodes are original rather than predictable rewrites of other women-taking-charge shows.
Magnum P.I. was the best series of the early eighties. Sometimes the stories were weak (too often, especially in the 2nd season), and the acting hokey, and in the first season the production values were laughable. However, if it had even an ok storyline, the performances of TC, Rick, Higgins and especially Tom Selleck would emanate with charm, humor, and often believable action. However, what was most memorable (especially for me, stuck on a horrifyingly dreary school routine), were the open seas, the open skies and general tropical landscape. And of course most importantly, every week a crime or mystery would be solved.
The Elephant Man is without a doubt the 'finest' movie david lynch has made, in a sense it doesn't provoke with violence or odd things like Lynch's movies often do, but with pure emotions in a touching drama about the man who just wanted to 'live a normal life', whatever that is. You really feel for John Merrick, and unless your heart is made of stone you will get your eyes wet in the powerful end scenes with Barber's Adagio playing...this is how great movies are made, ones that wake you up, and make you think. Should be all-round education for everybody. 8/10
I think even I fell in love with the elephant man. To be so disfigured and yet so kind. I cried when the Jerk let his friends "view" the elephant man at night when they picked him up and twirled him around and threw liquor down his throat. And yet he never defended himself. John Hurt was magnificent as John Merrick (elephant man), and Anthony Hopkins played his normal, calm, cool, and collected role as the Dr. I also like the head nurse, because although she wasn't thrilled about him at first, she grew to care for him a great deal, a must see movie.
I first saw this movie on late night TV and was captured by the really funny lines and characters...all of them. This film probably appeals to a more mature adult who can recall the ethnic differences of our friends and lovers that made life both difficult and, in retrospect, humorous at the same time. I asked Joe Bologna after a recent stage performance why this film was not on video and his response was, "You'll have to ask 20th Century F0X." It's unfortunate for those of us who think this film should be the real "classic" shown yearly. It is an underappreciated gem.
Reading all the negative comments I wasn't gonna watch the film but with SMG in it I just had to. I was pretty surprised to say the least. It is a good film. It explores philosphical debates about the self, I, the void in your mind etc. the end message is excellent to all those who examine every second they exist: dont look inward at yourself; look outward at the world and enjoy its splender. The scene when Alan got real high on 3 hits of LSD was very funny. I just don't see what's so bad about this film. Its worth at least 6/10.
No pecan pie?? No pecan pie?!? This movie, although a long forgotten classic to the trendy, so called "movie buffs" out there, blissfully unveils the solid foundations of a perfect romance comedy. though made in 1972, the subtle and sometimes blatant humor, and the addition of an ex bachelor suffering from a regretful commitment, truly creates a more real relationship dilemma that seems to be missing in more modern chick flicks. The Heartbreak Kid truly is a lost gem; forged with superb casting, many memorable scenes, and a handful of classic dialogues and mannerisms that will certainly become engraved in memory with intricate ease.
I caught this on IFC awhile ago, and I was rather hooked (the main reason at first was the title---The Cure is the best ^^). The conversations are interesting and the subtle relationships that build up; the way you can sort of tell what the characters are feeling is a really unique and rare thing in films. In fact it's more of a study of how people are than a movie. It also features one of the single greatest sex scenes ever in cinematic history (without any nudity at all!), revealing its sensual side. I definitely recommend this to anyone feeling up to some thinking.
When I was younger this video was in the local grocery store's limited children's section (way before Blockbuster was on the scene), I probably had my parents rent Animalympics at least once a month. With the usual childhood fervor, I was obsessed with the characters/music. It does have a lot of adult topical humor along side the kiddie fare...it goes to prove Shrek, although a good movie, isn't as "revolutionary" as some claim it to be...Animalypmics does it with with out relying on sexual double ententes or mocking the easy target of Disney. The soundtrack is also all original and highly creative.
A great Fields film in which he gets to juggle, kick a baby, and ham it up. One of the great things about Fields was that he was not afraid of being upstaged, and The Old-Fashioned Way provides the wonderful Jan Duggan (as Cleopatra Pepperday)a scene stealing musical number in which she sings Gathering Shells at the Shore and brings down the house. A superb grotesque, Duggan was also memorable in the underrated A Damsel in Distress as one of the madrigal singers. I hadn't seen this film in 35 years but it was still the comic gem I remembered. Cheers to Fields and Duggan!
This movie wins the 8th edition of the "Udine FarEastFilm Festival". I saw it in this occasion. The music by Joe Hisaishi has made me dream. The director says he was inspired by two Italian movies: "Mediterraneo" directed by Gabriele Salvatores because both of them talks about war and soldiers who lives in peace; "La vita è bella" (Life is Beautiful) directed by Roberto Benigni in fact both of them introduce some people's sacrifice to save the innocent ones. I think it's beautiful, and I recommend to whoever to see it. Life would be more beautiful if the war didn't exist.
I have read many reviews of this movie that state that it is not good. IT IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE. Comparing it to other movies that are not in its genre is an unfair comparison. It's apples to oranges. You must compare this movie to other movies of its genre. It's cute, action-packed, exciting, has a plausible story line, beautiful lead actresses, quirky characters (and each main character has a focused personality, not just shied upon), great cinematography, great editing, great directing. And it's set in New York City. What more could you want? IT IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE.
This movie is my favorite one.I have watched it more than 10 times, I literally know all the lines.Every time a friend was visiting me and haven't watched the movie,I was suggesting this one and every single time the result was dying laughters. The actors are fantastic,Zouganelis is by far the leading one. In my opinion this picture truly gives a realistic picture of north Greece. This movie was also the subject in one of my academical projects,in a Greek university for a computer science department. I had to analyze the content of the movie, and describe the hidden messages deriving from this wonderful picture
Enjoyable British sci-fi outing of 1967, which sports not only a venerable Cushing-Lee pairing, but exciting scenes of overheating 1960's British automobiles to boot (the steaming, hood-up MG scene will be particularly horrific for current/former MG owners who've ever dealt with this aspect common to certain vintage British cars). Filming must've required a specialist staffer just to continually drench the actors with fake sweat. Of particular interest for Monty Python fans will be the final scene, which is the only time in the whole movie that the decidedly low-budget monster actually appears: no, I'm not going to spoil it for you!
"Radio Days" is Woody Allen in his element. It's chock full of funny anecdotes and quirky characters lovingly told. Mr. Allen is a narrator reminiscing about his childhood in New York during the late 1930's and early 1940's. He connects his stories with the music and programs heard on the radio. He not only shows how the radio played a part of his fictional family's lives but goes behind the dial to tell the stories of the radio performers themselves. Mr. Allen strives successfully to place the viewer right in that time period. His attention to detail is superb. I highly recommend it.
What more can be said? Wonderful stuff, MUCH better than the hundreds of films etc jumping on the HK bandwagon after the success of The Matrix. Dacascos deserves much better than the dross he's been in up until now - hopefully Brotherhood of the Wolf will net him some more major roles. Finally, if you can play it - track down the UK (region 2) HKL/Medusa Director's Cut DVD - it's the full, much superior uncut version of the film with the original soundtrack. Plus there's a ton of great extras and a hilarious commentary track. The only way to watch Drive!
Shoot 'em up starts out insane, and never lets up. The movie is straight up action, much like the Transporter 2 was made, just EVEN MORE ridiculous. The stunts and guns were just awesome, as was the acting by Clive and Paul. They were both funny and intense at the same time. While at the times the stunts are too unbelievable, they still add to the fun and will keep you saying "No way!", "Wow", and "What the hell?!" throughout. Overall it is definitely worth a look if you are looking for something to do and love brainless action films. ---6.5/10
The title says it all. The story was great....a plot, a love story, a struggle, etc.... The acting wasn't great, but it was good. I think all the actors did a fair job. The only real problem with the movie was its dialogue. It was so verbose that it was unrealistic that, even in the 50s they would speak that way. It's like every sentence had to be stated in absolute verbose perfection as if it was being read from a book. Real dialogue needs to sound like people would actually talk. An exceptional performance by Robbie Benson, btw.
Wow! This is a really cute, fun, entertaining, and educational show. I said that because I watch this on Nickelodeon and Noggin with my 19-month-old nephew from time to time. It's hard to say which show on Nickelodeon and Noggin is the best. Still it's really cute, fun, entertaining, and educational. Before I wrap this up, I'd like to say that the people at Nickelodeon and Noggin really know how to reach a toddler's developing mind. Now, in conclusion, if you have children, nieces, or nephews, I strongly recommend this really cute, fun, entertaining, and educational show. I guarantee you that they will enjoy it.
This movie is a favorite of mine. I haven't seen it in years and would love to own it in my video collection but have not been able to find it anywhere :( I loved Geraldine Page and Ruth Gordon. What actresses they are! I especially loved the scene where Ruth Gordon's character is trying to call for help and catches the wrath of Geraldine Page's character!! It's been so long since I've seen it I can't even remember the names of the characters. The scenes showing the pine trees blowing in the wind are creeeeeeepy! Does anyone else love it as much as me?
I love this movie, I can watch it over & over. Dennis Miller should be in more movies, he is hilarious in this. I loved the first Crypt movie & love this one even more. Its scary & funny at the same time. It may have its cheesy moments but hey not every movie is perfect. The orchestral music throughout the film along with the awesome soundtrack give this movie an awesome feel to it. It has Graphic violence, language & nudity. Its worth seeing if you are a fan of D. Miller, like me or a horror/comedy fan. I want more Crypt movies NOW!
Jackson pull this one great! It is not so believeable as some other mockumentaries (like "Curse of the Blair Witch") but this one is so funny and soo well done ! Some scenes are obviously fake but made me laugh well :) and some are so impressive especially fake silent movies that really looks like 90 years old copies (Jackson himself can be seen as extra in some scenes in "Saloma" oD )! They really did excelent job - I admire all efforts that was put to shoot it. Relly great and funny movie that just must be seen! 10/10
I saw this film for two bucks and just got my money's worth. The film suffers from a identity crisis. It wants to have kick ass fighting along with real heart tugging emotion. It is near impossible to have both ,CTHD withstanding. I was bored during the weepy scenes and almost walked out...The ending is the best part. My advice is to rent it while doing chores and stop and watch it during the good parts. AND I DIDN'T LIKE IT "CAUSE THEY KILLED KATO. Bert Kwouk who plays uncle Tai was Kato in the Pink Panther films. Hasn't the poor man taken enough punisment.
Erinn Bartlett is in this movie, the only reason for me watching it to the end. Do not compare Girl Fever with 100 Girls, no matter what. The story in this one makes no sense at all. On top of that it's vulgar & gross most of the time, without being the least bit funny. It might be good if you're about 11 years old, even though I doubt it. So if you have a choice between watching Girl Fever & a different movie, choose the other one. Even if you don't have a choice, don't waste your time watching this awful film.
I had heard that this movie wasn't typical Van Damme, but I still expected it to be mindless action on the whole. I was shocked when it turned out to be truly well done, and not just for a Van Damme movie. The acting is great, especially Rosanna Arquette's performance, and the story is not cheesy at all--it's actually compelling. The (sparse) fight sequences don't involve any weird Van Damme midair split-kicks to the head; they're straight-ahead brawls. This is definitely Van Damme's best, focusing on story and not action, but I guess his presence makes a lot of people overlook it. My rating: 8/10.
Whatever you do, how intoxicated you might be, do not return to Salem's Lot! Even if you've been there in 1979, and somewhat liked it, you're going to be horribly disappointed if you return. If you want mainstream-horror, there's always Carrie (1976), Cannibal Holocaust (1979) and Cannibal ferox (1981), just to name a few. If you enjoy the acting of Michael Moriarty and the writing of Larry Cohen, you should check out Q (1982) instead. The only thing I liked about this movie (haven't read the book), was the unorthodox portrayal of the "vampire race". It's always enjoyable watching on-screen stereotypes being torn apart.
This film really did make me laugh. The acting was terrible, the sound and special effects were nothing special. The only reason i watched this film is because it was free, and i still feel cheated. All the way through this film it tried to be like Predator that happens to be one of my best films of all time! The story line was exactly the same as predator, but thats where the comparisons end i'm afraid. Also finally, the aliens in this film are really stupid. 1/10 - its that bad. This is a warning - not a review.
This is a beautiful period piece. Even though the direction is uneven (but gets better in the last half) it carries a powerful message which still has meaning 3 decades later. It has less sex than the series "Queer as Folk",or cable "Adult Movies", yet still communicates this aspect of gay relationships. The surprising thing when viewed from an historical perspective, is that society's attitudes toward diversity have changed little and gay people are still struggling with the problems presented in this movie. An additional plus, is that it deals with the difficulties facing all human relationships, whether gay or heterosexual. A must see film.
"House of Luk" had a wonderful response at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in January 2001. It was perhaps the lowest budget film screened at the festival but many attendees said they thought it had better entertainment value than many of the blockbuster movies which were also featured. You will remember the characters in this movie many months after you see and hear their story. Their predicaments and the resolution of their fortunes will encourage you to believe anyone's luck can change. "House of Luk" does not rely on blowing things up, computer generated effects or violence. It is 100% story driven.
This film is about a little town in USA. Three stories are connected to each other, they take place in the 50s, 70s and 90s. The last part is most boring. I liked the middle one best, it´s about a teenager boy who learn to know that he is homosexual. And his french theacher is that too. Common Ground stands up pretty well, it is an okay film. Actors like Eric Stoltz, Jason Priestley and, of course, Jonathan Taylor Thomas is good in it. JTT can not only act in comedies, he can also do more dramatic parts. And he really shines in CC.
This is a very unpretentious, likeable movie. I thought the entire cast including Brigitte Bardot did an excellent acting job. I was surprised Bardot had such a big role considering this was her first picture. No disappointment here that she's a brunette. As I remember she also ended her career as a brunette in the picture Don Juan. It's a feel good story. It's about a lovable simpleton who goes back to elementary school. In the process he wins the hearts of virtually all the people in the small village. It's somewhat of a Forrest Gump tale but on a much smaller scale.
Bugs Bunny thinks he's gonna win the 'best actor' oscar but is snubbed in favor of James Cagney. He tries to convince the audience of his point while doing some impressions and showing a clip from Haiwatha's Rabbit Hunt. Self-indulgent to the extend and not a funny moment in this 8 minute short. It may try to make some points on Hollywood and the Oscars, as a previous reviewer stated, but what it really tries to say is unclear. The movie is banned from tv nowadays because of some racist-related links and impressions, but nothing to get too excited about. Dull. 3/10.
Starring Cher and Dennis Quaid, Suspect is probably one of my most watched movies. It portrays to the viewer the state of the justice system and the criminal justice administration system. It shows that there a people that when overworked, still care about their jobs and the people they deal with on a day to day basis. This is all set alongside a murder in which a homeless man is being accused of. In going after the truth it can only lead to one thing... I reccomend that you consider renting or buying this movie. It is a great one for the family to watch!
"Iron Jawed Angels" follows the true life stories of Alice Paul, Lucy Burns, and the other brave suffragettes who fought for a woman's right to be heard in the government. What a fabulous movie!! A topic that could have been boring was brought to life by director Katja von Garnier, as well as wonderful performances by Julia Ormond, Molly Parker, Vera Farmiga, and the amazing Hillary Swank, who brings chills with her powerful monologues. The soundtrack, despite not being from the 1910s or 1920s, is also a great listen. An important piece of history brought to life that all women should see and appreciate.
Probably one of the more accurate filmatisations of Wyatt Earp. And Dennis Quaid is without a doubt the best Doc Holliday to this day. I really like that they at no point try to idealize the life in the west at this period. There were no real heroes. Only people who tried to live their lives or to make something out of their lives. Wyatt Earp is portrayd as an at sometimes ruthless character, yet someone who cares for his close family and friends. One of Kevin Costners better movies and worth watching at least once. If you choose not to it's really your loss.
This is not the worst movie I have ever seen, but its very bad, people track down a weird radio broadcast of someone yelling for help to an old house, there is a little girl with a doll that plays bad music in what I am guessing is an attempt to annoy people to death. People die, badly, then the little girls grave is burned....the end. Oh yeah, I forgot, at the end one of the characters says "She was just a normal little girl till her dad got her that doll." WHAT? How could this guy possibly know this? Awful.
***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** OK, first of all, i didn't actually catch this during the mtv movie awards, i found it during a random downloading session. and all i have to say is, very well done, i was pleasantly surprised that somebody would actually do something like this. jack black is amazing as the elf with the pierced genitalia, an amazingly rude but not crude plot line. and im assuming SMG was supposed to be Arwen? well whoever she was supposed to be, she was good, comical at most points, and especially at the end when she ripped the ring from jack's privates. Sheer brilliance.
the review by Julane stated "who knew?",everybody who knows about music history,thats who.Gloomy Sunday ,the song, has been the subject of so many movies,TV shows,plays,books,etc..Several of the "odd tales" type of TV shows,i.e.twilight zone,amazing stories,tales from crypt,etc..have all had some story about a diabolical tune that drives someone mad.Even a crow stairway to heaven episode had this plot line with Eric Daven hearing the "devils song" The real story is extremely sad,and full of dark subject matter. The writer,Rezso did in fact commit suicide. His widow,was found dead outside her apartment,She jumped out the window.When authorities arrived on scene,her record player was still spinning,Gloomy Sunday.
If you're like me, and you're tired of seeing the same old crap come out of Hollywood year after year, add this movie to your watch list. 'Gun Shy' is a witty, off-beat comedy with an all-star cast. Liam Neeson stars as a nervous undercover DEA agent that must bring an old world mafia thug, Oliver Platt, and Columbian drug kingpins together in a multi-million dollar sting operation. At the same time, Neeson must also deal with an increasingly volatile digestive system and a horrifying fear of being found out. Produced by co-star Sandra Bullock. WARNING: Dumb people may find this movie boring or confusing.
Impressive. I watched this expecting to be disappointed. I've never had a movie surprise me like this, in fact, I'd say this is the only animated sequel I've seen that actually meets the standard of quality that its original set. The tears, the laughs... my kids actually were far more into this movie then they were the original. The artwork was detailed and intriguing. Bambi's facial expressions were superb. Sidekicks Thumper and Flower stayed true to their personalities, and all the various other animals were unique and interesting characters in their own rights. I'm amazed. And still laughing about those growling frogs!
I'm a zombie fan and this movie was just BAD. I even fast forward some parts when they where running. I didn't look at all the votes only the first ones and those said it was good. I learned a lesson that always look how many voted and also read all votes. There are so man other good Zombie movies out there then this one. They often use effects like 3 small windows instead of a big one some times and that ruined it a lot. Acting bad, story bad. I liked the last scene at the end. That was nice.
What an odd movie. I have to say that this is in a category in its own. Besides the annoying homosexual theme that this movie had, it was very boring to watch. What's even worse is that this was a View Askew production, I've yet to see a bad one (until today). The story had no head or tail; it just went in a zigzag line. I'm not planning on summarizing this movie, but I just want to say that whoever is thinking of buying this should consider renting it first, it was a disappointment On a bright note, the acting was very well done
This documentary is about how white people are evil, and responsible for all black problems. Every word spoken in this film is complete and utter garbage. Throughout the film we learn how white people manipulated the poor, innocent blacks into creating the Bloods and Crips. We are taught how the evil white people forced the gangs to go to war with each other and sell drugs. Everything is white people's fault. Everything. This "documentary" is quite possibly the greatest work of fiction of all time. Only militant blacks, or guilty white people will derive anything but anger and disgust from this bravo sierra.
In the words of Charles Dance's character in this film, "Bollocks!" No plot, no character development, and utterly unbelievable. Full of stuff that just doesn't happen in the real world (since when were British police inspectors armed with handguns in shoulder holsters?). Full of mistakes (Bulgarian trains in London?). Full of dull and artificial dialogue. And the directing/editing is awful - wobbly hand-held camera shots that add nothing to the film except a vague feeling of seasickness; confusing jump-cuts; no structure. Wesley Snipes' character is totally unsympathetic - why should we care what happens to him? Direct to video? Direct to the dustbin!
If any proof was needed to show that John Malkovich is probably the most over-rated actor of his generation, then this it it. His performance is a total embarrassment, as is his attempt at an English accent. What is a great premise for a movie is ruined within minutes by inept direction and poor casting. In the most unsubtle and ham-fisted of ways this film tries to reference Kubrick's pictures by using music associated with his films. Two boys walk down a west London street with....what else but bowler hats. This is unwatchable rubbish, plain and simple.
Ah, paramedics. Is there anything they can't do? Quite possibly the best film ever made featuring rapping white ambulance attendants - in fact, I think rap and hip-hop music in general received a monumental boost in its quest for legitimacy after Uptown and Mad Mike belted their street-savvy showstopper at the conclusion of Paramedics. Magnifique! And to the agent out there representing the Fat Boys? Shame on you! What a perfect vehicle for those crazy corpulants this would've been. One can only sit and think about it. Please, PLEASE regard all of this as sarcasm and steer clear of this trash. Peace out.
Dumb as hell. Stupid. A plot that's the same as a million other badly-made movies you wish you'd never watched. Someone nice finds something. Some one nasty wants it back. Someone else nasty also wants it to make themselves powerful. What makes this movie slightly different i suppose is that two nasty people each want what the nice person has found instead of one nasty person. I wasted an hour of my life watching this nonsense before i gave up. And it's racist: African people are either savages smeared in dust, lazy, or dependent upon westerners for their livelihoods. Don't bother watching this. It's rubbish.
An adult would find this extremely boring, predictable and immature. If you are 15-17, you would probably enjoy this movie. I would not let anyone under 14 see this movie, because of sexual themes and some shock-value spooks. There is basically no gore, just a bleeding finger. Revenge from the grave is trite and unrealistic and it was done very poorly in this movie. The shove-it-all-down-your-throat ending was expected and not appreciated. I can't say I cared if any of the characters lived or died, they were all irritating and unintelligent. A generous 4 stars is all I can muster.
this movie was awful and boring, and this is said from a person who loves to watch many what other people would call 'boring' sundance films. first of all, i was expecting way more gore. there was barely any. it didn't start out to bad at the beginning since there were yakuzas acting sort of funny but then it went downhill from when the main characters went into the factory. this movie was dull. i hate to rate a movie so low, 4/10 but i just had to. out of all the asian horror cinema i have seen, this is by far the worst.
If you haven't watched 'There's something about Mary', you might enjoy the story of the movie. Only the 'scientist' variable is an added component to the story. Akshay was too irritating after the first 15 minutes of his intro. But I was impressed with Johnny Lever's comedy rather than Paresh Rawal. There are too much off unnecessary stunts in the movie, which is plainly meant to show off and does not add anything to the movie scenario. But I was impressed that they did not take a complete rip off of the original movie, but made a few stitches in the movie.
It is amazing to me the kind of trash that people pass off as art! Now, I'm an educated person with two graduate degrees, and the only "lesson" I learned from this movie was that if you are sharing a prison cell with a homosexual for an extended period of time, you too will become a homosexual. Hmmm, that makes perfect sense! What kind of dopes do these filmmakers think we are? If you're going to write fantasy, please stick to a plot that's interesting and enjoyable, like a rebellion against a galactic empire. Please wake me up when they release "Wrath of the Spider-Man!"
This is another of John Candy's bombs. For such a talented actor, he did so many bad films. This film does not make Canada look good. I was insulted at how stupid this film portrayed Canadians and Americans. The problem is there are people on both sides of the border that behave like this film. The thing is this film was written by a Canadian. Is this what he thinks of his fellow Canadians? Canadians always seem to write good scripts and this is what this film is lacking. The problem is the people who made this film show how silly Canadians can be. 2/10
This movie wasn't even entertaining enough to justify seeing it in the summer in order to enjoy two hours of air conditioning. It was immature and lowbrow, and relied way too much on slapstick (Tom Arnold and Hugh Grant fighting in a toy store; Julianne Moore's wheelchair plowing into a wall; etc.) Why can't there ever be a movie where someone who doesn't want children at the beginning STILL doesn't want them at the end? Why is "I don't want to be a parent" seen as a character flaw to be overcome, rather than a personal insight to be trusted? Lame, lame, lame.
The first two were good. Decent plot, cool fight scenes, and good acting(personally I like Treat Williams better)and was excited to find out a third was coming w/ Treat Willliams. This movie is pretty bad. The plot is ok, the acting is only ok. The fight scenes in the first two were imaginative, but these are only the usual. There are probably 5 mins that actually take place in the classroom. The makers must have realized it wasn't looking too good and decided to put in some pointless nudity. If you liked the other Subs give this one a try, but don't expect too much.
This movie is the worst movie ever to play on my television set. Its copies should be burned. Tim Curry's mustache was falling off. Daryl Hannah's rendition of Morticia was definitely NOT to die for. The actors had no idea how to play the parts they were given. They were either overly dramatic or had no emotion whatsoever. Even the scenery was awful! And the script was absolutely repulsive. The plot simply wasn't there. Overall, bad script, bad lighting, bad portrayals, bad props, even. Don't see it, no matter the circumstances--it disgraces the Addams Family name. Try "The Addams Family" or "Addams Family Values" instead.
I have cried in a total of 3 films in my life... Number 1, Bambi, when his mum dies.... Number 2, City Slickers, when Norman the Calf gets dragged down river and nearly dies... and finally, Number 3, Highlander II, as it soooo bad! Remember Highlander? The Locations, The Soundtrack, The Kurgan, The Plot... Now, take it all away and replace it with... Awful red sky effect throughout the film, Couple of old Queen songs from the 1st film, Michael Ironside doing a bad Kurgan impression and a "plot" that doesn't have any relevance to the original plot... That is Highlander II.
After sitting through a TV viewing of Pumpkinhead II, I was never so glad to *not* have spent $3 on a rental in all my life. I am usually a fan of low-budget, low-talent horror flicks, but this was just awful! The fact that Roger Clinton was in it should've been a tipoff, but I was in it to see Andrew Robinson ... An actor is only as good as his script, and even he couldn't save this thing. Now my question is this: what sort of hallucinogenic drug were those writers taking? I'd just like to know so I can stay away from it.
Felt like being beaten over the head with a "gun's are bad" stick for an hour and half. Paper thin characters and very contrived plots. Mixing them around doesn't really add anything to the movie. Each story wouldn't stand on it's on. We get shown the exact same message multiple times. I like the idea of the movie but the execution just wasn't there. Above is my original review, but apparently it's not long enough. I really can't think of much more to say about this movie. I'm not sure you need to expend this many words trying to explain how mediocre it is.
It seems that the intent of this movie was to make you feel bad for these "poor" rich kids. All it made me do was think how ridiculous they are. If they want a normal life or whatever they can have one. They can go to school meet a woman get married and have kids and not take any of their families money. They are capable of doing whatever they want but all they can do is feel sorry for themselves. I also didnt like how the Director didn't remind us who the people are. There were so many rich kids I couldn't keep track.
I saw "Preston Tylk" at the San Jose Film Festival and was actually excited to see it. The program billed it as a neo-noir thriller and described its interesting premise. A guy goes out for coffee, comes back and his wife is dead. After that, things get weird. Unfortunately, the premise doesn't hold the film together. The acting is poor, the characters are reaching (striving, in fact) to be more than cliches, and the story is boring and played out. "Preston Tylk" proves a sad fact that just because a film is independent doesn't mean it has something interesting or new to say. Skip it.
A potentially interesting film about the hijinks at a car dealership starts out very funny, with on-target jabs at the named industry; but midway through, it abruptly changes tone. The apparent satire on automobile salesmanship suddenly turns into a dramatic thriller-type film with nearly all the main characters erupting into violence that culminates in a truly rotten denouement. Worth seeing only for the first half, which, as mentioned, delivers the laughs and offers a nice change of pace for FULL HOUSE's Lori Loughlin, who breaks her "nice lady" image with a foul mouth and a brief nude scene. *1/2 out of ****.
Borderline entertaining television, but anyone who doesn't think the union movement in Australia is The Bees Knees is going to be irritated. The Australian waterfront has always been a complete shambles and this series - no real shock that is comes from the ABC - is almost entirely told from the trade union perspective. This would have been far better if we saw a balanced side of this dispute, rather than a rehash which will have all the armchair socialists and unionists nodding sagely from their living room, without ever getting down to the nub of the issue. Poor form by the ABC.
The great Welles only total failure. the film lacks humanity,it lacks poetry and above all it lacks interest. Welles creates a world where Macbeth is pawn of the supernatural,not a good man who is influenced by a prophecy and an ambitious wife. and speaking of the ambitious wife can anyone have given a more wooden performance of the greatest female role ever written? Jeannette Nolan is awful. not passion,no emotion. she seems life a cartoon villain. she can't even move well on screen! the only performance worth mentioning is Roddy McDowall's understated Malcom. his is the only unaffected portrayal in this disheatening film.
Veterans Borgnine and Lupino (who was also part of the cast of the awful "the food of the gods") tried to regain prestige in horror movies as Bette Davis or Joan Bennett did.But "the devil's rain" was not a good choice,by a long shot.The story is nonexistent,I dare anybody to find something looking like a plot in this flick.Pre-"Star trek" William Shattner is tortured all film long.Pre-"Saturday night fever" Travolta is featured,but where? Special effects are ridiculous,overlong ,and the sect chants in the grand tradition of "Rosemary's baby" .Satan inspired a lot of movies,but this one seems the worst of them all.Avoid at any price.
What a comedown for director Paul Morrissey (Flesh For Frankenstein, Blood For Dracula). This film is not only boring, it features an incredibly irritating and overamplified score by Coati Mundi (he of Kid Creole and the Coconuts) and it has enough racial stereotypes to offend not one but two ethnic groups. All the Italian-Americans are loudmouths who scream obscenities at each other over a pasta dinner, and all the Puerto Ricans are crackheads, hustlers, or lazy welfare loafers. If not for the transcendentally beautiful Talisa Soto as the secondary love interest this would be a total write-off. Even with her it's nothing less than dreadful.
I can't believe there are so many people still willing to buy this junk. If you're serious about investigating this nonsense, then just go here: http://www.skepticalanalysis.com/ If you just like it as entertainment, sort of like professional wrestling, that's fine, I suppose. But don't be snookered into believing anything they portray here. There's growing evidence that it is just as phony as pro wrestling, and much of it is completely staged. They just don't have the honesty to admit it, because that would ruin their ratings. And, after all, remember that it is on the SciFi Channel, not the Discovery Channel or the Science Channel.
I feel compelled to write. This is the in my humble opinion a terrible film. When the script and plot thins it disappears into an MTV collage of images. If you suspend your ideas of reality for a while it could cause the odd smile but this is its only redeeming feature. Tired cameos by quality actors added to the misery. Characters were never introduced, had no depth and ultimately left you cold. Interesting point to watch for me was the investigating detective whose speech impediment vanishes when he reappears in the film. Maybe the effort was too much I certainly felt exhausted by it!
Hollywood great Michael Curtiz directs Boris Karloff in this middling thriller about an ex-con, just out prison, who is framed for a judge's murder by racketeers; after he's convicted and killed in the electric chair, a team of scientists revive him. Fatigued entry in the 1930s back-from-the-dead horror cycle doesn't allow Karloff to do anything fresh or substantial (indeed, several of his big moments seem lifted straight from "Frankenstein"!). Curtiz can't do much with this hackneyed scenario, and he's certainly not helped by the unsurprising script, though there is one strong sequence at a piano recital. Otherwise, "The Walking Dead" is D.O.A. *1/2 from ****
I think that our subtitles weren't right, which is odd, since we rent it from a normal video shop. The conversations weren't going anywhere. Anyone knows what was wrong with the womens eye(?) I survived 102 minutes of film, glad to never see it again. What i really thought was annoying, was the lack of ending, it suddenly stops when the 2 girls are swimming...uh. Let this be a warning for you people. Don't go see this movie, when you don't speak Spanish. The movie has more than one story lines. None are worked out well as far as I'm concerned.
A misfit/underdog joins the med school. Believes in healing by humour, making personal relation with patients, which is atypical of the docs. Hated by professors and fellows. Professors try to remove him from college. His roomie, who is the topper (also hates him), helps him stay. Now tell me how Munnabhai M.B.B.S is not a copy of Patch Adams! Merely by changing a bit of preamble and postscript of a story, one cannot call it original. At least Robin Williams could bring in some amount of tolerance to Patch Adams, but alas in here, there is none.
the movie was bad, couldn't understand half the words, movie was too long and contained random inappropriate scenes in an attempt to recapture the viewers attention. there was fast cars, high class but, there were never really used , only 2 shooting scenes, and 1 car scene.This movie was a waste of money and time, i will like to see how much profit is made! also, if you do decided to go to this movie, it would be wise to take a book with you ,as you will get bored. The characters as well, need to speak more clearly. .
Possibly the worst film I have ever seen, "The Visitor" has many disconnected plot elements that never seem to go anywhere or make any sense. Guys wandering the desert, giant green clouds billowing up from nowhere, spirals of birds whirling indoors...as a series of unconnected images, I suppose the movie may have value, but as a story it is completely worthless. I saw this theatrically on its initial release and hated it; I tried to watch it again a decade later. I thought, "It couldn't really be as bad as I remember," but it was and I fell asleep as it dragged on. Totally awful.
Might be the worst film I have ever seen.No character development,cliché scene heaped upon cliché.The main actor(Jennifer Beale)seemed afraid to both act or be involved in what was a very limited production.The entire cast consisted of the members of an AA group.Avoid this film at all costs,I sat jaw agape about a 1/3 through the film.The viewer is unable to connect,or make an emotional investment in the characters due to not being given any background.I was actually surprised at how easy it was to spot the flaws in this film, but they are stark. I would give this film a zero if it was possible.
What is the definition of a gullible idiot? A: Anybody who buys the patronizingly glowing reviews posted above! In case you aren't aware, it has now become standard practice for individuals with a vested interest in low budget movies to talk them up on sites like this in the hope that the public will pay money to watch them at the cinema or on DVD. Ask yourself this: why would these people need to generate favorable publicity for a movie when a good movie will generate its own favorable publicity through word of mouth? The answer is obvious.
Follows the exploits of man-boys who think impersonation in boring and irrelevant conferences, penis, and potty humor is political activism. Their bugaboo is the WTO, which they appear not to understand in the slightest and to which they ascribe a global conspiracy. The "Yes men" are kin to the creationists and global warming skeptics. All are ignorant amateurs who reject the scientific consensus (in this case, of professional economists regardless of political leanings) because it conflicts with their ideologically created world view. There is nothing approaching a serious treatment of "globalization" in this movie. This movie is even more anti-intellectual than a Micheal Moore movie.
I think the CONTENT of the documentary was probably valid but the QUALITY of the video was less than that of a home-made one. It was so poor that I could not continue to watch the video which I tried to do twice. And that really disappoints me because I'm very much interested in anything that blows the whistle on the arrogance of international organizations whose self-interested gains appear to be the only reason for their existence. Interestingly, this documentary appeared to be inspired by Michael Moore's work. I think the makers of this one need to be mentored by Moore for awhile yet.
I respect Christopher Plummer, playing against his typical villainous character, and he is very convincing as a concerned scientist. The supporting cast is very good also. The plot alludes to "Frankenstein" numerous times and is obviously hinged on that classic tale. There is no excitement in this movie. It is so laid back, especially Arthur Hill, Plummers adversary, that you begin to drift off early and often. Cerebral sci-fi doesn't have to be this boring (see "Enemy Mine"), and while the acting is totally acceptable, everything lacks excitement, and just drifts along towards a conclusion that was only a minor surprise. Not recommended. - MERK
If you're a true Highlander fan, even a desperate one, steer clear of this movie. It is a disaster. The worst movie I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a lot of bad ones. Perhaps it's just because I love the original Highlander so much, that I am so angry. But my review is as follows: -The story is confusing, more supernatural than ever -The acting is horrible, particularly on Adrian's part. I could stand him in Endgame but he seems to be sleepwalking throughout this so-called sequel. Need I go on? Let's just say Highlander 2 is a masterpiece compared to this... exactly.
Spoilers (not that there was much to spoil) Hard Men often threatened to be quite good but never was. Ross Boatman was the pick of the actors & I thought the main three were all ok. The problem with the film was that the first ten minutes set up all the characters & a plot, but then that was it. Nothing new was introduced from then on, either via character or plot. Consequently, all we were left with was the group arguing amongst themselves & inevitably shooting each other until only one was left for the remaining hour & a half. 4/10
I don't know what it is about Fred Olen Ray. I hate his movies, but I always buy them thinking the next one will be a winner. He is notorious for the most annoying giant monster encounters ever. Hmmm, let me see if I can explain this... Man says "hey look at that monster over there!" camera cuts to giant monster then back to man "I wouldn't want to mess with him!". Giant monster in his movies never interact with normal sized men. I hate that! Why even put them in the movie?! If you must see a Fred Olen Ray picture, watch Phantom Empire.
Sketch-like comedy with mod trappings has a group of griping American tourists (including Murray Hamilton, Norman Fell and Mildred Natwick) taking in the sights of Great Britian and Europe by bus, each displaying his or her own (irritating) idiosyncrasies. Crass picture filled with characters one would hope to avoid in this lifetime, although Suzanne Pleshette's beauty is a visual compensation. The jokes are obvious, but director Mel Stuart can't wring any fresh laughs out of them--although he does manage to shoehorn into this scenario everyone from John Cassavetes to pop singer Donovan! Wears thin quickly. Remade as a television movie in 1987. *1/2 from ****
A story of the Sun King told through flashbacks from the mind of his choreographer and court musician Jean-Baptiste Lully. The director didn't want to make an accurate depiction from his life, which is his total right, but freely mixed historical fact with luscious, soap-opera fiction with static characters and overblown baroque settings. It is so boring and pointless you feel the need the vomit all over the rich costumes and make-up, in an uncontrolled reflex of nausea and a deliberate attempt to give all that lifeless material some soul. I am still waiting to see a story from Louis XVI, which is worth seeing.
Having not seen the film before, my thoughts were that with Stanwyck, Burr, and Hayden, along with character actor Dano and Fay Wray, how could I go wrong? The actors were wasted on this disjointed script, and the drivel that takes place is almost unwatchable. Some examples: Stanwyck saying I only want to make you happy and hope all your socks have holes so i can darn them then all day. And where was the building up to the marriage. They met, and in 5 minutes were married. The movie builds nothing, things just happen as if the director was on a LSD trip. AVOID.
I rented this movie because I love Bob Odenkirk's comic genius in the Mr. Show, but this movie is a complete waste of time, an excruciating exercise in bad breath. If watching 4 pretentious L.A. hipsters talk on their cell phones and blab incessantly at a restaurant is your thing, than you'll love this. If not, stay the heck away! Having lived in Hollywood for years, the scary thing about "Melvin Goes to Dinner" is that people like this truly do exist, in droves! Having said that, I'm sure this film will find an adoring audience of pseudo intellectual blab-meisters and self important hackensteins.
I have never allowed the hype surrounding Roger Corman's alleged "genius" to cloud my perceptions of his work. Most of his 50's movies are really awful; their cheapness and speed of production is the only reason they got released, to fill the double and triple features of drive-ins for the teenagers who weren't watching anyway. He improved marginally in the 60's but remained more concerned about exploitation than creation. "The Undead" is a perfect example of the former (50s) period. It is goofy, stupid, illogical, poorly written, poorly acted, poorly staged...you name it. Face it - the emperor has no clothes; that is, Corman stinks.
Appalling because a student film had won the Academy Award for best live-action short. My fellow film students and I were hopeful when we watched it. Appalling because it is so bad. As cornball as it gets. It's competently made (you don't question the technical aspects of the film), but it's utterly charmless, bland, and unfunny. It's like watching bad television. It thinks it's a lot better than it is. So, apparently, does the AMPAS. Maybe I shouldn't be at all surprised that it won an Oscar. Winning one these days seems to be more of an insult than a compliment.
There's a reason some films go "straight to video" instead of even making a brief attempt at theatrical release. This Steve Coogan mess is a perfect example. Let me save you ninety precious minutes of your life..skip this disaster. Steve Coogan, Rebecca Ramos, James Marsden, John Leguizamo, Debi Mazar, James Brolin, Sam Elliott, Henry Rollins... A Great cast totally wasted on a dull, by-the-numbers plot. You have to wonder how such talented people signed on to such a weak project. One can only guess. It's obvious most of the other comments are on solely to boost the rating of this atrocity. SKIP IT!
Robin Williams didn't outdo himself in RV. Instead, he used the same old tired failure and called this a movie. It was not a movie. It is garbage. I wouldn't waste my money to see it again if I knew before how sorry it was. Obligagatory Note: Robin Williams did excel at two things in this garbage: (1). Robin Williams sucked royally (2). Robin Williams made reference to Karl Marx and Communism like it is a good thing. This garbage had a weak plot, weak characters and it couldn't even be called slap-stick comedy. It was certainly not clever and original.
*MAYBE POSSIBLE SPOILER* Sorry, but I'm afraid to say I disliked this movie. I've seen Dragonheart many, many times (which isn't really a children's movie), but when I saw this one, was surprised to see that's what it is. A children's movie, I mean. No appearance by Pete Postlethwaite doesn't help, either. And since when did dragons breathe ice? You'd think the fire and ice would cancel out or explode or something, but anyway, If you liked Draco in Dragonheart, see this one because Drake (The young dragon) is the only similarity to the first film. And even then, only marginally. 1.5 out of 5.
Iraq was in a terrible way LONG before the American came. Saddam was the modern day Stalin and Hitler. Gasing people with different political and religious views and torturing his own people. In the film they show many actual evidence of these acts. They even go back with recored audio of John Kerry agreeing with the invasion of Iraq along with Senetor Clinton and Kennedy. I however like the comparison with the Saddam era Abu Gharib and the American Abu Gharaib. Neither are acceptable but Saddams was MUCH WORSE! We ALL need to see this. 10 out of 10. Two thumbs WAY UP!
In a peaceful Indian (aka Native American) village, Owen Moore (he's Silver Eagle) courts squaw Lottie Pickford (she's Minnewanna). Inevitably, white conquerors arrive; at gunpoint, they force the Indian tribe to abandon their land. For nefarious reasons, the conquerors keep lovely Lottie for themselves, sadly separating her from departing sweetheart Moore. Must the Indian sweethearts remain forever apart? (Mary's sister) Lottie Pickford is a beguiling Indian squaw. Director D.W. Griffith's "The Red Man's View " scores points for its point-of-view; however, it remains a relatively weak and unimaginative drama. **** The Red Man's View (12/9/09) D.W. Griffith ~ Owen Moore, Lottie Pickford, James Kirkwood
This is an *excellent* movie!!!!! It's a Billy Crystal movie so I knew I would like it, but this was wonderful!!!!! I would recommend to anyone (17 or over)!!!! It was one of those movies that you just don't want to end. I'm sorry to those of you who didn't like it because of the language but it is rated R and it has Robert De Niro, what do you expect?? I've never seen a De Niro film that didn't have F*** in it. Anyway, Billy Crystal is the FUNNIEST MAN ALIVE!!!!! And De Niro was PERFECT for the part!!!!
Looker has a haunting theme song, as well as a disturbing message: try to sell the consumer more and more and more no matter what it takes. intricately woven plot involving pretty models (who want to be even prettier) and corporate greed as well as political aspirations and ulterior motives for using new technology to dupe the public. if you are an Albert Finney fan, or even a connoisseur of 1980's fear-flicks, this one is a must-see. 70's era dress, solid dialog, interesting imagery and computer-graphics montage (for a 1980's film) as well as a curious take on the military research involving "invisibility".
the series just gets better and better.dont want to spoil it for anyone who hasn`t seen it yet but it is the best ending yet. it also leaves some unanswered questions that i hope will be answered in part 5. as i have said in my comments on the rest of the movies i hope pt5 is the final part cos we dont want the best horror series ever going on and on and on. the tall man isn`t exactly 25 years old now is he.it would not be the same if they replaced him with some one else i hope they make part5 the last.
This film will have you believing in dragons. You'll wish there were no such creatures. These dragons have no fairly tale quality about them. They are big and nasty. They have risen up and have all but destroyed the earth. The few surviving groups of people are merely trying to survive this new reign of fire. The acting by the lead cast is excellent. The story line is pretty intricate for a special effects type film. Most of the film takes place in Scotland, and this helps create the cold, dark, damp atmosphere. Reign of Fire is a very ambitious film. I loved it.
The plot of A Taxing Woman is interesting/enthralling, regardless of the production date or language of the film. Watching tax evasion cases unfold is surprisingly interesting, presented in a manner that shows the more human side of government organizations. (OK, if not the 'human side', at least you get to see what it's like on the inside.) From a cultural perspective, a 1980s Tokyo is also interesting, with shots of the cityscape, pachinko parlors, love hotels, etc. One last comment: There is nudity in this film, but It adds to the story of the film, justifying why some of the characters do what they do.
Besides the great performances by the two leads, portraying antagonists with similar world-views while on different sides of the law, I especially liked the permeating atmosphere of Japan that came through with the cinematography, the soundtrack, and the scene set-ups. The final scene culminated the film's strong reminder of the almost unpleasant yet intense fascination I often felt in the urban environments of Japan in the late 80's and early 90's. "That," I thought of the movie when it was over, "after setting aside all the comic exaggeration, is the real Japan." Like the movie "Shall We Dance?", it clearly showed a true aspect of Japan.
A friend and myself were watching the rented tape. After starting the tape and watching the trailers of several movies. We thought, "what a long and confusing trailer this is". It took us about 15 minutes before we realized we weren't watching the trailer. The movie already started! After that, it only got better. A very nice confusing and hilarious movie. Great characters. Great dialog. Great stupid story. See it. Summary We were smoking a lot of home grown herbs at the moment. But that didn't affect our judgment at all!
The Brits have always had the knack of making superb gangster films the along comes Gangster No 1 and destroys the fact. Whilst the majority of gangland stories have their fair share of colourful language and violence, this film went far beyond the boundaries of exceptable good taste. The entire film is splattered with both obscenities and blood but the script has to have been written by an illiterate with a limited vocabulary. Maybe that's what the film-makers wanted, who knows. There's nothing special within this film and as for hidden meanings, only those who think too hard might find 'a little something' that isn't there.
The pay-off, it seems to me, is in the fact that at the moment when the enthusiastic couple and the reluctant couple submit to the full and unfettered concept of free love, they finally realize the truth that no matter how much love and social freedom they feel towards their dearest friends, there are still some areas of human experience that are best kept private and intimate. So, rather charmingly, they decide that however hip they seem and wish to appear, deep down they are as old fashioned as you and me ! Malcolm McDougall - ( child of the sixties )
You would think that acting would be in Cameron Douglas' genetic code with his Dad and especially grandfather being talented actors. That is what I thought going into this movie. With the past successes of National Lampoons with Chevy Chase, Animal House, Van Wilder and coupled in this movie with the lovely Emmanuelle Chriqui and my expectations were high. So disappointed. Douglas is absolutely horrid. Quite obviously he received this job based solely on his last name. You will sit there hoping the movie gets better, but it does not. Don't waste your time with this one. "Pathetic" really doesn't do this film justice.
I've been waiting to see this movie ever since it won several awards at various film festivals. Well, it was worth the wait! It's playing in theaters in just 3 cities so far, so make sure that you keep your eye out and catch it when it comes to your town. The other reviewers here give an idea about what the film is about, so I won't duplicate their efforts. I think that the consumer ratings (averaging 8.3 so far) let you know that this is a high quality product. It'll be interesting to see if Blue Hill Avenue gets any Academy Award nominations this year.
I've been waiting to see this movie ever since it won several awards at various film festivals. Well, it was worth the wait! It's playing in theaters in just 3 cities so far, so make sure that you keep your eye out and catch it when it comes to your town. The other reviewers here give an idea about what the film is about, so I won't duplicate their efforts. I think that the consumer ratings (averaging 8.3 so far) let you know that this is a high quality product. It'll be interesting to see if Blue Hill Avenue gets any Academy Award nominations this year.
This movie stars three Academy Award Winners at their best; T. L. Jones is simply perfect but Charlize Theron as well is very inspired and delivers an Oscar quality performance. Susan Sarandon's role is marginal but strong too. Plot is quite original for its suggesting war is terrible and wrong, not only because it is unjustified but because it has a corrupting impact on people, especially when they're back and return (try to..) civilization. Paul Haggis (a genius well known after Academy Award winning "Crash") tries to ask and answer provocative questions and his new film disturbs, heats and moves a lot, every character being powerful.
Small Town Girl is cute, fluffy and moderately entertaining. It tells the story of a handsome rich young man (Farley Granger) and the titular daughter of the small town judge who sentences him to 30 days in jail for speeding. Antics ensue. There is much singing and dancing and Bobby Van has a long scene where he hops through town -- even with two or three cuts, it's still a whole lot of hopping! What made me sit up and take notice, though, was Nat "King" Cole's number, set in a New York nightclub. It makes the film definitely worth watching, even worth buying.
Who can you really trust? Your husband of many years, or a stranger you have only just met, but upon whom your life depends? Janos and Kata are thrown together during the war forced to pose as husband and wife to hide from the Nazis. As they grow closer, the intensity and suffocating intimacy of their new relationship and the circumstances in which they find themselves, forces them to confront past prejudices and assumptions and challenge what they truly believe. The nature of our trust and faith in others is delicately, yet powerfully explored in this profoundly moving film by István Szabó.
According to rumor, it's the famous racecar driver Jaques Lafitte who drives this car as it speeds insanely through the near empty streets of Paris at 200km/h one early morning. Veering for cars and buses, almost hitting pedestrians and pigeons on every corner, this is as close to a real snuff movie you'll ever get. Very little is known about the car and it's driver. But I can assure you this: It was in no way sanctioned or produced with the cooperation of the police. It's far too risky for that. But what a ride! An absolute must see for any film or racing fan. Brilliant!
I find the film hauntingly beautiful. The cinematography and especially the music is wonderful. It evokes childhood and early adolescence brilliantly, Pamela Franklin gives an especially powerful performance, as does Dirk Bogarde and Yootha Joyce. The sense of place is very powerful too. I love the dark, disturbing settings of the dilapidated Victorian house (long since demolished). I would like to find out more about the filming of it - I believe it was filmed in East Croydon - there is an allusion to it in Dirk Bogarde's autobiography? I've also tried, unsuccessfully, to obtain Julian Gloag's book, but it appears to be out of print.
A 'comedy' about death which makes you think of many questions such as 'When is this thing going to end?' 'Why is it called a comedy?' 'How did this picture get made?' I really did not understand what the point of this picture was. It was just a mishmash of boring scenes with the main character not going through any pronounced transformation beyond giving away a few of his possessions and voicing his desire to go on vacation before he dies. Thankfully as promised, Benjamin Kasparian finally does die meaning there is no chance that this bore fest will spawn a sequel.
I loved Happiness and Welcome to the Dollhouse, so I looked forward to this movie with great anticipation. My hopes were dashed, however. Here we have two unrelated stories with relatively boring characters, neither of which is allowed to fully develop. Both had potential in their own right, but they just seem to go nowhere. I desperately wanted to like the movie. I gave it every chance to impress me. But the "shocking" stuff, like the racial issues in "Fiction", wasn't really that shocking, yet it came across as being more done for shock value than the well-defined, nuanced characters of the much more shocking Happiness.
Reportedly five years in the making, this enchanted, inspired production is perhaps not quite on the level of Disney's first-tier masterpieces (Pinocchio, Dumbo, Snow White and Fantasia), but a strong case could be made for it being the best film the studio has released since its 1991 premiere. From the design of the Beast's awesomely monolithic castle to the heart-stopping, Busby Berkley-inspired dance of china and silver in "Be Our Guest", this is one of the most rigorously constructed animated films I've seen. Bolstered by grand, romantic themes of self-sacrifice and eternal honor in the face of persecution, this is a marvelous experience for any age.
Who ever wrote the last comments about Kieth Olbermann, obviously doesn't know what he is writing about. Olbermann is intelligent, fair minded, and straightens out those ignorant saps that watch Fox. It's about time that another side of the news is presented. His programs are well thought out, and done with class, unlike his counterparts on other news channels. His factual analysis of other so called "news cable news" stands to his credit. MSNBC has great and fair talent. Olbermann's guests are not "staged" to back up one story or another. It's time we had real "fair and honest" news people on the air.
I was trying to compose a list of the ten worst films ever for my school newspaper. My list was composed of the usual films (i.e. Battle Field Earth, etc.). But it was when my friend gave me this film that I was forced to rethink my existance. This film is terrible. Never in my life have I ever heard such terrible dialogue as "Who did this...no...don't tell me. I know. I have known all along." This trite and painful story is not even worthy of the boys from MST3K! Avoid this film at all costs! So to answer the question, it was at number three.
Why the heck are high-tech spacecraft so misty in the interior!? Apparently, the humidity controls on the ship's air conditioning system were set up to maximum; either that or the filmmakers were trying to rip off Alien. Other than the spectre of mist, the action and the acting was pretty lacking and even grinded down to a halt at times. From the laser beam shooting out the side of the gun (bad, bad editing) to the cornball scenes of the headless, decapitated body choking someone, this movie is filled with flaws, but the worst flaw was the awful mist which seems to condense on my television.
A woman's mother makes a deal with the devil to save the daughter from dying. 20 years later the devil returns to claim retribution. Sounds compelling but in reality, this is a dull, listless show with little originality. Kim Delaney adds some semblance of good acting but what grates me is that the plot is a pure rip-off from previous movies. Thomas Gibson is too straight faced and nice looking to be evil. The Devil's Child lacks any new ideas and whichever way the story moves, you know you've seen it before. The finale is as close to any mediocre B-grade horror movie you can find.
The essence of a good spy flick is the plot. Today repetitive spy movies, like James Bond, have easy and most of the time boring plots with a bad guy who wants to rule the world. Add to this unbelievable stunts and special effects... If you like these, don't watch this movie. On the other hand, if you like real spy flick like this 1985 movie, with a twisted plot and betrayal this one is for you. The action is believable, the storyline is intriguing and the ending is surprising... A must see for people who like real spy movies. 3.5 / 5 stars.
This is a film with a strong and universal message. You learn that the state will change if the trait is there, no matter how hard one is affected. Kudos for Oliver Stone and non-Yugoslav (Serbian?) cast who were brave enough to participate in this pre - 9/11 project (things seem to change diametrically after this date), and performed masterfully at that. One could argue that there is some artificial even-handiness in this film, but without this, the film could have been labelled as 'propaganda'. Now, this is a well-balanced story that takes you for an emotional roller-coaster ride and leaves you shaken at the end.
Animation as it should be. Those who trashed it are too used to the Pixar style. They forget that at one time people had to actually draw this stuff. This animation style was last used in Pinochio. That's about 40 years. I saw this as a midnight hit in New Jersey back in '82. Finally got the DVD in Japan this year. Bargain price too. Brilliant stuff. Reminds me of the early issues. Also seems like issues of CREEPY or EERIE at times. I have the most fun trying to identify the SCTV stars' (John Candy, Joe Flaherty, Eugene Levy, Harold Ramis) voices.
This is the third time i have seen this film, and i absolutely adore it :). It's so fresh, sexy and real. I would just crawl into the cinema seat, with my love and simply enjoy it. :) The photo session of the film is the one of the best, okay, they don't use such a camera and scenes to produce such shots there and then, but i don't care, it mixes great i think. The fact that both Josh and Cynthia is so usual gives the film an authentic look. :) Great sex scenes and the usual differences between man and woman on display. :)
In real life, Alan Ladd was scared to death of flying (he preferred trains), but you'd never know it in this exciting action adventure set in early World War II. The old English method of training paratroopers by jumping from balloons is accurately depicted, as is the result of landing with an unopened parachute (the British, like the German airborne, eschewed the use of reserve parachutes). It's actually a pretty standard war movie, though the score is exciting and memorable, and the combat scenes, though dated now, are pretty well done, considering this movie was shot in 1953. Definitely worth watching!
This film was a real snooze-fest interrupted by brief flashes of action. In fact, most of the action took place at the beginning and the end. You could skip the whole middle. Dolph Lundgren sure didn't show the action hero we saw in The Punisher or Universal Soldier as a demolitions expert in taking apart land mines. Claire Stansfield was equally flat as the woman who recruited him to help rid Angola of a new type of mine. Someone even compared Lungren to Commando Arnold. What a joke! I imagine that there is a market for movies like this in foreign countries.
Outstanding exploitation flick with a palpable sense of sleaziness...Feels like an old E.C. comic book story, one that would have been drawn by Graham Ingals...who cares if it's a "Freaks" rip-off: it has its own unique charm, with loads of authentic carney atmosphere (producer/writer David Friedman was a carny himself up until a couple years ago) and great performances from a cast of nobodies. Shorty is incredible, as is the fat, sweaty hash joint owner at the beginning. And David Friedman as a freak show barker is not to be missed. The genuinely unsettling make-up for the She-Freak is by Ed Wood's make-up man. Good stuff.
Could it be they wanted it to be this bad so they could somehow cash in on it ala Mel Brooks' "The Producers"? It's the only reason I can think of for this great big stinking road apple of a disaster to exist. Absolutely the worst filming of a great musical ever. Wouldn't you think a red light would have gone on somewhere when they started talking about Elizabeth Taylor (whom I love) as Desiree? Wouldn't someone have said "Can we talk this over, please"? All the more unfortunate because there is precious little of Sondheim's work that has been preserved. What a shame.
This movie is about a woman getting into trouble - nothing more and nothing less. she gets robbed by two hitch-hikers, she's put into prison because she ain't got a passport anymore, a policeman rapes her and she kills him after that and escapes with a prisoner... The movie continues this way, event-event-event... Director Michael Miller is so concerned about being boring, he leaves feelings and emotion. Jones and Mimieux do their parts well, especially Mimieux. Too, I miss at least a few experiments with camera and music, but if you don't want to think about a movie this might be right for you.
This is a quality movie with quality dubbing based off of historical fact. While there may be multiple versions of this short movie (as a lot of people were uncredited in my VHS US dubbed version), the story is the same. Aside from one flashback sequence, to get the story going, the movie flows along wonderfully and logically. Historical dates, statements, and results are even given. AND, there is room for a sequel (Holloywoodinized of course). Yet being nearly 2 decades old, this movie is not well known. It is quality in a drama/thriller/mystery role and is recommended (if you can find it). viewed/owner on VHS
A friend recommended this movie to me. I was skeptical at first..I'm a Chinese and i haven't really watched a Hindi Movie seriously. BUt i didn't regret watching Kal ho Naa Ho. Heart warming, funny and touching... The songs and Choreography are great! My favourites are Pretty Woman and Kal Ho Naa Ho. The storyline is very similar to Koran dramas, except that the dialogues were much more intense! it really kept my eyes glued to the screen. The acting was very intense as well, feelings were expressed very well. The energy Level was explosive especially during the dance scenes! A must watch!!
I loved this movie. It's about young and rich group of people trying to fit in and simultaneously find themselves. They like to party, the pleasures money and status brings, dress to impress, waste money and waste themselves, but deep down they are searching for understanding, acceptance and... love. The acting is brilliant, as well as the soundtrack. The actors themselves are attractive and well-dressed, so much eye-candy:) If you liked "Hell" (the French one) and/or "London" you'll probably like this one as well, although this one is put in a less self-destructive way than the mentioned movies. All in all, definitely worth watching.
I was really impressed. Obviously the pilot had a lot of loot dumped into it, and I imagine that subsequent episodes would have to be scaled back a bit, but ultimately I really enjoyed it. I am a Smallville fan and I felt like they really nailed the 'Smallville' feel with Aquaman. There is real potential for a great show here. I honestly hope the people at the top reconsider and green light the series. Miller/Gough have developed a fantastic formula for this type of show. There is a quality to the shows that they work on that is simply missing in other productions.
Start with a budget of $16 million (in 1987). Add Brian De Palma and David Mamet, chuck in Sean Connery and Robert DeNiro, then slowly add Kevin Costner, Andy Garcia, Charles Martin Smith and Billy Drago, and whaddya get? THE UNTOUCHABLES! This testosterone-driven movie is my all time favourite, and as it was the first gangster movie I ever saw, it was a perfect introduction. By the time they were filming the climatic shootout, the film was $8 million over budget. The studio told De Palma "Forget the stopped train,forget the helecopter shots, just make it quick and simple." The end gives no evidence of this.
I love this movie! Next to "Shrimp on the Barbie," this is my favorite Cheech Marin movie as he goes on to prove he can actually be funny by not playing a pothead. A Mexican-American dragged across the border, he shows the lengths he is willing to go to return home and prove he is an American, but there is also a sensitive and heart-warming touch to his range as he proves he is also a good guy and not just some clown. Daniel Stern is also a hoot as an opportunist, and Paul Rodriguez flexes his comedic muscle that we his fans appreciate so much.
what a hoot!!!very campy, but fun, and the dolls have a personality of their own, that is crazy.... a bit over the top, but all in all not a bad b film; of the actors, all seem to be having a good time, with Warren Draper as the wimpy husband stealing every scene he is in until his gruesome death by the hands of the evil dolls.... Recently viewed one of Drapers latest films, Tomorrow is Today with Scott Taylor Compton, and he gives a very powerful performance... Blood Dolls is very much worth the rent, and the all girl band is smoking!!!!
Very entertaining movie about seven youngsters (20 somethings cast as high school students) who go on a camping trip to summer house owned by the parents of one of the seven. The main character, Mike, freaks out when he sees a smashed overturned car. He insists that this is the beginning of a weekend of horror. He's right. The usual murder-the-teens plot unfolds, but TNOT keeps it surprisingly well done. The creature and its powers are farfetched, but they work in this film. Even if you don't like anything about this film, Mike's lines will make it worth your time. They're hilarious! 8/10
The language and obscene gestures used through out the movie, do not make this one suitable for children under the age of 13. It starts when the main character meets Bingo with delightful screams of "HOLY SH__!" and screaming matches calling each other "Chicken SH__!" as well as the Parents bickering like 10 year-olds and giving each other the finger when they turn their backs. Some of the humor is suitable for young adults and adults but small children should not see this one. As an adult I found the language offensive and it did not add to the movie's value one bit.
Do not expect a pleasant movie-going experience when walking into the theater to see Grey Zone. Do expect to walk out feeling like the air you breathe is little clearer, the things you see just a bit sharper. At the screening I was at, many people walked out, briskly, within 15 minutes of the lights dimming. Grey Zone is that kind of movie. Women being tortured, lost screams, point-blank executions. This is a horror movie. Story is secondary to witnessing the behind-the-scenes crematorium politics, uprisings, and certainly the ghastly inhuman Nazi actions. Go with a loved one and walk out holding them just a little tighter.
On the eve of the opening of his first gallery show, a photographer remembers that special summer that he spent with his somewhat older cousin, the feelings that were awakened, and the unexpected turn of events behind his "best" photo. This picture may be a short but it contains a lot of true moments. Having been at about the same age as the young man in this film, the memories that the film-maker shows, re-awoke a few memories in me as well. The image of the older cousin in those then-hip now-hideous, calf length athletic socks... That image alone made this film worth while.
Worst episode of the series this far, 'Bugs' didn't make anything, no scary impact, already seen story, a story that is made for big and long movies, all that "houses built on the old Indian graveyard" kind of thing that used to work sometimes, but it definitely didn't work out for 'Supernatural' series. Unless you're scared of mass numbers of insects (on a TV show) and you like to watch 40 minutes of the most boring investigations of 'Supernatural' so far, then you should give this episode a shot, otherwise feel free to say that the first season had only 21 episodes like i said.
It's refreshing to see a movie that has very little sentimental value, but where the villains get exactly what they deserve. Gwyneth Paltrow is outstanding as the heroine who has an affair with an ill-advised lover. Michael Douglas, trying to avoid being typecast as the rich business tycoon he has played a lot of recently, is now a rich business tycoon who tries to kill his wife. The plot, though not entirely believable, at least made some sense, no small triumph in today's mystery/thriller genre. I understand that this film is a re-make of a Hitchcock movie, but unlike many, this one was a worthwhile effort.
"Let the Good Times Roll" will be screened Saturday, 9/19 in the Packard Theater at the Library of Congress Packard Campus Audiovisual Conservation Center in Culpeper, VA. The screening is free, but reservations are advised. Call (540) 827-1079, x79994, or (202) 707-9994. This is the third film in a Rock and Roll series that also includes "Ferry Cross the Mersey" on Friday, 9/18/09 at 7:30 pm, and "The Big TNT Show" on Saturday, 9/19 at 7:30 pm. Also showing with "Ferry Cross the Mersey" will be "Rhythm 'n' Greens" starring the Shadows. The theater is located at 19053 Mount Pony Road, Culpeper, VA. More details: http://www.loc.gov/today/pr/2009/09-161.
Cool movie! One of my personal faves! It's the best Crow movie 'til now in my opinion. Eric Mabius looks great as the third Crow and Kirsten Dunst acts brilliantly as Lauren Randall's sister. The first part of the plot is pretty common (a guy being set up for his girlfriend's murder) but the next is typical Crow-Corvis(Mabius) comes back from the dead to revenge both deaths. Though the blood doesn't look real.More ketchup, please! There are lots of great special effects which make it great (the car chase scene where the car and the helicopter blow up). The rest is cool...
I saw this movie this morning by chance on cable and it is absolutely charming. Though this doesn't have the plot twists that Sixth Sense had, it does address some of the same issues, including death and the spirituality of children. Joseph Cross, the kid who plays the main character, is great and so is Rosie O'Donnell as one of the nuns at the school he attends. Also very good is Dan Lauria(he was the Dad on "The Wonder Years) in a small role as one of the priests. All in All, very good movie for kids 9+ and families. Bob C.
I have watched this film several times and aided by a gap of a few years between viewings and a bad memory, so i cant remember the twist, it is very enjoyable. I think it is very underrated because there are so many police/romance films- the initial impression is that it follows that well trodden path but the dialogue is v good, the story is good and the characters are great. The Al Pacino character in particular- he is a proper grown up complex person brought to life on screen- doesn't have all the answers, messed up a things but keeps plugging away.
Well what can I say about this masterpiece of a documentary? First: It's a film made by a real metal-head, who has a big knowledge about the best kind of music in the world. Although he is a Die-Hard-Metalfan, he tries to be objective and just to document the heavy metal universe and its origins. This with success! Second: He interviews many important pioneers and members of the scene,like Slayer, Enslaved, Ronnie James Dio,Lemmy from Motörhead... etc. But I think In Flames and Metallica would have been necessary, too. Third: XXXXXXX awesome, Sam Dunn, you rule! Greetings from a Die-Hard-Metalhead from Metal-Nation Germany! Philipp
Saw Takva last night at The Sydney Film Festival 2007, utterly compelling, driven by Erkan Can's fine performance as Muharrem, a devout Muslim in contemporary Istanbul. Previous posts outline more. I was fascinated by the way Takva engages with contemporary Turkey, a notionally democratic and secular society since the 1920s. Yes, Muharrem has an existential crisis, also familiar to audiences of Shrek 3 in another way ... dare I mention it, by profane comparison. I suspect Takva has a satirical streak, once you imagine the dervishs's lodge could be the current government of Turkey. Am I right? Responses from Turkish members most welcome.
This "game" actually made a better movie than a game. Some of the combat sequences tend to be a touch repetative, but the wonderful feel of being in "a movie" is really, really quite nice. The mission tree allows for multiple endings, so there's the chance that you'll be the dog of the movie instead of the hero. Odd that Chris Roberts would tap adult movie actress Ginger Allen for such a prominant role... but I'll give credit where credit is due, she did a wonderful job acting. If you want to see how multimedia games SHOULD be done, find a copy of Wing Commander III
" Empire of the Wolves" is a smart and hip thriller with some supernatural elements. Two, at first glance, unconnected stories slowly, but surely merge and form the whole puzzle. What stands out in this movie is the rainy, drizzly cinematography.Gray, stifled light, lends an oppressive aura to the already deeply affected viewer. Paris in this story is not a city of love and romance. This Paris is a city of filth and rats, of human slavery and relentless violence. Maybe, not a great advertisement for expected tourists, but a welcome twist for movie lovers. All in all interesting and fresh movie, with spark of originality.
Tired. Retread. Pained. Another smug, self-congratulatory and masturbatory film from Christoper Guest. Really, haven't we already seen this film several times over? Levy, always slightly creepy and disconcerting to watch, is excruciating in this one. The same could be said for Catherine O' Hara, who with Harry Shearer should stick to animated films. Parker Posey appears to be either painfully constipated or passing a kidney stone the size of Jupiter's Great Red Spot throughout most of the movie. And isn't everyone just tired of seeing Jennifer Coolidge in any role other than that of Stifler's mother? All in all, a wretched follow-up to A Mighty Wind.
this is a passive movie by ace director anthony minghella, the movie has an awesome star cast and they all give competent performances early in their careers. the movie does not have much of a plot and though the story seems veers to a cliched and predictable end, there are enough minor twists that abound in the movie, making it quite an enjoyable watch. the standout features of the movie include its tight script, terrific lines and smart performances. the plot in itself is no great shakes but this movie is a fun watch for a relaxed evening. an enjoyable and pleasant 7!
Little Britain is a hilarious British Comedy that stars Matt Lucas and David Walliams that play several characters each. This has made me laugh in many ways such as Marjorie Dawes (Fat Fighters), Carol "Computer Says No" Beer, Judy and Maggie, Mr Mann, "Bubbles" De Vere etc. Most of it gives me a laugh although it gets repetitive and predictable after a while and it's not so funny. Always watch a couple of episodes at once because of that reason Ignoring that it is a typical British comedy that will lighten you up when you are feeling down. Great show and very funny. 4.5/5
This is an okay effort from Jim Carrey. It really doesn't let him prove himself as a genuine good actor, the role is a little restrictive. This film spawned a whole bunch of look-a-likes for carrey, and it wasn't until Cable Guy came out, that I figured out he was seriously a good actor. This effort is funny, to a certain extent, the butt talking, etc. can be enjoyable. But, after a little while it gets a little tiresome. If want a genuine good comedy, don't rent this one, but if you just are looking for a couple of cheap laughs, by all means rent it.
Darryl Zanuck's first release after the merging of his 20th Century co. and Fox studio, this features the boyish baritone, Lawrence Tibbett, in his prime. He was a busy guy in the 30s: top Metropolitan Opera star, movies, concerts, recitals and many radio appearances. The usual backstage story is played out with cheerful verve by the superior cast. Tibbett singing highlights are the famous "Figaro" aria from Barber of Seville; The Toreador Song from Bizet's Carmen; the Prologue to Pagliacci; as well as his rousing concert showpieces, "On the Road To Mandalay" and "De Glory Road: a negro spiritual." Tibbett's autobiography is titled The Glory Road.
Jan Svankmajer has portrayed many wacky things, but "Jidlo" is a whole new level. Portraying bizarre things happening during each meal, he goes all out. The first vignette "Breakfast" seems to be a slight repeat of his earlier movie "Et Cetera". The most eye-opening vignette is "Lunch", in which two men at a table can't get the waiter's attention, and resort to eating their plates, utensils, clothes, and even the table...but they don't intend to stop there. With "Dinner", Svankmajer decides to be grosser than the Farrelly brothers could ever dream of being. Maybe this isn't Svankmajer's best movie ever, but it's still worth seeing.
I happened to catch this movie last night on tv. Nevertheless, it was sunday and I live in a town where tumbleweeds are more lively than the actual citizens. Anyway, this movie was pure unadultered crap. The direction was crap, some decent acting, and the sets looked like those of a shitty american soap opera. This movie was a joke, if I kept on watching it was because my only other option was some Martha Stewart show, and i Can't put up with that since my liver is about to give up on me. Well, skip this at all costs, it is not worth a penny.
This movie is the adaptation of Stefan Zweig's story "Letter from an unknown woman" to China settling in a time period before the cultural revolution (1930-1948). The director (Xu Jinglei) who is also the main actress of the movie has created a very nice visual atmosphere to reflect a heartbreaking one-sided love story. The performances of the players and the music of the movie are successful. Although the tempo of the movie becomes unnecessarily slow at certain parts, the overall result is quite satisfactory. If you are interested in Asian culture and the living style, you will find an additional taste in this movie.
The great thing about Joe Dante in the 1980s was his knack for instilling humor into the sci-fi genre. Innerspace is probably one of the greats in that category, mixing in some great special effects (for its time) and some hillarious performances by Martin Short and Dennis Quaid. But what I especially enjoyed was the concept, turning a film that could have been serious and urgent into a film that was both funloving and interesting to watch. Sure, the whole idea is bupkiss and it was an homage to Fantastic Voyage, but the twist Dante put on it certainly makes it worth watching over and over.
Occasionally, a movie comes along that is a delight from the beginning to end. "Innerspace" had all of the elements perfect, from writing to acting. Martin Short is absolutely hysterical. This was the perfect vehicle for his physical nature. I never laughed at him in other films as much as I did here. As I recall this movie in my home town, it did not spend that much time in the theater. I never saw it until it was released on video. It apparently did not gross that much money, and that is a mystery to me. It remains one of my all-time favorites.
Elissa Down has used her personal experience of growing up with two autistic brothers, one of whom she describes as a "Rainman" character, and the other the inspiration for Charlie, the autistic and ADHD-afflicted brother of Thomas. The story is touching, sometimes side-splittingly funny, sometimes tragically upsetting, but ultimately uplifting. There isn't a weak performance, and as usual Toni Collette gives a believable portrayal of a mother whose strength holds her family together. Luke Ford is amazing as Charlie, reminiscent of Leonardo Di Caprio in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" It's good to see an Australian film that tackles such a difficult subject, and does so brilliantly.
Spoiler: sort of..... I was okay with this film until about the 20 minute mark when the autistic boy starts playing with his own feces. And it's not just one quick scene either. It carries on through a sequence that lasts a good five minutes. I'm just not that dedicated to Australian cinema. And even if you take that scene out, this thing really doesn't come across as a good advertisement for Australian film. It's the same old story we always see about a quaint little family drama that fundamentally bores the living day lights out of anyone who isn't Megan Spencer.
This movie, while accurate, is the most disturbing piece of cinematography on autism that I've ever seen. I have personal experience with autism, my sister and I had to leave the theater in the middle of the movie because it so accurately portrays the life of a family that has experience with autism. I would not recommend this movie. I think this would be helpful for people who would like to understand autism better. But people who have children or siblings with autism should avoid this movie, it's an emotional roller coaster which could prove to be too much on the more sensitive family members.
i personally love this movie. it's one of those movies that you wouldn't really think of watching it on the theater. but when it gets shown on HBO, it is considered as a rare find. Frequency is a more serious combination on Back to the Future :) it's all too impossible to happen, but the movie made you feel that it COULD happen. there's a lot of emotional moments here and there, but there's also a mix of suspense which is surprisingly just right. this a great film, if there are flaws, i didn't bother listing it because the story itself shines. great actors too.
This movie captures the raw Gleason to the point of dislike; however, movie reflects that he was a driven man who knew what the audience wanted...frankly, by their reactions to prior performances. Brad Garrett captures this well and Michael Chieffo is an excellent Art Carney (who should play Carney in his own movie as the man is that convincing.) When viewing this film pay close attention to the earlier years when Gleason is a boy and the expressions used by his father around the house and in treating his mother. Gleason eventually turns what would be deemed as closet skeletons into humor. Nicely done!
spiders is a good film it trys hard for a small film and it looks good. The sfx are very good for a film of this size (they are from knb)and they are well put together. you cauld say a lot of bad things about this film but then you are missing the point. You are not surposed to take it that way and if you cauld make a better film about giant spiders for under $1.5 million for that is what this film costs i would be pleased to review it for you. so if you like big B movies then watch this.
"New York Minute" is a summer movie for 10 to 16 year-old girls. The Olsen twins film tells the tale of twins who have many mis-adventures during a day-time trip to New York City. The sisters have very different personalities and very different reasons for going to the "big apple". Neither one has a boy friend when the film starts but both end up with a boy friend when the film ends. Supporting cast is basically window dressing so your reason for seeing this should not be to see them, but rather to see the maturing twins. GRADES = For target audience, "B"; others, "C"
Only due to the fact that I love slasher/serial kill movies, did I rate this as high as 3. I skipped past the opening credits. The next scene opens in a cop station. In the ensuing seconds, it shows the cop browsing data on various wanted suspects. I believe the intent was that we would assume he was continuously going forward through the database. If you slo-mo and pause, you'll note the details in several suspects' files, and you'll note one that describes a sex crime. These details are displayed several times, and although the details are the same, the suspect's picture is different LOL
This is a truly spellbinding movie, one of the more bizarre you are likely to see. With Lon Chaney hiding from the law pretending to be an armless circus performer. Joan Crawford is stunningly beautiful as Nanon, the girl he loves. A well done serpentine story that tells more in under an hour than most films made today can tell in two hours. Chaney is the best film actor of all time, he really was the man of a thousand faces. It is a shame that some Browning/Chaney films have been lost forever, but this is one that should be watched by all, it is fantastic.
A kind of religious movie... A young rich woman (an angel?) comes, sets free the poor people living like prisoners in "Cold Comfort Farm" (great title!) and, once her mission is done, flies away. Before her arrival, all were dull and enslaved by the old lady living upstairs... but our angel knows what's right for everyone. Maybe the message is: you will be happy only if you follow your dreams. A delicious English fairy tale, that I watched with a constant smile on my face. Schlesinger proves himself a very good director. After all, can anyone tell me what the old lady saw in the wood-store?
"Cold Comfort Farm" has a familiar plot, but is very well done. Portraying young Flora Poste (Kate Beckinsale) moving in with her backwards relatives in 1930s England and trying to change everything, the movie has the perfect pacing. It's the sort of situation where her relatives sort of irk you, but you can't help but admire them (mainly due to Flora's snobbish attitude about everything). It just goes to show what a great director John Schlesinger ("Midnight Cowboy", "The Day of the Locust", "Pacific Heights") was. He will definitely be missed. Also starring Eileen Atkins, Stephen Fry, Joanna Lumley, Ian McKellen, Miriam Margoyles and Rufus Sewell.
Candy is one of my all-time favorite films. Although cited as one of the worst movies of all time, it had many things going for it including a big-name cast and excellent 60's psychedelic cinematography. It is impossible to see now unless you can find someone who can sell you a pirate tape. The Movie Channel used to show it but I haven't seen a listing for Candy in a decade or more. Who has the video rights? Did Marlon Brando buy them up out of embarrassment? I would like to see both the film video and the soundtrack (Dave Grusin w/Byrds & Steppenwolf) become available.
Some of the worst dialogue clunkers in the history of cinema. Utterly unrealistic situations and characters. One must suppose that writer/director Hruska thought he was making a charming movie with aspirations to pay homage to Hollywood comedies of the 40s. Problem is, this movie does not have one funny line in its bloated length. Also, the subject matter does not easily lend itself to breezy comedy, and most certainly does not the way it's treated here. Performances are lackluster with special mention going to James Badge Dale as Ben. Mr. Dale has the charisma of a warm turd and, strangely enough, the acting ability of one.
Robot Chicken is simply hilarious.The show is written by Seth Green, who I didn't really find funny as an actor, but as a writer, he is simply hilarious.This show is almost as funny as family guy.Like family guy, it has plenty of pop culture references.It is much more raunchier and f-ed up than family guy was.The show is 15min long(two episodes a night play on Teletoon) and basically involves a series of short stop-motion skits.Some are simply hilarious, the others are just plain random.There have been very few bad ones.If you like shows in the vein of Family Guy, you will love Robot CHicken! 10/10
I thought this film couldve been a little more developed (even for a assumed prequel) considering the circumstances of it being a movie based on one of the best comic books ever. Still, there are many things to like in this film. The action, the characters, the visual and special fx and someother things. It is a must see, but fans of the comic book might be a little confused of the characters being kinda young (Rogue in this film is a teen and in the comic book series she is an adult) and being under-developed. Note- look for Ray Park (Darth Maul) as Toad. A-
I would be nice if the people who control the rights to the show, . remaster them and release all 97 episodes to DVD. . I found 95 of the episodes, but haven't found the "Th Bride" episode and another. . Outer Limits, . Twilight Zone, . One Step Beyond, . The Inner Sanctum were the shows to watch for sci-fi, horror on TV as a kid. . All of the programs, not only entertained but also made you think, dream and look at the world, thinking of the future.
this film has been made by joe d'amato aka Aristide Massaccesi with kind of european sense of social life and interpreted by my favour actress Luciana Ottaviani aka Jessica Moore that she plays a role as top model and in reality she is a writer with the role of Sarah Asproon that Aristide Massaccesi ( Joe d'Amato) wrote in the different names one of is Sarah Asproon it is a very nice film and deserves an excellent as reward. unfortunately it is very sad that Aristide Massaccesi is dead otherwise he would direct other film to let the people to applause his talented trick of magic
This little film (actually 3 separate films) looks as if it was shot as a college film school thesis. The characters all seem to be students, academics, and artists, exactly the kind of people who populate such films! The characters don't seem to be experiencing any romantic epiphanies, either, but rather the filmmaker seems to be exploring the kind of questions of how-do-you-fall-in-love-and-who-with that are so ... collegiate. I found it mildly diverting; my wife found it a good cure for her insomnia. As a travelogue, it provides a great tour of the parks of Paris, and glimpses of the Metro and city streets.
An independent film, "American Desi" accurately captures the ABCD/FOB experience. The title is a play on the phrase "American Born Confused Desi", used by Indian immigrants as a disparaging term for first-generation Indian-American (Desi is Hindi for "someone from our land", meaning India). It's a good mix of cross-cultural issues, with an ensemble cast that also covers the diverse nature of India itself: characters include Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs. Engaging & fun, this film is full of Indian & western music, offering a good blend of cultures. Smartly produced, it's a well-written story that is reminiscent of American teen films from the 80's.
Advertising has never really been accurately portrayed on TV or in the movies. "Suits" does the best job of any show/movie in giving viewers a closer look at agency life. Maybe real-life creatives aren't all having sex in their offices (or I'm working in the wrong places), but most of what you see is spot-on. Sure, they take some license with certain characters (not all account executives are back-stabbing clothes-horses). But it wouldn't have been as interesting without a bit of exaggeration. I didn't really think it was a 10, but I rated it as such because I felt all the other ratings were too low.
Like "Chocolat", "Big Night" is the sort of movie that makes your mouth water. Portraying Italian immigrant brothers Primo (Tony Shalhoub) and Secondo (Stanley Tucci) trying to recruit Louis Prima to sing at their ailing restaurant in 1950s New Jersey, it's a great movie from various aspects. I felt like I just wanted to jump into the movie and eat everything on the screen. Anyway, it's a movie that I recommend to everyone. This was certainly a great introduction for me to both Shalhoub and Tucci. I still enjoy thinking about it. Also starring Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Liev Schreiber, Ian Holm and Allison Janney.
This is a perfect Sunday afternoon film, when you're stuffed with roast and vegging on the sofa. The plot is nowhere to be seen, but the film ambles along in a series of sketches and setpieces usually involving Dundee being amazed by the crazy Americans and coming up with some Australian saying to sum up the situation. 'Gay, well I am kinda happy' Yay Mick, you show those Americans who's boss. In summary, a ludicrous film, but I really enjoyed it. And I agree with crocodile dundee about coffee enemas. 'Don't order a coffee here, you might not like how they serve it'
Why people vote so low ?,i cant see what i wrong on this movie ,i saw worse...,and you have to think also in the back of your head it is a TV movie so that means less money to make that film..,i think they forgot that ,so the film is about a virus that comes free on a plane cash and than you see the results if such thing can happen...,very realistic if you think of the real life now Anthrax ....and that kind of stuff...so...i think people rate it too low they underestimated the script,the crew also was good a few good actors and actresses.
I rediscovered this show through the wonders of (how fitting!) the Internet. The show is funnier for me today than when it first aired, mainly because I now understand that the main target were not children but people of more age, something that is relatively unknown. The show is wonderfully silly and smart, referencing itself constantly, spoofing Hollywood, breaking character and being as "Brechtian" as possible. Live action sequences are constantly used and clichés are consciously overdone. It is a fantastic piece of work that makes fun of TV and movies in a wacky and enjoyable way. I wish it could be revived, I really do.
Perhaps there are people who would disdain the grainy look of this film, or hate the jumpy camera work. I, for one, think that Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is a genius. You really have to appreciate his film making. Amores Perros is a must see for those of you who haven't seen it yet, and Powder Keg is no exception either. This film focuses much more on emotions and injustices in Central and South America, and really lays the drama on in the end. Brilliant work. I'm glad that BMW did this series, perhaps they will see fit to release it on DVD, that would be excellent.
so these leeches get in you and turn you into a sex crazed zombie. that's the plot. this flick has exactly what makes a horror movie good: despair and hopelessness. it leaves you wondering, "how this boy gonna get out of this situation?!" and the hero of this flick, roger, he catches on to what's going' down right away, and acts like a true boy from the word go. what's he do when some hottie tries to get all up on him during the mayhem? knocks her out without a second thought, of course. cronenberg always delivers. horror fans, watch this, and take some notes.
The fifth "The Hire" movie is an impressive little short. It's impressive because of the story, that is helped by its gritty atmosphere. The atmosphere is wonderful and typically Mexican style like. It really reminded me of "Man on Fire". It's gritty and sets the perfect mood for the story. The great cinematography is from 2 times Academy Award winner Robert Richardson and the music is from the talented composer Harry Gregson-Williams. The movie and its story know to impress and it has some wonderful dialog, altogether with a powerful ending is what makes this movie a bit of a must see. 8/10
One of Surrender's good, early efforts. This is from the same director as Femalien and the two films are pretty comparable in quality. There are several sex scenes all tied around the concept of the main character's trip to a "virtual reality" studio. If the technology shown really existed, the company's profits would exceed those of GM, IBM, Coca Cola and Exxon-Mobil combined. :) A couple of real highlights in the film were the strip club scene and the wet lesbian/three way. But all of the scenes were good. Given the low price and high quality of the video, this is an easy recommendation.
"The Age of Innocence" takes the audience into the pages of 19th century New York's social register as it follows one eligible blue blood, Day-Lewis, and his love interests (Pfeiffer & Ryder). The film, which boasts many awards including several Oscars, is a 2+ hour long tale of the this and that of the upper crust's elite replete with lavish sets, elegant costuming, and a narration which is required to explain the film's esoterics. The fun of "Age..." is not so much in the story as it is in the telling. A feast for those interested in period flicks and the social innerworkings of high society.
There are movies that shows you how hard can life be for people considered different or out of place. We know that Adrian Caetano is quite an expert in such films. "Bolivia" is not an exception. Really good, makes you think about facts that seems quite normal in our countries.In Argentina the Bolivian or Paraguayan people are generally unwanted immigrants, as Argentinians are unwanted in other places like USA, Italy or Spain. This movie shows clearly how can individual tragedies be part of social discrimination. Considered as "Nuevo Cine Argentino", Caetano's filmography should be watched carefully, being a good director that tells simple but deep stories.
I am studying sound design and this movie blew me away. Watched it late night only because of the excellent James C. The most striking thing is when ever there is a violent scene, the director choose to fade out and loose all natural sound and simply play a simple but striking piece of piano. It distances you from the horror of the violence, it seemed to me to be as if I was being sheltered from the full effect. Powerful and poetic this was a revisionist western way ahead of its peers and only to be matched by Clint Eastwood's High plains drifter and Beguiled.
this movie isn't my cup of tea.i couldn't watch it all,since i lost interest,but form what i saw,it just wasn't good.i just found it boring,with pretty bad acting,and a plot that is all over the place.it's a Russian made movie,the second i have seen now.the first one being Nightwatch.i didn't like that movie either.it also has a plot that doesn't make a lot of sense,at least in my opinion.anyway,Mirror Wars starts off promising enough,with some scenes of jet fighters doing maneuvers,which look pretty impressive.after that though,it's not so good.i wouldn't recommend it myself,but if you liked Nghtwatch,you might like this movie.for me,Mirror Wars is a 3/10
"Beyond the Door 3" is a pathetic trash.The acting is horrendous,the script is putrid and the music is awful.Absolutely no suspense,no atmosphere,just boring,meaningless c*** OK,there are some good gore bits for example one guy is cut in half by a chain,but the film isn't very bloody,so gore-hounds will be disappointed.The ending is one of the worst ever.The special effects rank from acceptable to totally fake.I'm a big horror fan and I really couldn't appreciate this one.To sum up,"Beyond the Door 3" is okay to laugh at with friends,but good luck sitting through this twice.Don't waste your precious time unless you like really bad horror movies.Not recommended.
There may not be a more ironic scene in film than henry fonda's confrontation with the priest at prison's gate...or a more pungent line than his 'they made me a murderer'.....or a more fatalistic ending than you have here...the point is that the best ingredients of film noir are present in a film made 10 years before film noir's peak...that's how far ahead fritz lang's vision was...sure he went on to make 'the big heat' and scarlet street' among others...but 'you only live once' is his starkest glimpse at man's small place in a vast, oppressive society where good intentions are powerless in a black universe.
Aside from not having any plot, the dialogue was painful, and the characters were annoying. There was certainly no message contained in this movie, either. It seems as if Greg Araki couldn't come up with an entire movie, but had a "great idea" for about 3 scenes worth of material, and just repeated them for 2 hours. That recurring 666 gag was great, too. This movie isn't even worth renting as a laugh. There aren't any redeeming qualities about this movie to make it worth tolerating. Avoid this movie at all costs, you'll just end up turning it off halfway through. I know I wanted to.
Dakota Fanning's performance was super, but DeNiro slept-walked through it. He's on my list of favorite actors, but I have no idea why he took this role. The direction and editing were sloppy, and the writing even worse. I watched it because I like the people in it, and kept hoping it would improve. Sadly, it didn't, despite decent performances by Elizabeth Shue and Famke Janssen (sorry if her name is misspelled.) The surprise ending was just plain lame. I think the idea had some merit, but it just wasn't well written or otherwise believable. I recommend watching just about anything else.
I see this movie as being more like a living document. Something in the vein of a Ken Burns documentary. What is extraordinary about it is that is does not pose any theories. Just gives you the facts, especially the ones missing from the final report, then lets you make up your own mind about it. The performances are mostly good, though some of the smaller roles seem very stiff, as though he was using non-actors. Sam Waterston is great as he comes off with a full personality. And, of course, it's always great to see Joe Don Baker. Definitely a movie worth seeing.
This is a low-budget little drama written by Ed Wood Jr. focusing on what can happen when parents don't make enough time to spend with their children. Paula Parkins(Jean Morehead)is a spoiled little rich girl. Her father(Arthur Millan)is the editor of the local newspaper and her mother(Barbara Weeks)is a social climber. At night Paula and her friends dress as men and rob gas stations. They attack young lovers parked in lover's lane and actually sexually assault an unlucky/lucky guy. Of course all the mayhem that develops and progresses will turn to tragedy. Drive-in movie fare. Other players: Theresa Hancock, Gloria Farr, Lee Constant and Timothy Farrell.
I do not see how people could give this movie such credit. PLEASE! The only part of this movie that caught my attention was the "stuck in the outback" scene and thats it! The affair is utterly shallow and boring. And the death is also very uninteresting. And as others have posted... The last act I was about to shut the television off. It was honestly 30 minutes of the same music, that was honestly a jackhammer to the head. All in all, this movie was completely dull and unengaging. 7.0 is ridiculous, I wonder what these other reviewers are thinking. -psilo
As other reviewers have already pointed out, the insertion of archival footage from previous mid-40s Curly shorts is what proves to be the downfall of this particular episode--which is something of a shame, since I found a lot of the new scenes to be quite hilarious; particularly the opening scenes with the stooges making their homemade brew (I'm sorry Moe, the crock skidded). Of course, the stock footage was probably a combination of events, stemming from Curly's obviously declining health & the old thrift master Jules White showing an early affinity for saving a few dollars (something that came into greater prominence in the '50s).
Having just seen the 2008 BBC version of "Little Dorrit," I was delighted that Turner Classic Movies was showing this 1988 version. But what a disappointment it proved to be. Comparatively, the '88 version is much...MUCH...duller. Instead of a roller-coaster ride of interesting characters, the '88 version is slow and plodding. The individual scenes never come to life. Sarah Pickering as Little Dorrit never engages one's interest. And while Derek Jacobi's Arthur Clennam may be closer to the book's description than Matthew Macfadyen from the BBC version, he and Sarah Pickering have no romantic chemistry. All in all, not an entertaining presentation.
This movie is not good, it's supposed to be horror, but it didn't frighten me at all. It has a great plot (they really thought about it this time), but it's made in a cheap way. Like for example: there's a piece of clothing flying, but you can see that it's held up by the camera man! These things and the bad acting make the horror movie a B movie. I rated it a 4 on 10 because there are much worse horror movies and because it has a great background idea (some chick being terrorized by her dead aunt and the inhabitants of her bungalows).
OMG this film was so awful that it was funny! The dialogue was the poorest I've ever seen! The acting was even worse! The director - where was he? It's not surprising that the writer and director John McBrearty has only worked on this film, and no other! the guy hasn't a clue! nor has his wife who co wrote this piece of trash! However if you want a pi$$ take out of a film, and have a few laughs along the way, then watch it purely for this purpose alone! I managed 30 minutes and that was just because I was in shock!
rented deadgirl nov 15's afternoon along with another, better horror movie, laid to rest. rented deadgirl based on a lot of positive reviews from various print and electronic sources. big disappointment, in my opinion. while watching deadgirl, i kept thinking/hoping, we get some backstory about the deadgirl. who was she? her connection to the abandoned hospital? how did she die? the teenage boys and their behavior was nothing new. if the actors were trying to be annoying and stupid, they accomplished their goals.... the lead characters were the most annoying. kudos to them. i mean, they were thinking with the smaller heads...........
I absolutely despise this movie. There is not a single laugh. You'd think after having respectable names from the field of comedy that this hunk of junk might actually be worth something. Not a chance. I can't believe that Kevin McDonald and Rodney Dangerfield didn't provide any good ad-lib to make this movie work somehow. The guy who wrote and directed this garbage should be put on death row for making them follow his brain-dead script. If this movie went completely out of print and no one ever heard from it again, the world would be a few steps closer to being a better place.
This movie really isn't good. I honestly don't see how so many people like it. The story is pretty shallow, the "lessons learned" are cliché, and the music is boring. There I said it. Also, It's laced with fake "edginess", almost to the point of being unbearable. It's only saving grace Is the actors, who understandably still work well together after all those years, even newcomers Rosario Dawson and whoever plays Joanne fit in nicely. But everything else, and I mean everything, is generic and tiring. P.S. I understand that some people will say the anyone who doesn't like this movie is homophobic. They're wrong.
This is one of the most inane films I have ever had the misfortune of viewing. It was totally insipid; completely lacking in any entertainment value at all. The dialogue was written on a grade school level, the acting was unbelievably phoney, the story was non-existent. It was supposed to be funny, I know, but something went very wrong during production. George Hamilton was perfect for the part, however. He is a 2-bit actor, therefore, he was just right for this 2-bit effort. Richard Benjamin was pathetic, but maybe it wasn't his fault. Look at the lines he was asked to repeat. This movie was pitiful.
From the mind of gore master Herschell Gordon Lewis. a ghastly tale of the revenge of Dracula. John Stone(Bill Rogers), a quirky mundane business man,receives a couple of bottles of brandy that supposedly and unknown to him contains the spirit of Dracula's blood. Stone's wife(Elizabeth Wilkinson)realizes that her husband has become cold and distant since sampling the brandy. Stone is drawn to Europe, where he continues an awkward taste for blood and is driven by urgent revenge to destroy the last remaining descendants of Count Dracula's persecutors. Pretty lame even for Lewis's standards. Others in the cast: William Kerwin, Eleanor Vaill, Gail Janis and Otto Schlessinger.
...then see this movie. It is typical, B-action movie. Overacted, with the wide range of teen-aged sarcasm to deer-in-the-headlights serious-face. Wesley spends most of the movie looking like he's drugged and regretting something - like signing up for this flick. He does get to do some karate kicks and yelling, though. For Obradors, this is a big step-up. Unfortunately, she is made for T.V. and certain magazines. Her role begs to be taken seriously and such is impossible. Premise device has promise: hallucinations on command. Certainly gave the editor something to do. I pity those who shelled out money for this. They must have been ticked-off.
I'm very surprised that it's NOT mentioned that Solstice is a remake of "Midsommer"(a Norwegian/Swedish, horror/drama/thriller, from 2003) I've seen both movies and the plot is almost identical. Of course the details is somewhat different, but overall, it is most definitely the same story. The Norwegian/Swedish story (being the original), IS better (also it made the theaters). Solstice offered no surprises and parts of the story was really to convenient (thinking specially of one of the characters, if you see the movie, you'll know what I'm talking about). If you haven't seen "Midsommer", then I recommend you to see it first (if you can) before "Solstice".
This is a Burt Kennedy western? Is that Strother Martin acting like Jerry Lewis trying to play a rapist? Why does Ernest Borgnine's character seem to forget at least twice what he said or did in previous scenes? This is one of the most off-kilter western movies I've ever scene until the last 20 minutes which is superb but seems to come out of left-field from a completely different movie. Otherwise, this one plays like The Over The Hill Gang Meets I Spit On Your Grave. This one is either brilliant totally beyond my understanding, or a gory misfire. Until shown otherwise, I give it 4/10.
Sody pop and hot rods and teen lingo. This is definitely a movie out of the 50s. No snakes or dinosaurs or alligators, but a giant gila monster snaking on delicious people. Sheriff Jeff (Fred Graham) is at a loss and the town bigwig (Bob Thompson) is on his case. But, there is one teen (Don Sullivan) around that seems to have the knowledge and gumption to do something. For his first two films Ken Curtis ("Gunsmoke") calls on special effects whiz Ray Kellogg (The Green Berets, The Killer Shrews) to direct his own story. Not a bad tale for the time.
This is quite possibly the most hideously anti-American anti-patriotic film ever made by a western producer. Persons who support the American war effort in Iraq and who are opposed to terrorism are portrayed as hateful racists who commit an unthinkable crime in the name of patriotism. Then, these persons are brought to justice; not by secular forces, but by the supernatural and presumably infallible forces of the spirit world. It is a feeble attempt to put a supernatural stamp of approval on holier-than-thou liberalism. I recommend that you watch this film just to see how deeply entrenched the forces of skullduggery have become.
I'm sure pre-teens liked this movie. This is one of those films where a very competent technical staff has to watch their work being neutralized by flat and inappropriate acting and poor direction. The sets are good, the lighting is well done, and for TV, the Special Effects are more than adequate. But the main characters are one-dimensional, the supporting cast bad, and the bit-players, many who are local Egyptian people, are almost embarrassing. It's a shame. A director's job is to work with what you've got, and find ways to make even the smallest role as believable as possible. It just didn't happen here.
I had hoped for much more. With the cast it should have been great. With the topic of the story (abortion) it should have been great. Instead it became a scene tearing, over done, over emotional, ultimately boring movie. Talk about waste, this is a good example. In addition, it was unrealistic, not believable, i.e: the most junior justice, only on the court 3 days, delivering one of the most important decisions in years. A dying man singing Danny Boy to change his friend's vote. I could go on. Fortunately, I dozed through parts of the movie so was spared the full disaster this movie represents.
A bunch of criminals kill a couple of cops. The police goes after them. The police have a progressive female boss who wants to put it all in media. This is supposed to say something about modern times and especially media times. If you thought "Natural Born Killers" was pathetic, don't watch "Breaking News". This criticism is not for real, it's obviously only a way of trying to be on Western level also than it comes to society satire. This script doesn't even reach comic book level. The directing and acting are even worse. There even isn't a descent amount of blood. Keep away!
This has to be one of the most badly acted and boring horror films around. The atmosphere is dull and boring and the acting aside from Geoffrey's is abysmal. It has a story, but it seems to be more fitted to a short film then a feature length movie. It is fairly slow moving, which wouldn't be a bad thing, if it didn't take the most obvious plot line imaginable. I was hoping the film would have a sense of humour, with one or two classic oneliners, but no...it's just plain bad. The special effects are cheap and nasty, just like the film...Avoid at all costs!
I've long held the theory that the level of sexism displayed on a DVD's front cover is directly proportional to the dreadfulness of the film itself. I should have been warned off by the stiletto clad legs on display on this DVD, but I was foolishly blinded by the impressive cast list. It's a shame I didn't heed my own inner alarm system, because I would have saved myself an episode of eye strain from the godawful editing and boredom from the godawful script. This DVD would serve the film industry and mankind to better avail by being used as a drink coaster. Utterly awful.
"Stealth Fighter" is a joke from start to end. Terrible actors, horrible screenplay and an even worse story makes this one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The film is a bad copy of "Golden Eye", which already is terrible so what is to be expected anyway? Then mix it up with actors from the bad side of gangster rap and "Picket Fences", and there you have it, Stealth Fighter. The only positive thing about this movie is that it even makes Steven Seagal-films look good, a hard task all by itself. Do yourself a favor, don't waste any time by seeing this flop.
Nice production values and potentially interesting premise are wasted on a totally inane script, written by hacks with obviously no interest - or talent - for research. For example, we're supposed to find plausible that the U.S. planted nuclear devices in the Eastern European capitals, as a deterrent to a *Soviet* attack. Or that a 4-star general takes orders from the National Security Advisor who, sorry to inform you guys, is not in the chain of command. Or that an over-made-up Vogue model bimbo is only one of two people who can defuse one of those nuclear devices. And no, it's not even unintentionally funny.
Apparently the filmmakers didn't even have time for the Cliff's Notes version of the English Civil War. Last time I checked, Oliver Cromwell was regarded even by his enemies as one of the foremost military minds in history. The New Model Army was his baby. And a biggot? The man welcomed the Jewish faith and open practice thereof back to England, for God's sake. As for comparing these events to the French Revolution/Reign of Terror, the FACT of the matter is that it was essentially the American Revolution...just a little ahead of it's time. (Something, no doubt, the Brits simply cannot contemplate.) Sad, silly, revisionist stuff.
I haven't read the book, but unfortunately I saw this film, being a big Cate Blanchett fan. Well, I still remain a fan and don't blame her for this 'spy game' drek, but still, what were they thinking? How can they make a story like this boring? Variety called this movie "bland and dour", I'd have to add silly. Billy Crudup's weird little attempt at a french accent made me giggle at times, and there is absolutely no chemistry between the leads. I liked the villain, Anton Lesser, and some of the camera work held my interest, but for the most part, wait for the video.
Ray Liotta as a forensic examiner who discovers he can experience and thereby solve his wife's murder by injecting himself with cerebral spinal fluid from those involved. Dahl's direction is leaden and every character is dull. Linda Fiorentino fans will find nothing here. By the time it's over you may wish you can siphon some CSF from people who saw a better movie that night and mix it with some of Fiorentino's cocktail, grab a syringe, flex your arm... Seriously though, it's a pretty cool story that would have been more successful as a novel. Hey, what's with Kim Cattrall playing a non-sexpot supporting character?
A group of criminals kidnap a young girl to extort money from her rich father. While this sounded promising, it was an insufferably dull film, easily the worst I've seen of Marlon Brando's at this point. It's also flatly directed with poor characters and dumb dialog, some of it spoken unconvincingly even by Brando himself, "man", and it comes off as almost laughable! The first half contains meaningless squabbles between the gang, and then we get into other situations with little point to them. The music is bad too, and just when you thought it couldn't get worse, the lousy ending seals the deal shut.
A reverse gender "Death Wish" has doe-eyed Lia Williams as Bella, who encounters several oversexed, repulsive men, who are all interested in one thing (and it ain't football!). Hard to believe that director Winner actually made a handful of decent films in the early seventies, because this film is offensively stupid and violent with giant lapses in logic and character motivation. Every male character (=caricature) is presented as a horny git, who eventually suffers Bella's revenge, but so what? After the Death Wish sequels, Bullseye, Parting Shots and now this, Winner should definitely NOT quit his day job as a restaurant critic. 0 (of ****)
In many ways this is one of the finest casts assembled in the last 5 years. Unfortunately the film always has the 'straight to video' feel. Penn and Thornton are excellent, whilst Nolte (majorly hamming it up) and Lopez are poor. The black comedy/noir works for a while. Ultimately it's source was a novel with potential, that collapsed into a messy conclusion. The film sticks to the source for once. Stone does seem to be losing it big time. The visual tricks and images are becoming increasingly irritating. For films that cover similar topics/themes, check out the superior 'Red Rock West' and 'The Music Of Chance'.
I had heard that this movie was bad, but I foolishly thought "well, it has Jet Li and Chingmy Yau, how bad can it be?". Answer: so bad that it makes you want to turn it off after only the first 5 minutes. Jet Li's fighting - everyone's fighting, actually - is ridiculously overdone and overedited; Yau's charming presence and smile is the only thing this awful, unwatchable movie has going for it. The plot doesn't make a lick of sense (as even those who liked the film have admitted) and the dubbing (of the "Evil Cult" version) is incomprehensible. 0 out of 4 stars.
There are two of these moral messages in this movie: First: The usual women's libber tale: Beware of Males; The only superior beings in the world are Females. It even goes as far, that they try to suggest, it's only the (bad) males, who are killing the prey. Second: (Usual since 10 years as well): It's only because of you male punks (Car-drivers, electricity-users and so on) that these cuddly (female) creatures won't be able to live (hunt???) in the years forthcoming, because of your blame only, their world is going to disappear. You realise the intention - thus you are displeased.
Honestly, there isn't a whole lot to say about this film that hasn't already been said. An "after-school special" type film that bytes Home Alone is pretty much on point. And it's also completely awful and the writing is horrendous. Essentially, this is the film's plot- Takes place in one of those newly developing neighborhoods... Parents bug kid about having remote control toys, parents then leave house, then burglars enter kids' house... kid uses remote control stuff to fend off burglars... burglars cook steak... kid uses remote control stuff to obtain steak... kid eats steak... roll credits... we are all now dumber for watching this film.
This cheapie PRC production is pretty much a re-working of the same studio's 1941 THE DEVIL BAT, only it's got George Zucco and a killer bird instead of Bela Lugosi and his lethal monster bat. Zucco is a professor who's discovered Montezuma's treasure and aims to protect it for himself by unleashing the mythological half-reptile "Quetzalcoatl" (it's funny hearing Zucco personally addressing his flying feathered serpent as such) to dispatch his enemies. Unfortunately, this is nowhere near as much fun as its predecessor. Still, there are some pretty neat attack scenes of the soaring creature flapping through the air to latch onto its victims' throats.
The American video release of Tepepa does the film no favours. Apparently suffering drastic cuts (40 minutes!) from its continental version, the film now makes little sense. Additionally, the pan and scan print seriously compromises the original 2.35:1 aspect ratio. Whether the original film was any good is a matter of conjecture: though John Steiner is excellent as a British doctor, Orson Welles mumbles his way through his performance as a Mexican colonel and Ennio Morricone's score is cribbed from his earlier work. Nevertheless, a DVD restoration seems absolutely necessary--we can't pass judgment on this film until we see it at full length and in widescreen.
I, like many other people, saw the MST3K version of this. I found it absolutely hilarious. Underneath the extraordinarily hilarious comments, I saw a movie that seemed halfway decent, when compared to such other MST3K victims as Manos: The Hands of Fate. ("Manos" makes this one seem like "Braveheart" in comparison.) Though it had an awful plot, script, setting, etc., it did at least make an effort to be (halfway) serious about showing and developing a few characters, about as much as some of the "Friday the 13th" later sequels made. I don't know if I'd give the standard version this, but I'll go with 3/10.
After THE BLUE ANGEL and MOROCCO, DISHONORED was a bit of a come down for me, in my opinion it is the one film that Dietrich made with Joseph Von-Sternberg that has the least meaning, Publicity hyped it up because it was released at the same time as MGMs MATA HARI with Greta Garbo, unfortunately for Dietrich she was no match for Garbo and MATA HARI wins hands down. DISHONORED is slow, Dietrichs costumes are awful and sloppy and her acting is at its worst, even Von-Sternbergs famous lighting and Visual brilliance is not there, i am highly surprised that it was a hit at all.
I have seen this movie one time, and will probably never want to see it again. I found "State Fair" disappointing with a boring storyline. The actors and actresses were great, and I have to say that Fay Bainter's role as Melissa Frake was a far greater performance than in that 60's version of "The Children's Hour". I didn't care much for this movie because the music wasn't that exceptional and I found that odd. Usually Rodger's and Hammerstein's musicals are the best. The acting was about an 8, the music was a 2, and the story line was -20. I don't recommend this to anybody.
I have been extremely surprised at the good reviews this movie has received at this site, given the high level of criticism that I have observed of other movies at this same site. I guess many people wouldn't even bother to say anything about this bland, unemotional,anticlimactic and pseudo sentimentalist film which would only please secretaries, school teachers, nurses, construction workers, college students studying business degrees and the so called nice people of this planet. Lack of substance, and predictable mannerisms make this film an event only greater than a fly landing on my popcorn. I will give this film 0.2 to counterbalance the other comments.
Comically bad. I watched it for the "Louis Gosset Jr." scene but I didn't get to see it. Otherwise I would have given it a 3. The LGJ-Scene is like in Iron Eagle I and Toy Soldiers where there's some kid who's in waaaaaay over his head and the guys in charge are about to give up, but then LGJ says... "This kid is different! I believe in him! He can be trusted to take on terrorists OR fly a billion-dollar jet into enemy territory, you got to trust me!" and sure enough, he always sways their opinion. The 80's rocked.
I was astonished to learn that this mess of a movie was the 11th film Gillian Armstrong directed. Everything about it is clumsy and hackneyed; it feels like a just-graduated-from-film-school offering from a bright (but ADHD afflicted) young woman. Actress Jo Kennedy is asked to carry the audience through 95 minutes of utter nonsense and, bless her heart, she does. The only other memorable performance is by Pat Evison as the psychic grandma (of course, these psychic abilities are mentioned early on and then just dropped). Of course, this is a musical and I must admit that the pop tunes sprinkled throughout are enjoyable--and instantly forgettable.
This was intended to be a serious movie which came out at the same time as the big budget remake of KING KONG. I remember as a kid, reading the poster in line at the theater which stated "not to be confused with King Kong", which is hilarious in itself. I ended up walking out (after the dumb guy in the ape suit wrestles the plastic shark in the pool scene) near the beginning and got a refund. If they spent more than $50.00 to make this movie, they were fools. You will be too if you watch this piece of crap.
The film is a complete mess. The premise might be sort of interesting, but the already everything but clever script that has written "novices at work!" on every single page additionally gets messed up by a directing that gives a new quality to the word "confusing". And if that wasn't enough, it seems the material was edited by someone on LSD, otherwise there's no explanation for this... hmmm... montage. Putting the footage into a shredder would have shown better results. My regards to the actors who tried hard to put some life into this. Producers listen up: little money is no excuse for bad craftsmanship!!!!
WEAK, WEAK, WEAK! Totally miscast and disinteresting. Whatever happened to those wonderful character faces seen in all those great movies about movies from the time period this half-effort attempts to portray? There has been so many better films and TV shows on this same subject that reigns mountains over this "flick" (to be polite). Remember "Bracken's World" (1969)? It's a shame American Movie Classics (AMC) chose to cancel "Remember WENN" in order to, according to their website announcement, make time available for "The Lot", a 4 part - 2 night time waster. Station "WENN" has everything "The Lot" ain't! Pray that this one goes no further.
A news crew goes out into the English country side to interview some people. They are making a documentary about a virus. Suddenly everybody has the virus. The movie is presented in the form of a documentary. In this aspect it shares a lot with Cannibal Holocaust, Blair Witch Project, Rec, and Romero's Diary of the Dead. Of all these, The Zombie Diaries most closely resembles Blair Witch Project. The movie starts well, then gets worse, and worse, and worse. Whilst it is attractively packaged the The Zombie Diaries is a low budget affair with no original ideas, a poor script, and bad acting.
This one was so exciting that I fell asleep about half way through, and it only runs for 30 minutes. Viewed the remainder later. What a crock of s.... The film danced around so much as to be unable to see anything. Like its trying to say, I want to show you this but you can't look at it. The melodrama of the talking heads is pathetic at best. I rated it awful just because there was nothing lower. Be glad you missed it. Its not a documentary, but a contrived piece to make you believe it is. A movie you definitely will want to miss.
First, be forewarned the makers of this film are ballot-stuffing. There's a good reason why you can buy it for less than $1 on Amazon - because it's really BAD. How to describe this film? Put the word "bad" in front of any component of a film, and you've got it. Bad Tarantino/Lock Stock/Get Shorty knock-off. Bad writing. Bad directing. Bad acting. Bad cinematography. Bad continuity. Bad decision for Keitel and Depardieu. Bad rental choice. I made it through about 20 minutes before I reached for the Pepto Bismol anti-depressants. If you want a really great obscure crime comedy, try "Big Deal on Madonna Street."
First of all, I do not understand why not a Hungarian girl was playing the role of Lora. It is really disturbing that she is translated back to Hungarian. Furthermore the movie is full of dull stereotypes, cheap jokes. Nice looking artistic girl after three years still suffering from the dead of his over-self-confident boyfriend, who was cheating on her with her best friend. The younger brother brings back her to life. There is everything in it you need to call a movie liberal lesbian, gay club, rabbi, catholic priest quite few blind person. It was a complete waste of time to watch.
I`ve rented this film from my local video store under the title "Shiver".Until that moment I could never believe that it could exist such a bad movie.All the ingredients of the movie`s recipe are extremelly bad.The actors are playing terribly,the story is ridiculous,the technical part is awful and directing is unexistable.I am sure that I`ve never seen in my life worse movie than this and I am very curious how Philip Yordan ,a brilliant writer had participated in this. As I saw in credits the directors were three.Probably is required a special talent to make a combination of so many bad things.A miracle of bad taste!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A rich executive experiences a mid-life crisis, tries to chuck it all, and rekindles a relationship with a co-worker. The cast is pretty good: Douglas as the weary executive, Kerr as his understanding wife, and especially Dunaway as his mistress. Kerr boldly bares more than her soul. Also on hand are Boone and Cronyn, but the entire cast is wasted in this nonsensical drama. Kazan tries to liven things up with slick, annoyingly amateurish camera work but fails miserably, not helped by the lackluster source material, the director's own trashy, best-selling novel. The plot is rambling and uninteresting and the film drags on much too long.
Director Genevieve Robert has attempted to make a comedy-drama that makes serious comment about modern day sexual relations, and with "Casual Sex?" she is well wide of the mark. The storyline is very weak (concerning two young girls' search for the perfect guy), while the serious and moral content makes very little impact. Don't be deceived by the title. Finally, the comedy only works very occasionally, but look out for Andrew Dice-Clay in a stand out performance as the 'Vinman'. "Casual Sex?" may have been much better made purely as a send-up of sex in the 80's. Thursday, July 2, 1992 - Video
Movies by Eric Rohmer are not to everybody's liking. For me, personally, they are a hit-and-miss affair. His films are always slow and full of dialogue, and there is very little story taking place outside the dialogue. It can be very appropriate, believable and effective, but it can also go badly wrong. Here it has gone badly wrong. The film is too talkative; I felt continuously alienated from the film's characters who somehow managed to live in a world of their own. "Get a life!" I wanted to shout at them initially, or "You like feeling miserable?", but ultimately I would not care enough about them.
Irwin Allen produced a pair of memorable disaster epics in the early '70s, "The Poseidon Adventure" and "The Towering Inferno". However, Allen hit rock bottom with his final theatrical film "When Time Ran Out...". This movie is not up there in the same league as those two blockbusters. In fact, this is an embarrassment to all involved. The great cast that's featured here (Paul Newman, William Holden, Jacqueline Bisset, Ernest Borgnine, Red Buttons, etc.) deserved a good movie here. Instead, they're in a movie that features inept acting, inept dialogue, and especially inept special effects. See "Dante's Peak" or "Volcano" instead. * (out of four)
This was a total waste of film, time, resources, and ... well, never mind, there WAS no talent. I don't know what this was trying for, except perhaps a rap musical, but it didn't work! This was a totally disgusting display of a serious lack of talent, direction, and vision. It was worse than boring. It was horrid! There IS no dialog, no enjoyment, no point to this "work." Absolutely wretched, and completely disgusting display of new money, no class, and a total lack of taste. I want my ninety minutes back! *wretches* This bull snot doesn't rate a rating. the Fiend :.
Flat, uninteresting characters and a poor attention to the supposed documentary style made this the worst use of my movie rental dollars in a while. Where 'The Blair Witch Project' drew me in and ably created the atmosphere of immersion, 'The Last Broadcast' improperly used shots from impossible camera angles (there are several shots in the ending where the only people present are in the frame and the camera placement was improbable for the story), ruining the illusion of the 'documentary'. Technical gaffs abound in the internet sequences and in the restoration of a video frame from static to perfect picture upon which the ending relies.
I saw this movie when it first came out and was impressed by its slacker(the film)-like construction. I liked the interweaving of characters, the Jarmusch night & pavement atmosphere, I even got off on the relentless pounding brutality, big-time irony, I felt, cool. Than I saw it again on cable, in my own living room, not in a chic lincoln center cinema, no trendy audience to share my titillation. And I saw something relentlessly ugly, like watching someone trying to convince you he needs treatment by slowly and progressively chopping off every part of his body. You watch in wonder and disgust. But what's the message?
What is wrong with homo flicks ? This one starts with a good idea and bogs down into utter confusion. The next step is complete oblivion. A nice actor portrays a young and ignorant man from Gruyère who refuses to commit, refuses to envisage his relationship beyond raw sex cruised on the internet. He lets a nice girlfriend escape him and tries to reinvent his life. Gradually he reflects on himself and thinks about cultivating his brain and shedding his quite meaningless existence (there does not seem to be much physical pleasure in it !). An interesting theme for a quite boring film.
Pretty to look at, _Behind the Sun_ is nonetheless typical of the painfully conservative international films Miramax increasingly chooses to bring to U.S. audiences. Its symbolism is obvious and heavy-handed, its dialogue melodramatic, and its performances insultingly broad. It conforms perfectly to the feel-good foreign fluff that has flooded the market at least since _Cinema Paradisio_; that is, it embodies to a "t" the safe, lowest-common-denominator American conception of what a foreign film "should" be. As a result of Miramax's market dominance, more dynamic international films that seek to surprise us or advance film language in some way get marginalized, going largely unseen in the U.S.
These people are so naive to believe that corporations are evil and that nationalizing everything is good. in North Korea, USSR, the Warsaw pact and China, everything was state property, were they utopias? Not by a longshot. In fact, the most deaths in the 20th century were caused by communism and the worst famines were in communist countries alongside the killing fields in Cambodia, persecution of the religious, the gulags among other things. As for the makers of the documentary. i would leave them a choice: where would you want to live? North Korea (communist, no corporations) or South Korea(corporations, freedoms etc.)?
this movie was technically made well... in terms of quality of picture and audio... the lighting in some scenes could have taken more thought and effort however on to the story... it pretty much portrays the theme of saw where people are being punished for sins they committed in the past... most of it takes place in a parking lot where the people come across supernatural/horror creatures to finish them off... the dialogue got a bit annoying in some places and they never seem to execute the suspense very well... all in all.. a fair effort... writing and directing doesn't always work for everyone...
Not the best work of Samuel L. Jackson. Eugene Levy couldn't act nervous if you put a gun to his head. That monotone whinny voice makes me cringe. He is a stiff actor. I don't know Samuel but I'm sure you didn't need the money. Crappy story, crappy acting, guy dies taking a crap. The should have paid me to watch it. Grade: C for crap Terrible movie. Why? Why? Why Sam? The best part of the movie was the end credits. I hope you come back with a good movie Sam. Eugene needs to stop appearing in every dumb ever made.
Let's talk about prerequisities first. If you hate American action flicks, if you don't revel in nerve-wrecking psycho-dramas too badly, if you can appreciate style over substance and if you're into asian cinematography, pick So Close. Rest assured there's plenty of nonsense in this movie, even cliches from time to time, but there's not enough of it to prevent you from enjoying it. Really, even acting was fine with me. Action is exquisite, girls are lovely, effects are cool, plot is trivialized but sufficient I guess. It was meant to be easy and fun and you know what? It's easy and fun alright. 8/10
The film is good, though in the 21st century it shows it's age, and the violence of warfare seems so, so small compared with our daily fare on television. In one point, this film is still a must for those who enjoy water sports. It features excellent underwater photography (with special proccesses created for the film) and a hand-to-hand duel at the film end in a river that is memorable. Indeed, many of the natural scenery where this film was shot take us to mountains, valleys and rivers or swamps that western folklore effaced in the Sixties and Seventies. This is entertaining fare for family viewing, too.
There were some interesting Made-for-Television feature length films in the early 1970s and A COLD NIGHT'S DEATH is among the best of the lot. The remote Arctic setting, the feeling of isolation and gradually mounting nervous tension between the two main characters are all superbly handled. The quiet loner Robert Culp and the nervously edgy Eli Wallach are perfect foils for each other and their byplay heightens the creepy 'something lurking nearby' feeling prevalent for most of the film. Maybe, just maybe, some viewers will guess what's really going on midway into the film but even so it is a brilliantly chilling movie worthy of any collection.
The shark looked totally fake, especially right before it crashed into the glass window under water. The film, characters, and dialogue were boring and uninteresting. But no matter how bad it got, I still liked the Under Water kindom idea and when the shark was swimming around it and scaring all the people. A particularly funny(that's right funny) part was when the shark trapped a group of people and they were all moaning and crying. Jaws was good. Jaws 2 was somewhere between horrible, painful movie and OK movie, but closer to horrible, painful movie, this was OK, as for Jaws 4 let's not even go there.
Unbelievable. I have never had an animated movie take me on a breathtaking ride like that before. I didn't even realize I was watching a "cartoon". This is a movie for all ages. The Moses/Ramses relationship was unique and made you wonder what their relationship might have really been. The animation was absolutely fantastic. I was deeply moved in about 3 or 4 scenes. That never has happened to me before. When Moses split the Red Sea I just sat in awe. I can't say enough great things about this movie. I was not expecting it to be that good. It deserves a 10 without a doubt.
Steinbeck's classic story of 'my brother's keeper' brought to the silver screen in a reverent manner. Perhaps the biggest story in this film is the fact that Chaney jr. could REALLY act-he was undoubtedly cheated out of the Oscar for best actor. Merideth, best known to younger folks as Rocky's trainer does a fine job as the brains in this two man operation. Veteran cowboy star Bob Steele does a stand-out job as the heavy. The direction is steady and the script lifted literally from the novel(why improve perfection?) Remade several times, but never as effectively. Even if you've seen it 100 times, keep a hankie handy.
"All Passion Spent" is one of the finest dramas ever produced for television. The casting was a triumph with some of Britain's best character actors. Dame Wendy Hiller was perfect in her quiet, dignified, yet resolute portrayal of Lady Sloan. Maurice Denham's eccentric Mr. Bucktrout will always be one of my favorite supporting roles. This film was one of my all time favorites and never failed to give my spirit a lift and help me "consider the lilies of the field". We lost our copy in an accident a few years ago and I fear I will never have the opportunity to view this magnificent film again.
This film is a chilling view of how New Zealand could be if ruled by a totalitarian oppressive Government, like so many other countries around the world. It focuses primarily on one character named Smith (played by the now famous Sam Neil). The direction is excellect thanks to the talents of Roger Donaldson (Dantes Peak). But if you read those names and expect a big budget, action-packed, thriller your out of luck, it was made back in 1977 when they were starving artists. This may not appeal to those unfamiliar with New Zealand, but its worth a look if you like well scripted well acted emotional movies
The title says it all. Danny Trejo isn't the only similarity between FDTD and this bad copycat. The plot is so similar, the events almost exactly the same, it's almost funny. It's starts like a action/criminal movie, and then, in some dark bar, it suddenly turns into a horror type of thing. Sounds familiar??? And it even isn't done very good. The acting is poor, the creatures are poor, hell, even Danny Trejo is poor. So, as a horror fan, I can only give you 1 advice: Keep away from this movie. Actually, keep away from all movies that have "mummy" in their title
I gave this movie 1/10, although I have to say I watched it right the way through simply because it made me laugh so much. After I realized how silly and badly put together it was, I started watching out for all the things that didn't make sense - which was basically the whole movie. The acting, the photography, the script, the plot, the taking-off other movies - the whole effort was a joke. How could someone sit back after making it and think 'Yeah, this is a good movie, I'm pleased with it'? Anyway, it did make me laugh, but only because it was so bad.
I always knew this film as Pinchcliff Grand Prix in the United States. I loved this movie as a five-year-old child in 1977 but now it is impossible to find anywhere. I have been looking for years and have had no success. Can anyone out there help me get a copy? This movie was very ahead of its time and in my opinion could compete with some of the latest high tech computer animation movies out today. NOTHING has even come close to what Pinchcliff Grand Prix did for me. It even inspired me as a young child to become addicted to fast cars as an adult!
The movie diverges sharply from the short story by Henry Kuttner, and falls prey to every single ET-based cliché, complete with floating objects and overzealous FBI agents, ancient Tibetan prophecies, etc. The original story was more akin to "Childhood's End", whereas the writers decided that every movie must have good guys and bad guys, and a crisis and a phony car chase. This results in a story that feels forced and fake, without any flow or sense. At many times I felt that items were "pasted on" in failed attempts to create humor or tension, but they were silly. Give this one a miss.
Malcolm Lee hit the nail right on the head with this movie. The casting was perfect, everyone did a beautiful job with this movie. Taye Diggs was able to show more of his dynamic acting abilities. Nia Long who played as Jordan Armstrong acted the part as though she lived it every second. Nia is definitely a work of art. Morris Chestnut really impressed me. He is a very talented actor, and after this movie he should be offered a wide variety of acting roles. So, go out and treat yourself to a well produced movie, you'll definitely leave out feeling happy and satisfied that you did.
Lucky/Chances is a good movie based on a good book. I read the books first prior to watching the movie and it does follow the book closely with a few minor chnages. Vincent Irizarry could not have made a better Gino and Nicollette Sheridan was perfect to play Lucky. The acting may have been a tad bit over-the-top, but many of Jackie Collins' books are and that's probably why the movie was done that way. I'd personally love to see a silver screen version of this book so that more details of the story could be shown (there was a lot that couldn't be shown on t.v.).
After having been impressed by the Tetsuo series, Gemini was all I was hoping for and much more. The cinematography is some of the most beautiful and evocative I've seen, with wonderful use of colour, light and design. Though I'd been told this movie was not "cyberpunk" like testsuo, in a way it had a similar ethic, questioning "what makes a person a person", although in this case it's more about what makes one "good or evil". I saw it the same night as I saw another popular Japanese horror, "The Ring", which curiously also features a well, but I found Gemini much more sinister and frightening.
I saw this film last monday at a NY Film Festival.Its an infectious romantic comedy with two very appealing leads: Innis Casey and Constance Brenneman. Its also the story of a generational conflict between a father who wants his son to find security in the family business and his son who wants to be a musician.The young man's grandfather was a great swing musician who gave it up for a boring conventional life but the young man has an unusual muse who inspires him to have the courage be true to himself and his dream. The music is hot, the dancing exciting, and the story lovely.
What? BL not a lesbian? Be real folks, even in my high school in SoCal in the very early 70s, we'd have wondered. And, it turns out, the people we wondered about? Turns out that at reunions they brought same sex spouses. Already, in this movie, this is a cultural "poke in our eye" to re-examine our ideas. Still, the movie is very fun. Very interesting, well written, and very well photographed. Malibu! Well, hell, yeah! Even better than the beaches in Orange County. For those who haven't seen the original movie (which this is), give it a shot. It holds up very, very well.
This was my first Almodovar movie and I was impressed. Not only was the story satisfying- lots of twists and turns, the actor who played Victor was both sexy and vulnerable. The sub-plots of adultery and jealousy work well with the main plot of a man pursuing an impossible love. I liked the frantic pace of the first scene, the humor of his birth and the justice of the ending. Everyone in this ensemble adds something- from the troubled partner to the lovestarved wife. The only drawback is the video version destroys the beauty of the passionate love scene-- see it on big screen if you can.
Judging from this movie, truly really very bad. I never ceases to amaze me that people think they can better an classic book by an extremely good author. Based on this movie the screenwriters probably spent under five minutes to read the actual book, after that they probably told the core story to their kids and asked what would be like really cool, so in come giant insects, pirates and whatever. This movie has close to nothing to do with the original book and as a movie it's poorly acted, poorly scripted, poorly done effects and horribly directed. What a waste of time.
I think this movie should rate at least FOUR Oscars!! OK now that the same drugs that apparently the director was on when he produced this 'stinky fish' have worn off all I can say is: "How can a good cook take such excellent ingredients for making a fine dish (film) and combine them so badly??" I am a fan of Patrick Stuart but he must have been doing some penance for past evil transgressions to actually have allowed himself to be cast in the role of Nemo so badly. I do not REALLY need to get into discussing the pirates do I? Shane
I got a chance to see this at CineVegas this year and I have to say I was very impressed. The performances all around were well executed with a standout job by Josh Barclay Caras as Ben. He delivered a subtle performance that embodies the uncertainty of youth, coupled with the desire to fit in and find connection. Writer/Director Carter Smith creates such a wonderfully dark and heavy atmosphere throughout the film. He really does an excellent job of creating a sense of foreboding in unique and original ways. This is definitely a film worth seeing if you get a chance to do so.
Yikes. I can't believe I'm saying this about a film with Jennifer Connelly in it. I mean, issues of People magazine with her in it have more purpose. But not Career Opportunities. These actors have done amazing work like Requiem for a Dream, Once upon a Time in America, A midnight Clear and Pulp Fiction, but skip this one. It is not in the same league. I'm fine with top actors doing a 'fun film' (Joe Pesci in Home alone e.g.) but fun doesn't need to = poorly directed. It's jaw droppingly pointless, not funny and a waste of even a Netflix evening.
(spoilers) I thought Hot Spot sucked. Until I came upon this movie. I really like most of Jenn's movies, but this one. Besides her nice shapely figure (which was the only draw) this movie was just utterly wasted. It could have been a lot longer. I've never seen such a short film. The movie has about an hour of flab..... The last 20 some minutes is where the crooks come in. Sheesh. It was totally bizarre. Nothing fit right. The acting was okay, but the story was a complete mess. Spy Kids is better than this crap. 3/10 Quality: 1/10 Entertainment: 4/10 Replayable: 4/10
The title says it all. Danny Trejo isn't the only similarity between FDTD and this bad copycat. The plot is so similar, the events almost exactly the same, it's almost funny. It's starts like a action/criminal movie, and then, in some dark bar, it suddenly turns into a horror type of thing. Sounds familiar??? And it even isn't done very good. The acting is poor, the creatures are poor, hell, even Danny Trejo is poor. So, as a horror fan, I can only give you 1 advice: Keep away from this movie. Actually, keep away from all movies that have "mummy" in their title
I loved this movie so much that i now own it and every other Kevin Smith flick. This movie does not have as much laughs as "Clerks" but certainly makes me laugh a great deal. Kevin Smith is a genius writer and director and it's just a shame that the Jay & Bob flicks are done. But anybody who wants to see a funny movie, i recommend Mallrats. This was the first Jay & Bob flick that i saw and it made a great impression on me. Brodie is the best and funniest character in the Jay & Bob series. I give this flick thumbs up. 7.5/10
I can see to a certain extent why the critics hated this. It is pretty much made for a selective audience. I actually watched this with someone who had no idea who Stan Lee was. I'm not sure whether this is just really thick or maybe you had to be born at the dawn of the comic book era, or even just be a little sad...but the general public, like your average middle class suburbanite would hate this film coz it can be really gross at times. I do love Brodie tho', definately the best character in this film. Watch it anyway, really brightens up a Sunday!
One night, when I had nothing better to do, I decided to watch "Damnation Alley". Let's just say that I should have found something else to do. Anything would have been better than sitting through this horrible film. The acting is bad - Jan-Michael Vincent and George Peppard simply cannot act. The storyline is decent, but the movie makes it extremely boring. I wasn't impressed by the hour-long ride in the land-rover/tank, regardless of its all-terrain capabilities. As for special effects, the sky images were interesting but didn't really do too much for the movie. If you ever have a chance to see "Damnation Alley" -- don't.
This is a very good documentary and shows the more fair image of Islam not commonly seen in the West, of a religion that was flourished in culture, science, and art. It also shows its more violent parts in history. Nevertheless, I find that it ends all too abruptly and it fails to comment on any contemporary issues about Islam, which I guess would have made this documentary too long. If you are interested in Islam, find yourself a copy of this and watch as it is entertaining and informative. Especially at this time, it is necessary for Western audiences to learn more about Islam.
The acting was good, the picturing of that time was OK. But! Sick movie producers alert! After 30 minutes there is this horrible scene where young Nero has a sexual relation with his mother, and they show everything. I don't care if they want to show Neros sick mind, I don't need pedophile flirting in movies. You can tell such things in a movie without tongue kissing and breast sucking thrown into the face of the watcher. I turned the movie off and I suspect I'm not the first doing so. Don't see this movie. Watch something else.
Maybe I'm not even the right person to be reviewing this documentary, seeing as to how I was born long after the '60s were over. But still, "Woodstock" transports you back to the era, and everything associated with it. Too bad that they didn't show Janis Joplin's performance, though. I understand that she was so messed up that she could barely perform, but she was still part of the gig. Of course, Jimi Hendrix playing "The Star-Spangled Banner" is beyond electrifying. Richie Havens, Arlo Guthrie, The Who, Country Joe & the Fish, and the other performers all combine to create something that can never be equalled. Perfect.
There's a reason why this film took a limited release and little fanfare despite having some solid actors in the line-up. However, it just goes to show what sloppy direction can lead when the concept of creation comes into effect. Samuel L. Jackson is too typical, Milla Jovovich is WAY too typical, and Doug Huchison is rather disappointing. I won't even talk about Stellan Skarsgaard. The acting is where the whole story went south, considering the story was pretty decent. I guess I am one of the few who got to see this film, considering I was the only one in the theater when I watched it.
Really strong performances by all involved, especially Nick Nolte and Trevor Morgan. But it is James Ponsoldt's meaty script that is really thrilling. The depth of feeling he gets from his actors is good too. I wish he had more than 23 days to shoot, since some of the photography is marginal, but some shots are just beautiful, especially the close-ups of the actors' faces. Mild spoiler: This is a film of the human spirit, and human nature, and the nature of families: especially ad hoc families. And it has one of the most subtle uses of a female character in recent memory (the character Debra).
A man stuck squarely behind a past he can not regain and a future he can not avoid. The past being happiness with the woman he loved, and the future being alcoholism and a premature death. All this in the guise of an upbeat comedy. Steve Buscemi is established here as a master film maker. Every word every gesture is perfectly placed and important to the forward flow of the film. And not a hint of the usual self-indulgence that finds its way into so low budget films. See this film! Then see it again! Then see it twice a year for the rest of your life!
This movie is imperfect (it sags a bit in the third quarter, and some major factors in the plot are unexplained or confusing), but it is a great mix of fear and excitement. The cinematography is quite ahead of its time (the camera rarely sits still, yet remains unobtrusive), the drama is milked for maximum effect (and there are numerous sudden shocks), and the science-fiction/occult aspects of the film never overshadow the human element. Two similar movies, David Cronenberg's Scanners and The Brood, have more science and are more amusingly grotesque, but The Fury has a coolness and tightness to it that might just beat them both.
in this Movie Dana Carvey hides his face behind many disguises.unfortunately someone also hid all the laughs,somewhere no one will likely find them.this is billed as a comedy,which is OK,but it's not funny.it's not even amusing.it is however,stupid in all the bad ways possible there are some talented actors in this movie,but i guess sometimes actors sign without reading the script,(or what passes for one,in this case)Dana Carvey certainly has some comedic talent,but aside from the two "Wayne's World" films,he hasn't has a chance to showcase it.i kinda felt sorry for all involved.it was truly embarrassing and painful to watch.i'd have to give "Master Of Disguise" 2/10
And I really liked Brothers McMullen too! I was looking forward to another Ed Burns written project after seeing that film he was in with John bonJovi (forgot the title of that one), but this effort was way too bare of any believability. It came across as another neurotic, speedy, male-sided, foul-mouthed, sex crazed "relationship" fighting venue with no real felt treatment of emotion. It was fodder for amateur acting. I felt like it was a rushed run-through. It reminded me of Woody Allen's latest weak effort "SmallTimeCrooks" with much less charisma.....too bad. But I still respect him (Burns) for trying. Oh well, maybe next time.
I liked this movie, it is a movie filled to the brim with cheesy dialog. I don't think that it should be a movie just for children to watch, I am 20, and I thought that it was pretty cool. I also loved the fact that Tyra Banks was a black doll, and the other cast members were white, you just don't see that very often, Had I not known that Tyra Banks was playing "Eve" the life-size doll, I would have figured that the person picked to play "Eve" would have been white, hey, that's just the way the world works. You should watch this movie.
Good movie, good acting and a very accurate subject so close to American coasts... (St Pierre is a French island off the coast of Newfoundland). This is one of the best anti death penalty films I have seen. A mix of the cowardice of civilian authorities and the pettiness of outposts officials who stick to "principals" and decisions just because they do not want to loose face... killing becomes a way to wash the humiliations of their crummy existence and low wits. A interesting movie to be shown to all the governors of all the Republics where death penalty is still in use...
In my opinion this is Stephen J. Cannell's greatest creation. The series was kind of a -What if Jim Rockford split in two? The shy, dream-laden private-eye want-to-be and the accomplished con artist team up to solve various mysteries. Goldblum and Vereen are cast perfectly. This was television fun at it's best with the homage to the pulp detectives and the MacGyver of disguises. The villains were typical Cannell with mobsters to motorcycle gangs, but these two heroes made the endings, for me, much more satisfying because of the clever characters. Saddest is how this series was miss-scheduled by ABC and destroyed in the ratings by CBS.
I saw it 20 years ago and liked it. I was 15. It was fun because it was a cartoon with violence, gore, aliens getting high and naked chicks with big boobs. I saw it again this year and I thought it sucked. First of all, there has been a lot of adult cartoons in the past 20 years so the shock effect just wasn't there. It is also very uneven. It is basically a collection of 10 minutes not-really-related sketches put together by different persons, and it shows. The animation quality of many of the sketches is below the average Saturday morning cartoon. Pretty bad. 3/10.
I have always loved Agatha Christie novels because she never cheats in her mysteries. We're given all of the information and if we're clever enough, we can unravel the mystery and all will be revealed. This is true with the film adaptation of Death on the Nile. I adore Mr. Ustinov's Poirot and Maggie Smith, Betty Davis, Angela Landsbury, Mia Farrow and David Niven are just fabulous. Just so that no one is surprised the murders are very grisly even by todays standard, but the scenery is breathtaking and the sets and costumes transported me to Egypt and I loved every minute of it. Watch and enjoy!
I don't have much to add to what has already been reviewed, except that this movie is "The One" ;-) A heck of a potboiler of a movie, with a touch of class! Sheer entertainment all the way. Truly amazing imagination on the part of the directors. 'Mortal Kombat' meets 'The Good, The Bad, The Ugly', meets 'Pulp Fiction' meets 'Dumb and Dumber' meets '36th Chamber of Shaolin' meets 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon' meets .. What a blast! Full marks for originality, full marks for copycat spoofing, full marks for grace, elegance, superb acting, special effects and entertainment value. Oh, and full marks for Kung-fu :-)
This title sums the movie up for me. This is singularly, by far the worst movie I have ever sat right through. Start with a handful of no-name actors who surprisingly can't act to save their lives. Then throw in a storyline that a primary school child could do better than, and weave some budget SFX through the mix for good measure. The stereotypical cowboy sounds like he comes from blazing saddles, and the "Australian" guy who can't work out if he's from Sydney or London all lend lack of credibility to this complete mess. Please, please don't waste the hour & a half.
Walter Matthau and Carol Burnett are beloved icons of American film, each of whom has given us countless hours of wonderful entertainment over an expanse of numerous decades. Their extraordinary performances in 1998's "Love After Death" lift this story to a higher plane. Watch them achieve the same in 1972's bitter-sweet comedy "Pete 'n Tillie." They have such great chemistry that it's really too bad they didn't work together more often over the years. Watching their portrayals as widowed senior citizens who find love is a moving experience. Burnett deserved the American Comedy Award she won for this film, but Matthau should have been honored as well.
the edukators is a hugely enjoyable film that perfectly balances the human themes of friendship, love and trust with it's more political undertones. the main characters are all performed with warmth and a playfulness that keeps the human side of the story engaging, while the plot develops with continual twists and tension. of course the idealism and activism of the protagonists plays a central roll, but the film never falls to the temptation to preach or bog itself down with weighty polemic. all in all, the edukators is a breath of fresh air that is both satisfying to the head and the heart. highly recommended.
What a delightfully simple suspense film! From the opening scene in a "prison hospital" to a ride up an elevator to a small home in the country this Kafka-esqe story will grip you. I'm surprised this film has not been released on DVD considering it stars Jean-Louis Trintignant. I saw this film on TV over 20 years ago. CBS offered a--sadly short-lived--cable channel that offered truly quality films. When I happened to catch Le Secret (probably 1982) I was stunned that I had never heard of it and had no memory of its release in the U.S. eight years earlier. Like Hitchock? Yes, but not completely.
True, "Splash" is pretty silly, but it's impossible not to like. The plot of course has unfulfilled clerk Allen Bauer (Tom Hanks) meeting up with a mermaid (Daryl Hannah) who turns his life upside down. Much of the movie's humor derives from Allen's brother Freddie's (John Candy) goof-ball antics - namely when he drops coins and later speaks Swedish - and nerdy scientist Walter Kornbluth's (Eugene Levy) chronic bad luck. Another great scene is when the mermaid identifies her sea name before choosing Madison. All in all, this affirms Ron Howard as a director who always has some ideas. This movie really does make a splash!
I have seen the movie yesterday and was quite moved by it. I did not expect much (because usually I am not the documentary type), but the mixture of old film footage and photos (with some 20s and 30s music) and interviews of a few of the survivors (7 homosexualls, 1 lesbian) was very interesting. The big thing about this movie is to get to know about what happened in that time, because no one spoke about this when we were talking about the second world war in history class. it is unbelievable that the paragraph 175 existed even till 1969. this is a must-see film !
I can't understand why this movie was never put on DVD or at least video. I haven't even seen it on the TV for years, but I have seen it a couple of times years ago. It is a touching story about a dedicated schoolteacher with a passion for teaching. Miss Dove is played by Jennifer Jones. A young Robert Stack is in the movie and there are some very touching moments. Too bad it wasn't on DVD. If you see it listed on TV. jump at the chance to watch it if you like classics, because this is one good classic. Keep a hanky handy.
This movie was thrown together without any attention to story line. It was a sorry excuse for cinema with no surprises and no excuse to be made in the first place. The slashing and thrashing scenes were dreadfully predictable and this movie is void of any merit. It was an independent effort that should not have been made. I liked the premise of making fun of reality shows but in turn, the movie gave us less cinema and drama than most reality shows in the first place. Somehow it achieved the best promotion for reality TV I've ever seen. Mike Wagner
If you want a real movie about love and life ,WATCH THIS! I have never had a favourite movie before but now this has become it. A simple story about 3 couples but the words are the real powerhouse here. They are so powerful, intense, real, truthful that I could NOT stop watching this movie. This movie is for people who definitely enjoy to expand their horizons, like movies that personally affect you, give you something to think about and really touches you on the inside. It was very raw and offbeat as well so you need to appreciate creativity to understand and love this movie.
This movie certainly has the elements. The plot is mediocre, and suspense is terrific, the CG is spectacular, with a lot of attention to details. The motions are exacting to the tiniest intricacies. (although the dinosaurs depicted didn't exist all at once). The dinosaur era lasted for millions and millions of years. So I kind of feel bad every time I go for a fill-up @ the pump. I'd initially expected this movie to bomb like Waterworld, but after the initial openings almost topping 40 Mil, it may do as well as Titanic (not quite). I usually don't like Disney movies, but I do recommend this movie.
If you liked last year's "Sometimes happy, sometimes sad", you will certainly love this new Bollywood-Hit. Located totally in New York and presenting a mix of Woody Allen's Manhattan and Saturday Night Fever, it's three hours of absolute pleasure with a heartbreaking finale (remember Love Story or Terms of endearment?). Indian star Shahrukh Khan does his best to bring the girl he secretly loves together with her best friend, because he's going to die. A group of wonderful actors, funny dialogues and sexy musical-numbers make this Indian love story pure joy and entertainment. Just until the end, when you can't hold back the tears any longer.
This movie was great, it had wonderful scenery, music, actors, the whole lot. It's very moving too: very sad and depressing. I saw it with 4 of my friends, and towards the end I could not stop squeezing my friend's hand. I was in a state of just *awe* for 1+ days after seeing it. It made me feel a lot like how i felt after "Escape from Sobibor." I predicted how the ending would play out (and i was right) even though I did not want it to. Very moving, very good, very sad...go see it unless you are the type who likes uplifting, comical films.
I have to say this is in the top 5 best movies with both Terence Hill and Bud Spencer! I don't want to tell you the plot. ( read other reviews for that ) But it's very interesting. It may be 2 hours long, but if you see it in a movie store or a video rental, get it! One bad thing about this movie is Eli Wallach. I wish he didn't act in this one!!!! Every time it shows him, this movie seems to get boring. ( Thank god they don't show much of him in this movie ! ) Aces High get a 7/10.
A killer is dispatching the patrons of the local drive-in with a sword.Heads are sliced off,necks are slashed and other various body parts are impaled.Two inept detectives are trying to solve the case."Drive-In Massacre" is an abysmal slasher flick directed by porn director Stu Segall.There are some bloody killings,but the gore effects are crude and amateurish.The pace is slow,the acting is painfully bad and the synthesizer score is beyond awful.Easily the best thing about this insanely rotten piece of festering cow-dung is its short running time.The only way to enjoy "Drive-In Massacre" is to drink lots of alcohol.3 out of 10 for providing me a few laughs.
As a resident the Carolina Coast, one sees the appellation "Lowcountry" on many things including a goodly number of businesses and other entities both public and private. As a descriptor, it is both ubiquitous and quite accurate. Thus , my wife and I were quite surprised to see "Lowcountry Locksmith" on a vehicle in a film that was set in the Kentucky Horse country. I try to catch incongruities and goofs in films as hobby, but my wife spotted this particular one. Knowing that a good portion of this film was shot in the Beaufort, South Carolina area, we enjoyed a quick laugh during that scene.
"Restaurant" is your basic boy-meets-girl movie, with emphasis on "basic" - it operates on autopilot throughout. It has the basic feel of a made-for-TV schmaltzfest, and it handles racial issues with the same level of intellectual vigor. The main character of "Restaurant", a playwright who considers his work "beyond great" (what we see of it looks pretty silly and shallow), finds himself unable to finish his most recent production. I can only assume this was semi-autobiographical, since this movie has no clear ending in sight throughout, and the ending it does bring about for us is clumsy and completely incongruous with the rest of the story.
Dennis Hopper makes this movie worth the viewing, and the pretty cars and Nadine Velazquez certainly help as well. The similarity with Carmack's character and any number of recent "speed" films is obvious. He drives a modified Mitsubishi and thinks he's all that. But Hopper's character (1969 Pontiac GTO Judge) throws a wrench into that formula, and is one we haven't really seen in this kind of modern car flick. Hopper brings the legitimacy of a little known 1970's "Bonnie and Clyde" type art house flick mixing it up with the new & flashy "tuner" style. Kinda like Two Lane Blacktop meets 2 Fast 2 Furious.
I don't understand the many bad comments about this show. the show is excellent for small children, and my daughter (3 years old) loves this show. I think the authors of the negative comments forget that this is a simple children's show for ages 2-5. It is not meant to win any artistic awards, nor was it meant for teens/adults. While this isn't exactly the highest quality animation show, I've seen far worse, and the world setting is cute and simplistic, as it should be in a children's show. I give this show an 9 out of 10 because my daughter loves it.
Great Movie. Again George C. Scott and Marlin Brando did an excellent job of acting. Great plot. The movie develops as a wonderful mystery which evolves into a Good versus Evil. Brando excels with his portrayal of a greedy oil-rich company executive who is bent on keeping a synthetic oil production substitute a secret. Scott is a police detective trying to solve the murder of a long time friend who is associated with "the formula". The end is one the best performances of both actors. The plot and the relationship gets a little confusing with Marta Kellor's role. I think it is realistic of today's corporate scandals.
The novel is the archetypal bodice ripper but the Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders is far more than that. It is a well constructed, well acted, well directed period drama of the type the British TV Industry does so well. Alex Kingston is exceptional in the title roll, her defection to the States from the UK is a real loss and the cast list is like a who's who of British TV. Particularly good is Diana Rigg. All in all my words cannot really do it justice, if you get the opportunity to see it then please do. It is really well worth it.
I didn't expect much, or even ask much, from Sci-Fi Channel movies. And I mostly like them. But the only thing that was worse than the script and acting in this stinker was the effects. It was nice to see Kelly McGillis again, although her role was so thinly written it was painful to watch. The no-names show why they will almost certainly remain so. The story, which had potential, was leaden with bland, uninspired dialog, and porno-logic behavior. You simply didn't buy these character, or care what happened to them. Where's Stephen Baldwin when you need him!?!? The scenery was nice, though.
This movie continues the tradition of great Clint Eastwood movies. The Enforcer is filled with Harry Callahan's dry humor and tough talk. 1976 San Francisco is filmed beautifully and provides a great background as usual. The music is suitably funky, perfect for the period. Much better than what passes for entertainment these days. We took them all for granted back then. You must have this movie to complete your Dirty Harry collection. It's one of the 3 best of the series. Great bad guys, and DiGeorgio, his partner, played by John Mitchum, Robert Mitchum's brother. Tyne Daly makes her first major appearance, and handles it well.
With movies like this, I wonder how no one thought to stop the thing long before shooting wraps. Movies like Yor force me to argue for a referee who can bring a halt to shooting a troubled movie, much in the same way a referee saves a boxer in danger. When would the ref have brought an end to things? Reb Brown's first appearance might have ended it, or maybe the first papier- mache dinosaur would have brought the ref's arms up. Either way, we would have been saved from 100 minutes or so of this drag.
"Light Years Away" is a beautiful movie. It has timeless, tender themes and genuine entertainment value! Well-acted with a touch of magic, this film will touch you. Gently mixed with a fun, whimsical playfulness, an old fashioned soulful romance is clothed in modern garments in "Light Years Away".The result is a joy, a rare movie. Chris Knight and Meadow Williams are very believable as star-crossed loves and have great chemistry on screen.Eric Roberts gives a great performance.Tim Peyton has fabulous comic timing, and Adrianne Curry is outstanding as a nerdy scientist.Creative and wonderfully cast, with genuine,believable, and powerful performances by all. A true jewel of a movie!
Sprightly, only slightly less appealing sequel to Fairbank's first outing as Zorro. Here as Zorro's son, we also get some neat whiptricks and the sight of 2 Fairbanks (as Zorro and his son) in addition to the usual acrobatic stunts. The plot concerns Don Q being sent to the "old country" to study. He ends up framed for a crime by the corrupt officials of the Queen (who are made jealous when Don Q saves their commander from a bull with his whip, impressing the Queen with his courage). Zorro must come over to help him prove his innocence and defeat his enemies in battle.
Not funny, not coherent, not worth watching. The Road to Wellville doesn't make any sort of sense -- it flits back and forth between three equally nonsensical plotlines, and, after about six hours, ends. It does feature a great deal of nudity, but that's hardly an excuse for wasting precious natural resources like John Cusak, Anthony Hopkins, and Dana Carvey. If you want to see Cusak in a comedy, rent Grosse Point Blank. If you want loads of gratuitous nudity, rent Beach Babes from Beyond. There is no excuse whatsoever for watching this film -- it's time out of my life I can never have back.
This film holds the distinguished place of Worst Film Ever in my opinion! There are no redeeming features to this film, the acting, considering the cast, is poor, Anthony Hopkins and Matthew Broderick seem almost embarrassed that they have ended up in the film. The direction is terrible, and the script leaves much to be desired. Alan Parker should be ashamed he ever made this abortion, I was hoping for great things from this film, considering the pedigree of all involved. HOW WRONG COULD I BE? Is it any wonder that this piece of tripe has never been shown on TV? AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
This film is not likely to satisfy fans of the horror genre(or Bram Stoker). Despite borrowing cliched plot elements e.g.demonic possessions, light versus darkness, etc. etc. from more popular films and tempering them with style, the whole movie still seems rather dull and derivative. This is not helped by the story's predictability and its lack of any intriguing, unique characters. To make matters worse, what transpires during and after the climax can be accurately guessed about twenty minutes before the film's conclusion. So- do not see "Shadow Builder" unless you are a fan of someone in the cast or need a 'fix' on a boring, rainy day.
The movie centers entirely around the interrogation of 6 people about the murder of a homeless girl relatively new to their Istanbul neighborhood. The stories told by each of the characters about their community, neighbors and the murder start out innocently, but bit by bit the oniony layers of the rotten story start to be peeled away revealing that nothing is as rosy as the neighbors would like to believe. Clever editing of the ever changing versions of stories by the different characters provides an often humorous, quick paced, entertaining film that in the end leaves you questioning where the facade ends and the truth really begins.
I commend the author, producer, actors, etc., on this movie. It one of the best, cleanest and educational movies shown in a long time. Everyone I've mentioned it to has not heard of it. This is what disappoints me about good clean movies, they don't receive enough publicity. Our children and families need more of these movies to remind them our success is to be earned, not given. Also, giving and showing concern for others takes our mind off our own problems and makes us aware of how fortunate we are compared to the majority of the world. Please continue producing more movies with true meanings.
There's a reason why this film took a limited release and little fanfare despite having some solid actors in the line-up. However, it just goes to show what sloppy direction can lead when the concept of creation comes into effect. Samuel L. Jackson is too typical, Milla Jovovich is WAY too typical, and Doug Huchison is rather disappointing. I won't even talk about Stellan Skarsgaard. The acting is where the whole story went south, considering the story was pretty decent. I guess I am one of the few who got to see this film, considering I was the only one in the theater when I watched it.
Rico Aversi(Christopher Mitchum)is the son of a murdered mafia chief,who is slowly engulfed by a world of forgery and drugs in order to avenge his father's slaying.His adversary,Don Vito(an excellent Arthur Kennedy,who never achieved the recognition he deserved),is cruel,vicious and has years of gangland experience on his side.Here is a battle of wits,blood and violence that ends in a powerful and dramatic climax."Mean Machine" is a memorable Italian crime thriller.It has wall-to-wall nudity(supplied by Malisa Longo and Barbara Bouchet),plenty of gunplay and some nasty bits of gore for example the castration scene.The film is pretty hard to find,but you should search for it.My rating:7 out of 10.
Great, and a unusual mafia/gangster movie. Full of excellent actors, like Christopher Walken, Vicent Gallo, Anabella Sciorra, Isabella Rossellini and the phenomenal Chris Penn, with a monstrous performance which make him win "Best Actor" Venice great prize. Once again this film is about limits and the madness of the human mind, the character Chez (Chris Penn), it an ambiguous, and unbalanced persona, that it explode in fury and anger, crying all the time, in total despair. Once more, Abel Ferrara shows us an unexpected and brutal film climax. A must see, for all Ferrara's fans. If you like this one, i recommend: "Godfather part- 1 and 2".
I saw this when it first came out and it had everything going for it. Action, Comedy, a neat Sci-Fi premise,a great script and cast but it did horrible at the Box Office. Other than marketing, I have no idea why this never found it's audience and its a shame because it would have been nice to see a sequel that it was set up for at the end. It's kinda sad now that Dennis Quaid and Meg Ryan have broken up because their paring made it all the more special. If you haven't seen this one, check it out. Why is this not on DVD??????
More depth, and 20 years earlier than "An Inconvenient Truth" warning. Aired on public television, and hard to find these days. It should be on DVD and circulated to all environmentalists so they can share with their families and friend so they can help prevent a devastating future climate changes. Burke uses early computer enhanced predictions. Hypothasises How, Where and Whats of global warming. Will not make sense to those who refuse to believe in Greenhouse Effects, Ocean Warming, and pollution. Does not paint a rosy picture that would sell his film. It is a little bit more far reaching than the current "An Inconvenient Truth." I.M.H.O.
The best action movie of all time made by the action master himself. Woo put on screen caracters who are (as usual for him) very deep and who can say intelligent lines. Yes, there's a lot of blood, but it is important. All the people who dies there without a name represent the people living in Hong Kong who suffers a certain anonymity of living in the most populous city of the world. Directing this movie, Woo plays God, killing all those people like in this famous line from the movie: "Give a guy a gun, he thinks he's Superman. Give him two, he thinks he's God."
Salacious white water raft race. Actually, it's a watered-down toga party. (Pun intended) Tim Matherson's presence is highly suspect. Good Fun for the time being. Highlights: the charade sequence near the film's silly denouement. You gonna love the frisky dog. Most imaginative use of explosives in a sophomore movie and most unbelievable bad guy's foul up I have ever seen. Otherwise, keep your brain in a jar and enjoy it. Is anybody ready to start a signature campaign to get this nice doggy err... movie onto DVD? Count me in. Hope MGM ever makes up its mind onto this. Time is running out. Cybercaf'e clock running. gggg
I liked the concept, very much. While the film has some very special moments I do feel that with extra funding this could have been very special indeed. With so many films today being based on generic content the time is well overdue for a new IP. It reminded me a little of both Silicon Knight's 'Too Human', and 'Beowolf' all to the good. My heart went out to both John Hurt and James Cavaziel both excellent actors who with better direction and script could have made this film far more memorable. All in all a good effort. Moorwen! End transmission. TB
I've watched a lot of episodes of this show,and i can say that its an absolute piece of crap.it sickens me to watch these kids pride themselves in being snobby,rich,unhumble,spoiled,selfcentered bratts.why would anyone be proud of that?their parents should truly be ashamed and embarrassed of these useless sacks of meat,that they have unfortunately raised.now society is forced to be burdened with the pure nothingness of their existence.to the sweet sixteen kids,stay out of us goal oriented kids' ways.we don't need u.we certainly don't like u.and we certainly don't 'think you're hot.'you're nothing but poor exscuses for human beings.we know that,and hopefully you know that.not that you care.
A heartwarming story about a young woman, her daughter, her boyfriend (then husband)...and her battle with cancer. Christina Raines plays a young woman who is diagnosed with cancer, and rather then choosing to live her life handicapped, she chooses to live the rest of her life to the fullest. She sees life as we all should, for all it's beauty. She leaves her daughter her legacy on a series of tape recordings. Wonderful music by John Denver, sweetly performed by Cliff DeYoung. A real heart warming, tear jerking movie. I would love to obtain a copy of this wonderful film! If you can help, PLEASE email me.
Christian Marquand's film-version of the Mason Hoffenberg-Terry Southern novel (adapted by the usually acerbic and talented Buck Henry) becomes a star-studded, but frantic and unfunny sex spoof ('alleged comedy' would seem more appropriate). Ewa Aulin plays a nubile innocent named Candy whose shallow charms attract eccentric men who are in and out of her life. The choice of Aulin, a Twiggy lookalike who can't act, was the filmmakers' first misstep--Henry's flimsily constructed script is the second. John Astin is amusing as Candy's father, but everyone else in the cast (Richard Burton, Marlon Brando, James Coburn and Walter Matthau among them) is simply dreadful. NO STARS from ****
Way ahead of its time. Intelligently written, movingly acted, extremely compelling battle scenes for a film of its era. Excellent, realistic performances by Veronica Lake, Paulette Goddard, Sonny Tufts, Walter Abel, Hugh Ho Chang, even George Reeves. I don't understand why this film isn't mentioned among the best of American-made war movies. Some reviewers here have called it "propaganda," but it is hardly that in the context of the time. I was actually quite surprised by its even-handedness. (Yes, there are non-PC references to "Japs," as with every other American war movie of the era.) Disregard any disparaging critiques posted here and SEE THIS FILM.
Most films that rely heavily on flashbacks feel contrived, but this film is redeemed by strong pacing and a tactile sense of desperation. The 'revelations' that occur throughout, if not necessarily original or surprising, are consistently entertaining, focusing more on the character's motivations for murder and betrayal than on the actual mechanics of the crime. This is not a perfect movie, but it is oddly striking. I would give it a 6.5 out of 10, but the IMDB doesn't allow decimals. I rounded up to 7 because the film's current score of 5.5 is more fitting of a stodgy film like 2002's Unfaithful. 7/10
The plot is really poor... A mixture of "I know what you did last summer", "blair witch project, and so on... You can't compare this movie to a Hollywood movie! But when you compare this movie with Austrian movies from the last 10 years, you will see, that Austrian movie makers try to reach an "international level". Special about this movie is the fact, that the spoken language is not "German German" but "austrian German". This may be a reason, that many Germans can't stand this movie. I like this movie, because it is the first step to a new age of Austrian movies.
'The Man Who Came To Dinner' revival was just absolutely amazing! The cast shined. Mr.Sheridan Whiteside was played by the one and only Nathan Lane, who made the play pleasurable the whole time. Jean Smart was, in my opinion, one of the funniest on stage. In a specific scene, when she finds out her cables have been wrongfully sent, she has the crowds (and folks at home) up in roars. This wonderful cast also includes Lewis Stadlen, Harriet Harris, Byron Jennings, Terry Beaver, and many more. If you are ever faced with the chance to see this play, don't pass on it! It Is A True Masterpiece!!
Grand hotel is one of the best films I've ever seen. It's romantic, tragic, funny and completely irresistible. The plot is great. The story would even make a good screenplay today. And the actors are brilliant. Garbo shines as the lonely ballerina, and gives the best performance in the movie. There's something so sparkling and human about her acting. I fall in love with her everytime she's seen on screen... and this movie is no exception. As for the rest of the cast; they're great!! Although Joan Crawfords character is a bit anonymous. But her talent and beauty makes the most of it!! Highly recommended
I watched this when they first showed the series on TV. At the time I was studying Jane Eyre for O Level English literature exam. This became a favourite book of mine for all time and I have read it many times since. I loved this series. The characters were just as I imagine and they followed the original text very closely. Knowing it well, I was able to quote sections along with the actors. I always remember enjoying this production and would love to own it on Video or DVD. I have not enjoyed another production of Jane Eyre as much as this.
First of all it's a delight to watch such unselfconscious acting and to hear English (and Hindi, Bengali) spoken so naturally. First time director Shobnali Bose elicits wonderful performances from most of her cast - many of whom are 'non-actors'. The script, too, is deliciously funny in parts, which off-sets well with the powerful and serious message underlying the film. The locations chosen capture the actual places represented so that the whole has the verisimilitude of a documentary film, even while the spectator is drawn into the lives of the characters whose stories are being told. All in all a very satisfying film, and a great debut.
The music score of Jerry Golsmith for PAPILLON is great. However, I didn't find a very important part : in the movie, during the 2nd escape of Papillon with Maturette and Clusiot, the prison's orchestra plays a music... I've always wanted to know what was this music, because I found it very appropriate with the action. I supposed it was "classical music" since it was not on the official score of Jerry Goldsmith. But I didn't find it in the credits either, so I made my own search and I found it ! It was "FAUST" composed by Charles GOUNOD in 1859. ...
I love this movie. First saw it quite a few years ago and now it's just been on MGM. I love end of the world movies. Looks like George W Bush may bring this love to life! Having now seen it a few times I can get to savour its elements...the way the beginning give no clue to subsequent events and the doubt some may have right through it that it's all some horrendous mistake. What a wonderful way to die! What a great way for Los Angeles to end! The cast and direction and music are outstanding.
This is BY FAR the best Bruce Lee documentary I have ever seen for two reasons: they consentrate on more of his philosophical beliefs rather than his life story, and they show GAME OF DEATH!!! That was the real reason I watched it. They found Bruce Lee's original outline and stunt moves for the film, and also all of the footage cut for the 1979 version. They put it all together now in the order it was supposed to be in and the result is AWESOME!! The nunchakaus scene is sweet! And the fight with Kareem is cool as well. A must-see for any Bruce Lee fan.
It is beyond me why two million Danish people each week sit down to watch this terrible show. The dialogue is terrible and not realistic. The characters are hollow and simplistic. There's a tough man, a tough woman and a sensitive man. The writers actually say that they have modeled the characters after Greek mythology! Give me a break! All the characters are of course brilliant policemen. When I have watched this show I have longed for "District Hill Street" and "NYPD Blue". These are brilliant shows, and "Rejseholdet" is a lousy copy. This program is a symptom of the disease Danish television is currently suffering from.
The fifth pairing of Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner is still good and features many gags that work, including a tiger trap, a pop-up steel wall, a motorcycle, a unfateful encounter with a train (Stop in the name of humanity), and a box of Acme-brand leg-building vitamins. I love the little gag of the coyote eating a fly in the beginning as well. All these cartoons make me so very happy for some unknown reason. This animated short can be seen on Disc 2 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2. It also features an optional commentary by Greg Ford. My Grade: A
This movie simply rocks. It perfectly embodies a gritty, street fighter-esque picture. The action scenes are absolutely amazing and a blast to watch. The plot is pretty good (not spectacular but definitely above average for an action film) and despite what some may say, Jet Li can do pretty good drama. Even though Bridget Fonda comes off as a weak, cry baby as she overacts her way through the movie, it adds another dimension to the action scenes to make them so exciting. This movie is for any action fan mild or extreme. Your heart will race, your jaw will drop, and you'll simply love this movie.
There is nothing worse than a dull serial killer thriller, but somehow "The Mean Season" manages not only to be dull but redundant as well. Phone call after phone call to Kurt Russell, with little or no forward movement of the storyline. There are absolutely zero creative moments in this movie, and the cast seems uninspired to say the least. Special mention must be made of Mariel Hemingway's performance, which can only be described as dreadful. The ending is especially weak, with some totally unacceptable police work, not to mention the killer's unbelievable good fortune. Even for Kurt Russell fans, this will be a disappointment. - MERK
This is not a great piece of cinema. This is no Seven Samurai or Shawshank Redemption. But this movie is very entertaining if you like a good "Shoot'em Up". The action is done well and I think the acting is fine. This movie is better than a lot of A List movies with 10 times the budget. Andre Braugher does well in this movie but then any fan of his shouldn't really be surprised by that. Scott Wiper, whom ever he is, does well and makes a good movie. I'll look forward to seeing what else Scott Wiper can do. Don't be afraid of this one.
Essentially an episode of 'The Fugitive' with cobwebs on, 'Nowhere to Run' sees escaped con Jean-Claude Van Damme getting comfy with widowed Rosanna Arquette's family and defending them from ruthless property developer Joss Ackland, who wants to tear down their farm and put up a huge development. While it's a competent movie, and doesn't suffer as much as you might think from Van Damme's complete lack of acting ability, it's weighed down by its hopelessly threadbare plot and a split personality screenplay that can't decide if it's a drama or a beat-em-up. The longer it goes on, the worse it gets, and Arquette's role is amazingly thankless.
A provocative and thoughtful profile of the man both behind the camera lens and in front of it. Peter Berlin's iconic status as a photographer, fashion designer and his subject are juxtaposed with interviews with the famous, if reclusive, star. Well-chosen and articulate "talking heads" astutely contextualize the importance of Peter Berlin's seminal role in gay male porn. By turns graphic, poignant, and humorous, the film brilliantly captures the relative innocence of a lost eroticism as it follows Berlin from his European beginnings to his present life in San Francisco. This is a very welcome addition to the historical documentation of the erotic lives of gay men.
This movie was certainly made on a low budget, but I don't hold that against it-- many low budget flicks have turned out to both entertaining and successful. The main problem with this movie is that it stretches what amounts to a 20 minute plot into a "full lenth?!" picture. Also, the musical interludes are painful at best. The message is here, and the God Sun Ra (Who I might add is played by a fellow who actually thinks he is Sun Ra) makes for an interesting character. Lack of plot and depth of writing are what do this movie in. But hey, at least it's short!
INDIGO is a wonderfully inspiring film that captures the heart as much as the imagination. I came expecting to receive a message, but soon found that what I was sharing with others in the theater was a transformative experience. What is most real about INDIGO is its raw spiritual presence, a missing ingredient that the millions of dollars spent on cinemagraphic "realism" in most other films never seems to deliver. Perfect strangers were hugging each other after this film! It is a wake up call - a prophetic challenge to Hollywood's "conventional wisdom" with layers of meaning that keep unfolding long after one has left the theater.
I had not read the book that this was based on. There was even a sense that this would be a waste of time. I realized I was very wrong. As others have mentioned in their comments: this is no Hollywood canon fodder intended for the spoon-fed masses. Some interest in mathematics or science is not essential but more than likely contributes to ones viewing of the film. I found the story very thoughtful and entertaining at the same time. The film is well executed and easy to watch. (Two dimensional characters do not have facial Tiks - just my thoughts)
I saw this film on a Saturday morning and loved it. It's about a man, his wife, their two children and the grouchy grandma, who are dirt poor (and I mean that literally) farmers. It's based on the book by George Sessions Perry called "Hold Autumn in Your Hand," but the movie and the book are completely different in style and manner. I personally like the movie more, as it showed the family's togetherness much better than the book. A wonderful Renoir film (I think my favourite of all his) and definitely a must see. The courage of the family is really touching. I gave it a...10/10.
An entertaining action-war movie. I remember i bought this movie the in a video-store back in 1986-87. It was an old English video-version from the early 80's (from that time when video-stores in my country imported video-movies direct from England without giving them subtitles) The movie have some similarity's with "The Dirty Dozen" and it's obvious that the film-makers got much inspiration from this great hit from the 60's. Acting and plot is not the greatest in history, but it's still a very exiting film. Not so much indifferent action-scenes here, like there are in many other movies of this type. 8 out of 10
Ok, I will start by saying I absolutely adore, Jill Haworth! She was an amazing actress appearing such acclaimed films as "Exodus", and "In harm's way." She also starred in the first Broadway production of "Cabaret" as Sally Bowles. For some stupid reason, the early 1970's got rid of loads of talented actresses reducing their casting choices. Jill Haworth, should of stayed around and been acting to this very day! I met year two years ago and she is still stunning and amazing. She is saucy and sexy, in this film, that pre-dates "Friday the 13th" but still has some of the same scares. RIGHT ON JILL!
I cried when I thought about all the money that the filmmakers wasted on making this garbage movie. I cried when I thought about all the money I've wasted watching utterly predictable formulaic movies as this. I cried when I realized that I live in the greatest country in the world and some foreigner may see this film and think it's representative of American filmmakers' capacity. I cried when I realized the stars of this movie are still employed. If this is what Hollywood is producing these days, I'll be crying for a real long time. Stay away; this movie was horrible.
this movie is a clunker. Francis plays a silly British wife who goes to Paris while her husband goes off to India. She falls under the spell of an unscrupulous Latin Lover (Ricardo Cortez) and ends up involved in his murder and blackmail. Francis looks great (as always) and does a good acting job, starting out as the silly wifey and becoming a more sophisticated (she thinks) woman of the world. Paul Kavanaugh, Doris Lloyd, and Nance O'Neill (as the evil sister-in-law) are good, too. The Paris beauty salon scene where Francis must decide on the shape of her eyebrows (she settles for "plaintive") is a hoot!
This is the kind of film that everyone involved with should be embarrassed over. Poor directing, over the top acting and a plot that rambles on with no point other than to show violence. I thought when I first saw it that it would be perhaps a satire of the media and how it shows violence but it's not. I'm not sure what makes the film worse. Oliver stone does his worst directing ever. From scenes where Woody Harrelson's face morphs for no reason or Robert Downey Jr's dreadful performance as Wayne Gale who is a reporter who seems totally bonkers, this movie is simply a mess.
When people saw the film "Day of the Dead" for the first time, some said that it should be burned on a pyre... I think that they really meant Ghosthouse. I don't know what is worse about this film... The fact that the cast attempts to act or that it actually tries to be a horror movie. The premise is horrible, the acting is worse and I am not even going to comment on the directing or editing. (When you see the shadow of the sound man in a shot, you should be shot). AND WHAT IS THE OBSESSION WITH CHILI????? Don't ever bother... ever....
This flick has one of the most incredible casts ever assembled for a B-movie! You've got Christopher Lee, Donald Pleasence (fresh from "Halloween"), Barbara Bach (former Bond Girl), Woody Strode (those who've seen "Spartacus" aren't likely to have forgotten him), Capucine (Inspector Clouseau's wife in "Pink Panther"), even the legendary director John Huston (not his first useless supporting role; remember "Tentacles"?). Unfortunately, none of those performers get a chance to stand out and do anything memorable, the story is confusing (although the main villain's "hidden" identity is easy to guess) and karate expert Lewis, who stars, knows all the right moves but has little acting charisma. (*1/2)
A Brazilian cable television is presenting "Yadon Ilaheyya" this month in its "Cult" channel. I saw the trailer and listened to the advertisement, and decided to see this movie. Indeed it is an absurd boring pretentious dumb pointless disconnected crap about the conflict in the Middle East, and together with "Soultangler", they certainly are the worst movies I have tried to see. I really wasted forty-three minutes of my life watching the first half of this crap, highly indicated for torturing enemies. How can this movie be awarded and nominated to prizes inclusive in Cannes? My vote is one (awful). Title (Brazil): "Intervenção Divina" ("Divine Intervention")
"The Philadelphia Experiment" takes the intriguing idea of time travel forward and turns it into a routine, often silly thriller. Michael Pare, hot off "Eddie and the Cruisers" stars as one of two WWII soldiers that are time warped to present day (1984) and try to get back. When his buddy does go back Pare seeks him out in 1984 and when he finds him the scene is so ridiculously written it kills the whole movie. Not a chance would the friend act the way he does to his supposedly long lost buddy. It's awkward and unintentionally funny - which can be said for the whole film.
Well, I know about Hitler and all the bad things that Germany did at WWII. But still, I don't understand, why 60 years after-wards, we still have to suffer by having awful German cinema ! (I do like some Fassbinder films) Why are there only films about Hitler/DDR or these empty theater films for bored bank-workers? Why only these "Quality Films"? Films that imitate the "Good Taste" of the past? Films that imitate the film language of Bresson, only taking out the content and the originality he had? God, please help Germany. Give us ART! no more Endless Restorations of the past!
Well written, well acted, well photographed, well directed but absolutely hideously edited horror film. Good editing should be invisible. It should never call attention to itself. The editing in THE FRIGHTENING makes the film unwatchable. There are these absolutely ridiculous and unnecessary flashes of white every two seconds. This makes watching THE FRIGHTENING about the same as experiencing Chinese water torture. What were they thinking? Brinke Stevens makes a nice cameo appearance, and the lead actor who plays her son is very good. I can't believe a director as accomplished as David DeCoteau would give his movie to an editor who made the film an unwatchable experience.
This movie was terrible in so many ways. I can't believe that the writers and directors got away with churning out this crap. What started as a love story between teacher and student turns suddenly and painfully towards a stay-in-school moral. Not bad if perhaps you were forced to watch this in school instead of studying, but not even worth watching on TV. But the music was filled with some decent typical 80s moments... especially whenever the music took over. And although you might think that JLo was in this movie after seeing it, you won't find her anywhere in the movie or in the credits.
This is not only a dreadful movie, it is confusing, and has the feel of several movies stitched together sloppily. I watched it at 1.5 speed and still the pain did not end quickly enough. What was real? What was dream-state? I still don't know; worse, I don't care. I don't know and cannot imagine why Chow Yun-fat made this movie (he does not appear until more than 50 minutes into it) because he was successful already...he should have done commercials and sold floor wash or denture cleaners, done anything except this movie. If someone offers to give you this movie, decline politely.
If you enjoy movies about retards running rampant and elder abuse than this is the movie for you! Some of the best scenes of a naked sick old woman being humiliated that I have ever seen in a movie. Also includes spastic idiot drug abuse and fecal covered sheets! I stopped watching when the retard started force feeding his sick mother pills to "make her better". Truly a horror to watch, and not in a good way. If this is your kind of thing, your time would be better spent watching an expose on abuse in nursing homes. This movie should not have been made.
When I was a teenager I used to watch a lot of Cirio Santiago's war/action flicks like "Equalizer 2000","Nam Angels" or "Last Stand at Lang Mei".His cheaply made but highly energetic movies were popular during VHS revolution in Poland."Demon of Paradise" tells the story of Hawaiian fishing community terrorized by a man sized amphibious monster.I consider myself very tolerant when it comes to rating and reviewing Z-grade trash,unfortunately "Demon of Paradise" is simply dull.There is no gore and the bloodless killings are mostly off-screen.Admittedly Hawaiian landscapes are beautiful and the music is fine,but "Demon of Paradise" is a misfire.4 out of 10 for this low-budget monster dud.
Director Al Adamson's 1970 sci-fi/horror/cosmic/vampire exercise in hallucinogenic film-making. Could there possibly be life on this distant barren planet? How would this world be able to evolve a race of mutant cave-dwelling vampires? Who are these strange lizard-beings and malnutrition-ed buffaloes? Can our hero astronauts survive their own bad acting? Is Dr. Rynning really only 64 years old when he looks like he's 105? These are the burning questions which will keep you on the edge of your seat when you watch 'Blood of the Horror-' ... I mean, 'Horrors of the Atomic-' ... I mean, 'Vampires of the Cave-Dwelling-' ... oh, forget it!
This movie was painful to watch. I usually find every movie to be fairly entertaining, but this is one of only 2 movies I stopped watching part way through. I expected a Rodney Dangerfield movie. This was just Rodney Dangerfield put to waste in a horrible movie. He did not do any of his usual material which might have made this movie bearable. Instead it is a stupid gangster movie, with a stupid plot, bad acting and generally bad feeling throughout the picture. If you watch this movie you will wish you could have that part of your life back and erase the memories of the experience.
This is a mediocre film about fairies. While the history and nostalgia about fairies is, perhaps, somewhat interesting, there is never any rational argument used to justify their existence. Basically this is a fluffy representation of fairies whose only proof is a variety of photogenic sceneries and not so photogenic nutbars who are obviously deluding themselves. No reasonable person could honestly watch this and conclude anything but it was barking mad. Just because their are interesting hills and trees does not mean fairies exist. Shame on this filmmaker. Perhaps next time he will interview at least one skeptic or scientist who has an education beyond 3rd grade.
A movie that is truly a blemish on Bollywood. I saw it on the next day I saw "Gulaam" on TV. I kept wondering as to what prompted Vikram Bhatt to make a movie that made no sense at all. The opening sequence are straight rip-off from "Matrix" and "Crouching Tiger....". Once that is over, the picture takes turn for worse. The story line makes no sense, none of the actors seems to committed to the movie, comedy is crude and vulgar, music is torture to ears, and one can't help shutting of the VCR. I wonder what trash is imposed these days in name of entertainment.
I have not seen a movie, I have seen a poisoned bulk of very low-level propaganda. Yeah, just like "Aleksandr Nevskiy" or "War and Peace" somebody could say, but Moretti is neither Sergei Eisenstein nor Sergei Bondarchuk. The film fits the slot of Fahrenheit 9/11 and Bowling for Columbine: shouting to politicians. How interesting. The actors' play is very bad, but it's a constant feature of Moretti movies. If you are not a left-winged Italianman looking for politically engaged movies, don't watch it. If you are, watch Roberto Benigni, a real artist. If you simply are a guy other than Italian, looking for Italian Movies, look elsewhere.
Saw this one at Guadalajara Movie Festival. Utter crap. Bad acting (for most of the part), horrible photography and one of the worst excuses of a script, even for Mexican cinema standards. It's evident that the filmmakers were trying to appeal to the public using lots of Mexican pop culture references (lucha libre, drug cartels, many b-movie comedy icons from "cine de ficheras" era), but ultimately without an at least coherent script, they failed miserably and should NEVER be given any more precious money to waste in this kind of turd. Recommendation if you did not get my subtle opinion: avoid like an Uwe Boll movie.
Uggghhh!!!! This is one of several Looney Toons cartoons that were shelved decades back due to their strongly racist content. And while SOME of them are actually highly offensive BUT well-made, this one is a bore even if it weren't full of racial stereotypes. For some of these offensive cartoons, I have recommended people watch them--particularly for their historical value. However, this one has really nothing to recommend it--being a long cartoon with nothing but stupid music and very, very big-lipped Black characters acting,...well,...STUPID! So, the film is offensive, poorly made and not particularly entertaining--everything you'd like in a cartoon, huh?! (this is sarcasm, by the way)
This is typical of a lot of modern pseudo-religious fiction, which unfortunately gets taken as gospel by a lot of ignorant people. Like the silly "rapture" books and Hal Lindsey's books about Revelations, it fans the flames of Christian fundamentalism. People have been claiming that the end of the world is at hand beginning immediately with the followers of Jesus. His surviving disciples expected his return in their lifetime, and so it goes. Every hundred years and especially every 1000 years, there has been a huge upsurge in these beliefs. If you can ignore the religious propaganda, the series is an OK mystery adventure story.
C'mon people, i really don¡t understand why some of you says that this is a good movie. Trust me, i have seen a lot of horror movies, and this is one of the worst, not the WORST (beacause "The Brink" wons that tittle years ago) but this is on my top 10 of bad-bad horror movies of all the time. Bad Effects. Bad History. No blood. No gore. No Horror. and ... this is a horror movie right? So, please people. Don't See this movie. Its Crap, like a millions other. Just don't waste your time in this, save your money, or whatever.
The Black Marble was adapted from Wambaugh's novel, which was clever, fresh, funny and compelling. The movie contained none of the above. Harry Dean Stanton's acting was the only saving grace to this movie that went absolutely nowhere from start to finish. Poor acting and painfully slow dialog made this "B movie" appear to last six hours. A true yawn-fest from start to finish. No need to add spoilers to this review as everything that took place was both corny and predictable. Considering Wambaugh was responsible for classics such as the Onion Field and The New Centurions, The Black Marble will be remembered as Wambaugh's Black Plague.
A shockingly boring product, 'Solstice' is perhaps one of the earliest 'by-products' of the Writer's Strike of 2007-2008. When you rent a movie, your basest hope is to derive SOME pleasure from your money spent. 15 minutes pass, you're annoyed and nodding off at the same time, and you wonder if you should hit Fast-Forward or Eject. In this film, the characters lack anything resembling human interest. Their dialog contains zero references to 2008 society or culture. This script could have been written in 1980, or 1970 for that matter! It's a by-the-numbers dull-fest! Want to save a buck on sleeping pills? Watch "Solstice"!
What was the author thinking (or perhaps drinking)? Does he know anything about Europe, Eastern Europe, Slovakia, Bratislava. I think he's a total imbecile. Half a million people lives here. It's not some kind of medieval village, where bloody killers live and crime is overwhelming. Or maybe Americans still think that Eastern Europe is some kind of wild land, the land of poverty, devastation and murder, and it's dangerous to be even near those places. Well then they are f**king idiots if they think so. Such films create a negative image of Eastern Europe, of the Slavs and I think it's a shame that such movies exist.
Unfunny and shockingly unshocking, John Waters has done better. I watched the NC-17 version and really, despite a lot of sexual dialogue, it's hard to see it being deserving of that dreaded rating. Now Pink Flamingos, that was a deserving film! But that's another review altogether! The plot of A Dirty Shame is mostly pointless and drifts into the realm of absurdity, making whatever Waters was trying to say become worthless and forgettable. That all said, there were a few positive things; ugly Tracey Ullman was amusing as the lead and the gargantuan prosthetic boobies that Selma Blair wore were realistic and well made. Well they were.
"Spies Like Us" to me was a movie that could have been so much more. Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd together is a combination that has so much potential. The movie did put them in some pretty funny situations. Chase with the Russian interrogators was a humorous moment in the movie. I just felt like there could have been more. Both are very good at spurting off one-liners, Chase especially, but even their one-liners in this movie seemed like they needed some work. This is one of those movies that was good to watch, but I'm not sure if it will be one that I'll always remember.
This, quite simply, is the worst film ever made. It's hard to say whether the almost entirely stolen story line, the horrific plot holes, the embarrassing special effects, or Alec Baldwin made this movie so ruinously poor. Probably all of those factors are very important, but mostly, the film is crashingly, achingly dull. Even the occasional random dip into soft core pornography with the lovely Lisa Bonet does not raise even the slightest flicker of interest, neither when the buggies come and circle round our "political prisoner" (He was imprisoned for writing a slogan on a wall, oh yes...). Watch it, because this is a landmark.
Finally I saw this movie and it's hopeless. It is supposed to be based on the book, I heard. Well, half of the movie is not to be found in the book. At some point it became so ridiculous I was actually laughing. The only good thing in this failure is Robert De Niro, who was very touching as the 'monster'. His performance was very close to the book. He gives the 'monster' a heart, as it should be. Otherwise, don't bother seeing this thing. It's a waste of time and not worth the title of Mary Shelly's Frankenstein. This is actually Kenneth Brannagh's Frankenstein.
"We'll use this learning machine to learn how to fly!" Huh? "If I die, this will be sent to home office." Wha? Distmantling nuclear bombs from a manual... stored right next to the bomb. Huh? Gold reserves kept inside Ft. Knox have gone undetected by an advance superior species, that desires nothing but gold, for 1000 years. Wha? An alien species teaching their slaves microbiology. What was that? Helicopters that have gone untouched for 1000 years have remained fully fueled. What the...? Destroying an entire planet with one conventional warhead. Wha? Battlefield Earth: A Saga for the year 3000... Huh?
I suppose this was an attempt to turn an L Ron Humbug...I mean Hubbard novel into a science fiction movie. Besides the evil Scientologists, um, I mean Psyklos, being absurdly laughable (dreadlocks and moon boots), the entire film just didn't take itself seriously. There is so much potential in the story, but nothing was followed through, resulting in shallow, if any, plot, hollow characters who were merely caricatures, inept special effects and inane attempts at credibility. Every copy of this film should be returned to the studio where it should be burned and the ashes swept up and buried in a deep, abandoned salt mine.
C.H.U.D is a bit more higher budget than your regular 80's horror flick, but not necessarily much better. It's interesting enough to watch but not particularly great or unique. The best scene is where a woman is taking a shower and blood sprays out of the plug-hole all over her. The story is mildly interesting and the C.H.U.Ds themselves are sort of humanoid monsters with glowing eyes. I can't really say much more as there was little in this film that grabbed me - it's an OK time waster, and that's about it. I don't really understand why everyone else rates it so highly. 4/10.
This is a poor remake of Irwin Allens poor disaster movie Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea. All the same ingredients but done in a totally soulless way. The acting is so wooden it would not look out of place on Gerry Andersons Thunderbirds. I thought that they stopped making rubbish like this back in the 70's. Obviously not! IMDb says I must post at least 10 lines of text in this comment, but its difficult to type anything that is just not negative about this movie. Basically I just cant be bothered its not worth it! so! Rubbish! Rubbish! Rubbish! Waste of time!
This probably is one of the worse films I have seen surely the worse of this decade to date. I mean if you think of the actual story line it only makes sense. Four friends who are all "know it all" meet up in the forrest and they get attacked by aliens. Wow...it sounds like a great movie!!! We don't get to know why this is happenning how the story started and where it is going. Maybe it is because I slept a bit while watching this. i thought highly on the works of Stephen King, but this surely is an excpetion.
Probably one of the better Spenser Tracy/Katherine Hepburn movies. Hepburn is an all around female athlete and Tracy is determined to be her agent. Tennis and golf are the highlighted sports. Hepburn has trouble making the big finish because she "chokes" when her boyfriend is around. Casual and funny banter; evocative of the classic romantic comedy. Also in the cast are:Sammy White, William Ching, Aldo Ray and smaller roles for Jim Backus; the debut of Chuck Connors and yes that thug is Charles Bronson, then known as Charles Buchinski. Directed by George Cukor this story is no great whoop, but the selling point is the Tracy/Hepburn team.
The biggest problem with the critically slammed "Car Pool" is its lack of originality. The affable Arnold plays a likeable two-bit carnival owner in need of money who carjacks a gaggle of kids on their way to school in a van driven by Paymer. What ensues are the usual chases and sophomoric nonsense. A busy flick with lots going on, "Car Pool" is a regurgitation of hackneyed stunts and gags which have been done many times before. An okay diversion for the vegetating sofa spud and little more. (D) Note - IMHO Arnold's Razzie is undeserved. It's hard to look good in a really bad film.
Why are there only WASPs on this ark? Where are the African, the Asian and all the other people? It occurs to me, that this film implies a racist latency, because only white men are saved from the Flood. Also the Special effects look like a 20 year old computer game. I wonder also, why such rubbish is dubbed, while really good movies are only subtitled in Germany. Here you can also see, that Tony Danza slowly is going south. Perhaps he was all the time there. So the movie is maybe something for right-winged Christians, for all the others a really embarrassing play.
If you are a big fan of the television series, starring Peter Graves and Martin Landau, like I am, then you will hate this movie as much as I did. It has nothing to do with the television series, other than its title and opening musical sequence. I went in to this movie expecting more. If you can get beyond these prejudices, then you can expect, at best, a mediocre movie. Right off the top of my head, I can pick five or six episodes from the series that were actually better than this movie. It's a shame because I like Tom Cruse. He's better than this!
I for one like B-movies. If u like B-movies too, I suggest. I saw it about a week ago and when I decided to watch it, I didn't get my hopes up. Plot is fine and the FX aren't that bad. It's simple gangster movie with the usual happenings. They sell dope, collect money, usually they beat up the guy, or brake something. Violence should've been better, guns r so fake. In the end wins the one who can pull out his gun faster, than the other. Everybody loves the money..... The more, the merrier!!! I'll give 4* out of 10*(B-movie rating)
The only halfway decent thing about this movie is the cover art. It's easy to see why the principals have no other movie credits - they're just that bad. The only glimmer of on screen talent is from David No, with a real director and a real script he might hope to turn in a creditable performance. Kel Dolen's lisping narration is a boring attempt to provide some sort of continuity and story line that would otherwise be totally absent from this lame excuse for a movie. There is one shocker connected to this movie; according to the 'Official' website, they are making a sequel!
This film has some scary, funny, and naked chick moments. Doug McClure gives a great performance with his limited ability (no offense Doug). The sea monsters, also known as humanoids, are guys in cheap costumes like the Godzilla movies. This film is not really graphic. If you can stand some blood and some guy in a sea monster suit pretending to hump a lifeless naked female for a second, then this is your film. I encourage all fans of eighties B movies to watch this one. Overall I give the film a 4/10 fair rating. The acting and plot get lame sometimes, but it is still fun.
There's a reason most people don't know about this movie and that's because it's for film students and those who consider themselves in the hierarchy of the film community. Are people too in love with Tarkvosky to recognize this is a bad movie? Bad storytelling? It "invents" nothing. There are virtuous aspects; no doubt. We all know that they're technical. The acting, however, is misdirected. Great actors who have nothing interesting to say and walk around just speaking words. THey mean nothing. Tarkovsky's "sculpting in time" theory has not been closely followed for good reason: it makes for tedious, dull, and repetitive movies. His movies won't last.
Best TV movie ever? Hardly... anybody seen a little movie called DUEL? Hmmm, I guess not. A 6.0 out of 10? And all this positive feedback? Methinks the producers of this little opus are hiking up the score... Don't you guys have anything better to do, like actually reading the scripts of a movie you're producing? If so, then maybe this disaster might not have been dumped on us. The plot isn't worth mentioning, Doug ("I'm not gay...") Savant and Hemingway are suitably awful, and one of the films producers is the guy who played the midget jerk brother on "The Wonder Years". 'nuff said. Avoid.
Joel and the robots could have a field day with this piece of tripe. Dick (21 Jump Street) Grieco has either put on weight or is wearing a padded shirt. None the less, Dick is supposed to be a tough military dude, yet he obviously has a few hours a day to pluck those dainty eyebrows of his. This movie takes place in a military base in a frozen wasteland (in many ways it resembles Grieco's acting career). An uppity punk discovers a secret society within the base and after watching the ritual, my eyes started to bleed. Please, if there is a god, destroy this film.
It's amazing what can be done with a low budget film. You can provide work for shoe salesmen to be actors and for plumbers to be directors. I don't know what the budget for this epic flop may have been but I doubt it was more than seven dollars and twelve cents. What part of "dreadful" do the producers not understand? I've seen many bad films. I've seldom seen one that so effectively combines bad writing, bad acting, bad production and bad staging. It's appearance on television should have been delayed until (the US) Thanksgiving because few families will be able to manage such a giant turkey,
I loved the first couple of seasons of the TV show and I love Paris! So I thought this would be great fun -- afterall I could imagine the kids getting lost in the Louvre, or dangling over the edge of the Eifel Tower, or falling off a bridge and onto one of the tour boats on the river, etc. But, this film takes place in a pseudo-Tokyo theme park named EuroReptarLand (can you say EuroDisney?) There's jokes about sushi, not escargot, sumo wrestlers as waiters and floor show entertainers, and some ripoffs of the "Lady And The Tramp" film, etc. All in all, a huge disappointment.
This is not only a dreadful movie, it is confusing, and has the feel of several movies stitched together sloppily. I watched it at 1.5 speed and still the pain did not end quickly enough. What was real? What was dream-state? I still don't know; worse, I don't care. I don't know and cannot imagine why Chow Yun-fat made this movie (he does not appear until more than 50 minutes into it) because he was successful already...he should have done commercials and sold floor wash or denture cleaners, done anything except this movie. If someone offers to give you this movie, decline politely.
I guess I've become spoiled by watching mainly good movies in recent years, but this was by far the worst movie I have seen in a long, long time. It didn't even have the redeeming virtue of being entertainingly bad; it was just plain BAD. The acting was uniformly wooden, and the script was laughable. I was deluded into thinking that the film was worth seeing by the fact that James Belushi and JoBeth Williams were in it, and even Charles Durning is often good for a laugh if nothing else. God knows what they thought they were doing when they agreed to appear in this turkey.
This movie Is bad. In the movie they never explained why the killer was killing. I mean, granted he was a psycho but even psychos need reasons, rational or not. and i think that they had john doe and her boss act too creepy. I never trusted their motives. Throughout the movie i am trying to figure out the plot, I was reading too much into it. This movie is way shallow but it has potential if they ever re-did it. it seems like the editors, in haste, cut the plot to fit the time slot. but it is very edgy. i think someone should re-do it.
Another Barbie movie. And guess what? Kelly Sheridan is also in this film. Before I ever ran across the Barbie movies, I would have never heard this name, but that is the miracle for being willing to watch any movie out there. Anyway, its just a Barbie version of the "Prince and the Pauper" that has been done so many times before. Except this is a GGI Barbie version with a twist: somebody is trying to take over the 'Barbie kingdom'. Yes, very exciting. Overall, except for the two couples at the end, the story followed the traditional format. Not much to see here. "D-"
Mike Figgis' 'Miss Julie', an adaptation of a Strindberg play, tells the story of a relationship struggling in the face of class divisions, and protagonists torn between their obsessions and ambitions. Figgis gets intense performances out of his cast, the music (written by himself) is excellent and in spite of its origins on the stage, he avoids an overly static feel; and the language (rendered in English) seems fresh. But the characters themselves are a little too archetypal, their feelings theatrically contrived into dialogue; personally I couldn't care too much about their ultimate tragedy. An immaculately made film, but somehow less than the sum of its parts.
Not a bad film, just not a good film. Started off strong, but ended poorly. A great first effort by the director - shows a lot of promise. The acting was pretty weak overall, but the material was thin. The production was pretty good for a cheap sci-fi. The Christian symbolism was laid on so thick you could actually smell it. It wasn't even symbolism - it was iconography. Some christians and non-christians alike will find it offensive or tedious for that reason. It is hard to promote any given religion in a film without coming off lame. Hope we see more sci-fi from France.
3480 IMDb users gave this movie an average vote of 6.2! What? Is it a joke? This movie should belong to the bottom 100. I don't get it. Who enjoys watching a pretentious no brain movie with stereotype characters and predictable cliché plot? For almost two hours I struggled not to fastforward or just push the stop button. I have seen so many great movies lately (such as Fight Club, Gladiator, Memento, Snatch) so the only good thing about Save the Last Dance was to give me some perspective about the good movies from the bottom. I pity the people involved in this movie... and the audience.
We hear about it far too much in the horror genre: a poorly made film with an interesting premise. Had this shied away from the punk-teen angle (like that of Bava's 'Demons') and headed for straight horror (maybe on the level of 'El Orfanato'), it could've had the chance to be a rather good film. Instead, poor writing, bad direction, seemingly bored actors, and silly camera tricks in exchange for real scares, we're left with yet another forgettable haunted-house picture. I'd say pass it up and wait for 'The Orphanage' on DVD. Or, if you can't wait, check out 'The Devil's Backbone.' -AP3-
Brooks plays a neurotic screenwriter who's lost his writing "edge" and finds a real-life muse to put the spark back into his work. Speaking of "edge", it's evident Brooks has lost his with this film. He tries to poke fun at Hollywood, but its mostly very light-hearted, a bit disjointed, and only occasionally funny. Brooks has done some fine films in the past (Broadcast News, Defending Your Life), but this isn't one of them. Some interesting cameos from a variety of directors, and a good comedic turn by Sharon Stone just can't save this movie. For a better, more cynical take on Hollywood, see The Player.
I thought it was a pointless film, full of r-soles. The acting is okay, but the film left me with a feeling that I had wasted time watching it. The constant, "sir," this and, "sir," that, got on my nerves, and the writer's idea of setting the film in a Yorkshire Grammar School to fool the audience into forgetting that they are all, essentially, a bunch of toffs, didn't work on me. I couldn't wait for this boring, directionless pile of pretentious mung to end, and cannot let anyone else watch this crap, so please believe me, PLEASE!!! Never watch this poor, poor film.
Some parts were weird but good acting. It was funny and had a excellent story line. It was entertaining and had lots of drama. you can relate to the characters and their problems. I also liked the way it was directed. It was good for a foreign film. Some parts were weird but good acting. It was funny and had a excellent story line. It was entertaining and had lots of drama. you can relate to the characters and their problems. I also liked the way it was directed. It was good for a foreign film.
It could have been so much better, if this lame courtroom comedy had a decent script and at least some inspired jokes. But as it is, lawyer Jeff Daniels and actor Michael Richards accidently switch roles and have to handle a difficult case and two female interests. The latter are charmingly played by tough, but pretty Jessica Steen and gorgeous and likeable Charlize Theron. And even the judge is played by comedian Austin Pendleton. But Jonathan Lynn, who was responsible for the hilarious courtroom comedy that was MY COUSIN VINNY doesn't succeed here. Still, it's not a total BOMB, and Rip Torn is a funny bad guy.
I believe this is a major accomplishment by Hollywood. The first widely distributed commercial movie directed and written entirely by 12 year olds. The clichés are overwhelming, the editing seems to have been done by a lazy slob - especially apparent during a scene where top army brass watch a helicopter goes down on his monitor screen - who the heck was the stupid jerk holding a camera 50 feet from a battle helicopter in a jungle during combat? Last words: if Americans really do act the way they are portrayed in this movie, it is no wonder that many hate them so much.
Don't get me wrong, I found this WILDLY entertaining - as a comedy. Me and everyone that watched it with me laughed hysterically at this thing. The rhymes and lyrics are 3rd grade level and simplistic. At first, I thought R. Kelly deliberately made this as a joke, but it seems apparent that he's taking himself pretty seriously. It's great for a good laugh. That other comment above this one, I contend is written by someone involved in the sales of the video or a lobotomy patient. No sane human could possibly consider this a serious work with any redeeming value. Darn funny stuff though!!
This film manifests all that is degenerate about the "coming of age" genre: saccharine sentimentality, numbing cliché, jarringly unsubtle plot devices. Don't be fooled by apparent spiciness of a movie about a sixteen-year-old boy's experimentation with prostitutes. This movie is entirely conventional. And you won't be able to redeem your one-and-a-half hours by just listening to the soundtrack. It's crap too. All of the dramatic tension is relieved after forty minutes, which means that the film wanders aimlessly and pointlessly for another forty. Omar Sharif's commentary on the DVD is similarly inane. There is really nothing to be said in favour of this movie along any dimension.
I saw this film at the LA Film Festival and found it to be a boring talk-fest between two largely unsympathetic, unconvincing characters. If Hawke was trying to channel Linkletter's Before Sunrise/Sunset, he should have also created characters whose motivations and reactions are at least somewhat plausible, even if they happen to be 20 year olds. On the other hand, the character portrayed by Laura Linney (the mother of male lead) is refreshing in her contribution of realism to the story. Otherwise, if you like lots of self-involved rambling about nothing much, punctuated by music videos and a few moments of soft-core porn, this is your movie.
Great martial arts action makes this cheap, low-budget, and poorly acted Yuen Woo-Ping film fairly entertaining and likable. The story is one we have seen many times before in many variations - terrorists take over a cruise ship and kill randomly, crew betrayals and heroic actions by a former cop (with a bitter past to add some depth to the character) to save the day are nothing new. A larger budget and better supporting actors would have made this lots better, but even so the no-wires-anywhere fight scenes are great despite the film's grade-Z budget, dumb stereotyped characters, and over-the-top slaughter-everyone violence. Worth a one-time see anyway.
An old man travels back in time to save John Kennedy from being hilled, meanwhile in the new present day, Bruce Campbell is making a movie on another conspiracy that transpired on the day Kennedy was supposed to get shot. Low budget crap where none of the actors look or sound anything like who they're supposed to be portraying. It might be a good 'what if', but in execution it's extremely lacking and even the insanely great Bruce Campbell can't save this turkey that comes off as a sub-par episode of "The Outer Limits" My Grade: D Eye Candy: Shelley Marks gets topless
The main portion of this lightweight musical story is located at fictional Midwick College, which Peter Kendricks (Peter Lind Hayes) attends due to the largesse of stage actress Grace Hayes, his real-life mother who fills the same role here, and who manages to supply his love interest through her secretary Mary (Healy) who is his real-life wife. Drably directed from a weak script, and additionally hampered by excessive cutting and poor editing, this film does provide some treasures among its eight songs, including the title number, and has nice turns by soprano Healy, Benny Rubin as a snack shop proprietor, and the dynamic tap dancing Roland Dupree.
I realized that nobody from behind 'iron curtain' decided to comment this movie. So do I. This movie is treated by people from this side of Europe as communistic propaganda of its times. Leading role of Soviet scientists, international crew makes me sick. Characters are flat, artificial, they declare but not talk. Story is based on book ("Astronauts") of famous Polish sci-fi writer and philosopher Stanislaw Lem. But I would like to admit, that: - it is early book of Lem - author treated this book as 'mistake of childhood' and was never proud of it - he did not like this movie,
Depressingly awful. Looks like the director cast his mechanic, postman and a truck stop waitress in the lead roles, resulting in the type of performances typical of porn movies. I've seen more atmosphere in my father's 8mm home movies. Even hardcore horror fans will be pressed to find anything enjoyable about this bottom-feeder. It's actually packaged as a "Collector's Edition" and includes a "Making of..." documentary tagged on at the end, as if to suggest this is a "classic" to be cherished for the ages. Hopefully the director was able to get his job back at the bottle-capping factory after the shoot. Nobody should see this movie.
It took me about 20 viewings to actually sit through this stinker. It's that bad! What's worse, it seems like every time it was on, it was on the part I had already seen - the inhumanity. Note to the Hank's kid: you're not Tom, so think about a different career. This Colin Hanks kid has no chemistry or charisma. He's charmless, a real dope. The movie isn't funny, badly paced, boring, a real stiff. I've seen wittier lines in porno. This one is an affront to real movie fans. Anyone that says different should be lobotomized. And there's the real truth, Jack.
I am really at a loss in trying to review this movie... What is there to say about this film? Unfortunately, not much. Yes, Swinton gives a good performance, and yes the costumes are good, but that is just about all there is to this motion picture. Everything else is a mass of senseless mumbo-jumbo. This film has no story, no meaning, says nothing and is going nowhere. A complete waste of time and money, I really don't know what else to say about this film. But then again, it's probably one of those 'intellectual masterpieces' I am just too ignorant to understand. Silly me...
If there's ever an award for "Most Boring Film Noir Ever Made," this little stinker would be in strong contention. It is a miserable, plodding police procedural with essentially nothing to recommend it. About the best you can say is that the last 15 minutes are marginally less dull than the rest. Edward G. Robinson is squandered. Set in Montreal, the film has all the French-Canadian flavor of Frank Sinatra singing "O Canada." IMDb thinks the above review is too short. Boy, they sure wouldn't think so if they'd had to sit through this turkey. I have already given it far more words than it deserves.
Part of a disturbing trend in recent film-making where complex ideas are expressed as propaganda rather given a fair airing. The film displays a complete unwillingness to understand economics. It includes comments by eminent economists only to mock them. It fails to understand Adam Smith's age old point that "It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest." The film does contain kernels of truth and does package the ideas in an entertaining way, but by allowing no room for dissent, it is merely preaching platitudes to the choir.
If a tree sucks you up in a haunted forest, would there be a reason to watch it? There really wasn't much to appreciate from this film. Three friends go into a forest in search of a haunted tree that one of the groups grandfather had written about. Forests are scary by themselves, but you never really felt that in the film. Even the moments that were supposed to be scary, weren't. The actors were very forgettable, and the pace was as slow as a tree growing. IT just didn't deliver. It just seemed to be so many leaves in search of a tree.
This is a movie directed at young children (I watched it with my little brother), who will eat up the slapstick and inept adults. If you have seen the first contemporary version starring Mason Gamble, don't see this. Justin Cooper ("Liar,Liar" and "Home Alone 3") in not even half as good as was Gamble in the first. This movie would be totally worthless if not for the cinematography of Christopher Faloona. He uses strange camera angles (lots of overhead shots) and employs some cool tricks with the focus. This is the only thing that kept me from rating this movie a 1. My Grade: 2
This film takes you on a pseudo-sexual journey through the eyes and minds of several virile seniors. What you think you are getting at the beginning is not with what you will leave. Kudos goes to the director and his creative staff for approaching this heavily debated topic with such fearless creativity. A quality film should evoke the thought process and possibly release repressed fears and anxieties. The surprise ending should leave the educated viewer questioning his or her own personal views on the plight of the aging in America. If this is a 15 minute journey, I cannot wait to take a full-length journey with this man.
Are you guys kidding? This is one of the worst films ever! The acting is atrocious, and there is almost nothing morally redeemable about the film at all. Racist, sexist, imperialistic--c'mon, get a life! The little 'slave' boy, grinning lackey slacker? Who just won't work reliably for the white trader? The idea that women's worth is to be measured on the basis of her looks (though admitting we can sometimes be wrong about it)???? That men set the value of all things, including women? This is truly as bad as it gets. Too bad Mormon children --especially the girls-- have to grow up with this crap.
What is the best feature at Disney MGM?Together with Indiana Jones is Star Tours, the great simulator of Star Wars. You are in a strange fusion of bus and spaceship.The cool thing is that the simulator is very realistic and loyal to Star Wars Saga, so you can sense a great speed when you enter Hyperspace or when you are evading laser shots at the Death Star. The "bus" is controlled by R2 and a droid called RX-1138, or just Rex, a troublesome droid who makes many mistakes during the film, like entering an ice asteroid. But afteralls, Star Tours is perfect, just like Star Wars! 10!
I can't for my life understand what's so appealing about this show and how on earth it has such a high rating. This is a type example of a show which just have gone on and on, years after it should have been canceled. The plots are utterly ridiculous including possessions by Satan, evil twins and mind control through chips operated into peoples brains. This is what happens when the writers run out of ideas and take to bizarre stories just to keep the show running. Unless you're a fan of bad acting and ridiculous plots you should stay as far away from DOOL as possible.
I thought that the movie was dramatic with heart touching scenes. I would like to see a sequel to this movie. The ending does leave one to wonder what will happen to the Invisible People. Also a story line could be built on the idea that Tomme is now the Chief. A future sequel could show us how the tribe has thrived under the leadership of Tomme. This sequel could also show us Tomme and Kachiri and their family. I would like to see Tomme teaching his children about the traditions that were passed down to him from his adopted father Wanadi.
Immediately became one of my must-see's. A blend of comedic timing, good acting and writing together with enough truism's of real life-and the hint of reality-thrown in. Ms. Spelling is not afraid to surround herself with talented actors and share the spotlight. She pokes fun at every aspect of herself, her life and past experience, but the genius is that at the same times she's broken out of the typecast... She has proved, thus far, that she can be a strong part of the creative process that yields great television. Surprised? Yes. Now an admirer? Yes. Keep the laughs coming, Greg
This movie is one of the cutest films i've ever seen. The actors are great and their characters absolutely loveable. Jez (Stuart Townsend - one can only feel sorry for his haircut in the movie) and Dylan (Dan Futterman) are two little crooks who try to make enough money to fulfill their dream and buy themselves a house. While doing one of their swindels they get to know Georgie (played by Kate Beckinsale) and happen to both fall in love with her. From that point on it's getting real chaotic, but you can bet on a happy ending. Maybe it's a little predictable, still absolutely worth watching it.
I would compare this to Talk to Her and Heaven. The protagonist commits a terrible crime but turns out to be a likable guy. The murder is over and done with quickly. After that, I laughed a lot. This is more of a romantic comedy than a drama. The characters are somewhat over the top, especially Keiko's mother. The weird thing is the chaste romance story. The lack of PDAs and kissing in a movie with sex and nudity is disorienting. High contrast between a reserved, traditional Japanese culture and frank subject matter. Not for kids. Beaultifully shot. The director is world famous for good reason.
It has been said before, but I came to the same conclusion so it must be said again: if you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie. Super-glossy image, decent acting (though I find Sobieski pretty boring as a lead) and a good, minimalist music score can't do much when the clumsy screenplay has so many conveniences (the heroine seems to have a mysterious knack for being in the right place at the right time to see/hear/find everything she needs to piece the truth together). The only well-handled aspect of the film is the subtle sexual tension between Sobieski and Skarsgard, but this sub-plot is soon dropped. (*1/2)
This is a B movie about an ex-con trying to go straight, but forced by his former cronies to participate in a bank robbery. It has a nice film-noir look but the script is quite routine and predictable. While it's worth watching, there is nothing compelling or memorable about it. Hayden sleep-walks through his role of a tough-talking, world-weary police captain who suspects ex-con Nelson is involved in a series of holdups. In one of his earliest credited roles, albeit as Buchinsky, Bronson plays one of the heavies while Kirk plays Nelson's concerned wife. Everybody in this film is tough and hard-boiled and the performances are all wooden.
I loved this movie. All the stars were at their peak. They looked so glamorous and young and vital in their careers. I loved Paulette Goddard. In my personal opinion, she has been overlooked by so many. She was a wonderful beautiful star. Can't believe in the re-release they put Susan Hayward ahead of Paulette. Hayward had a very small part. Paulette was the star of the movie. It's not the first time they have put Goddard last. Too bad. I think she's terrific. She had the ability to do comedy as well as drama. And she was a very gorgeous woman. That wonderful laugh of hers.
The Final Fantasy series was never one of my favorite things to play. But when Final Fantasy VII hit the PlayStation, I was addicted. But a few years later, when Final Fantasy VIII came to American shores and I piked it up, I was blown away. It was just awesome, the graphics to the storyline, even the music. The game was everything I wanted in an RPG. A must own for fans of genre. Even though most people wanted the FF series to go back to their roots, taking out the modern edge, I personally enjoyed the fact that it was somewhat modern. It's easier to relate with.
this movie, from Steven Spielberg's DreamWorks Pictures, is a great achievement in animated movies. It tells a story of biblical proportions (literally!) about slave Mozes' life as The Prince of Egypt, and does it in a great way. The animation is truly stunning, especially the scenes when Mozes splits up the Red Sea, and when he turns the Nile into blood (which was really kind of scary). I can't really recommend the whole family (including 7-year old kids) to go see this, but if you're over 12 years old and you know something about the story of Mozes, you'll definitely appreciate this film. I give it a 9.
I wish I had DVDs of the early years, I would use them in my Sunday School curriculum. Yes, I know that Sister Steve had some odd undertakings, but I don't think they detracted from the day-to-day exploration of Catholic Christian theology. The site requests additional lines so I'll commend Tom Bosley's warm performance as Father Dowling. Tracy Nelson had the look and personality of a young woman settling into the religious life. I enjoyed the Chicago setting as well. Around the time this show was canceled, I pretty much quit watching television as so much of it was so offensive. This show was substantive without being corny.
it's not as good as resident evil but it's still a 10 i did not even get scared when it came on sci channel last week long advertisement though but it was still awesome though that was the best movie i saw that had zombies cause it had a lot of light and the dude who wrote it if your on here good job dude.Shaun of the dead was good to.la.la.la.Ad.Ad.Ad.brass monkey junkie that monkey monkey. awesome movie dude Freddy is better than zombies.i hope bub the chainsaw dude is dead it was never closed..........i live in Texas thats why...........it sucks bad-ass.i ate.eye.cool.mummy.ass.jackass.Darin.i hate comments.they suck like you-tube.
Either I'm getting too old and out of touch with reality or most of the reviews and votes on this website are done by industry paid shills. This is certainly the worst movie I've seen in a while. Murrray's deadpan can be funny but only when he's juxtaposed with either an outrageous situation (Ground Hog Day) or with outrageous people (Ghostbusters). In this case it just doesn't work. I know that actors have to take chances on scripts and that sometimes it pays off. This time it didn't. I feel embarrassed for Dafoe, Blanchett and the rest. Oh well. This thing is a turkey. You've been warned!
Laughable historically inaccuracies, poor script, laughable acting and hilarious story make this movie barely worth 2/10. In particular I would love to know how ~40 peasants with pointy sticks and a goat managed to defeat the king's army without casualties. Also how did they get from Nottingham to London with no horses so quickly (did they all ride on the same goat). I suspect the notorious prisons of the Tower Of London weren't actually made of cardboard and you couldn't really escape by getting a good run-up at the doors. Etc. Etc. Etc. Malcolm McDowell has made many poor movies in the past and this is no exception.
A Fine Movie, but lacking in story... A puzzle-box movie, similar to rather Butterfly Effect than Memento. Mostly it turns you on in the beginning, sliding through the story, keeping you thinking - when starts the thrill. Some good moments - similar to the Butterfly Effect. Sarah Polley reminded me her next movie - My Life Without Me - all the time. It's a pity. Ryan Philippe though had his best presentation yet. Still worth a look. Liked characters, and it had some style. Not all the answers will be answered, but still most of the points it lost are due to the ending...
my girlfriend and I loved it. we found it very funny. my girlfriend and I were able to relate with a lot of the situations. there were moments when I was doubling over in my seat laughing. Kate Hudson is great, aside from being really pretty. :) she has a good knack for comedy. all throughout the movie we saw shades of her mom's (Goldie Hawn) style, but with enough touches of her own to make her own style distinct. of course, the movie is predictable, particularly the ending, which I felt needed a little more polish. but all in all, it was very enjoyable.
A fantasy film like 'Field of Dreams' with excellent acting from Jonathan Winters and Jacqueline Bisset and some reasonably good swing music and jitterbugging. The lead is handsome and appealing but the story is somewhat hackneyed. Definitely worth seeing because of the leads, though, and the music (aside from Innis' inept crooning) is worth hearing. Tom Skerritt is, as always, a very good supporting actor. The band doesn't really get enough time, and I wish there had been even more swing. The ending could use a bit of pruning, too. Coming out on DVD in the Fall. The last theatre engagement is going on now, in Larkspur, Cal.
I love this film, and it is such a shame that anything he did post local hero didn't capture any of this. How many films have a character trying to drown himself in a bowl of cornflakes, a police radio only used for ordering cream buns, a lad pretending to buy a television just to scav a ciggies. Lines like 'multiple social deprivation' actually make you laugh. Kids selling ciggies. A youngster boasting of his o-levels in front of a statue. A car which is not a car. It is funny without being patronising. Watch it, it is shown now and then on Channel five in the daytime.
I am an avid player of the "Resident Evil" video game and I have to say they did an excellent job making the movie from the games. A lot of people who play the games may be disappointed because the movie isn't 100% like the game. Well all I have to say to that is "GET OVER IT"! The movie was fantastic and Milla Jovovich was terrific. I hope enough people go and see this so they will make a sequel. I would be disappointed if people didn't go and see this movie just because its based off a video game. That would be a mistake!!
Roman Polanski really outdid himself in this original film about lust,perversions,love,dependencies,relationships and the evil of man. All shaped and formed in the city of love,Paris.You're flung to and from Paris on to a cruise on open dark waters.The shift and the graphic story send your sealegs a drift. Hugh Grant ,in his shy studdering act of a prude sexually frustrated Englishman drawn into temptation by the french vamp,is adorable compared to the other characters in the film. Curiosity killed the cat! This movie is at times very erotic and then it slides down to real perversity's. It captures you and doesn't leave you unmarked.
The way documentary and drama are mixed is excellent. The data on which the documentary parts are based are up to date and well-researched, and the dramatic parts are credible and give a good impression of life in Rome in the Flavian era. The voice-overs switch between first-person (Verus) and narrator; towards the finale, the narrator follows the texts of the Roman poet Martial. A very good counterweight against implausible fiction like Gladiator and The Arena. (By the way, the actor playing Verus' friend and colleague Priscus played a gladiator in Gladiator as well.) I was charmed especially by the Latin dialogue between the characters themselves. Well done!
I caught this on TV one day not knowing what it was called or who made it. The film hypnotized me with beautiful photo, unhurried pace and a charismatic main character - Sam Marlowe, played to perfection by John Forsythe. Then I picked up a paper and found out that it was made by Hitchcock. It surprised me because TTWH is lacking in suspense but rich in humor, romance and mystique. Good performances by everyone involved. The characters seem like real people who have their lives interrupted by a small inconvenience (the corpse). The film is completely original and I can't wait to see it again.
I think this is a great movie. It's focus is on the *person* Karl Koch, how he became the character he was in the end, and definitely not another "Hacker"-like movie or a story about the so-called "KGB-Hack" and how his group was finally busted. What makes this movie different from e.g. X-Files is that it is realistic; everyone can easily reconstruct how Karl Koch came to believe in the conspiracy-theories based on the "Illuminatus"-books - A believe that was increasingly strengthened by his ever increasing cocaine addiction. This is also a movie about friendship, false friends, and how friendship and trust are sacrificed to money and addiction.
Melding the perfect mixture of the visual grace of a silent film with a modern soundscape and bearing a twenty-first century post-apocalyptic sardonic sense of humor, Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro's "Delicatessen" becomes one of the finest contemporary films. This pitch black comedy delves into cannibalism and oddball romance in the same breath with equal gusto and therefore feels horrific, humorous, and haunting all at once. Every frame is a wonder of detail and originality that reinvigorates even the most jaded and long-time film viewer with the sense of rediscovering the art form. This is film-making in the highest regard worthy of praise, awe, and multiple viewings.
Like many people on this site, I searched far and wide for several years to find a copy of JT. If you would like a copy, please email me. There is no charge, and by accepting this DVD from me, you must NEVER charge anyone for a copy of this DVD....just make a copy and pass it along to a family member or friend. Hopefully one day, there will be a pristine copy of this wonderful movie/Christmas special. My copy is about a 6 out of 10....still, very easily watchable. It's like watching TV back in 1969, or watching an old VHS. Take care, Larry
A terrible unprofessional looking film with an awful script,scene chewing acting and cartoonish "special effects".The plot is a silly unexplained mix of zombies and skin disease with the characters mostly standing around in a house and wondering what is happening while their neighbors all mill around outside and shake their heads really really fast.I guess the fast head shaking is supposed to scare us or something.I'm mostly scared I'll accidentally rent another movie made by this crew. This film is embarrassingly bad and not in that "so bad its good" kinda way either. Avoid this mess like you would a big steaming pile of dog dookie.
the fairytale was well to the fore in this completely charming quest film, which has such striking individual scenes that i think the directors must have a background in theatre drama. There s a charming(and accurate in essence) demonstration of the co operative nature of french village life, of suburban relationships, of the desire that women have for a life which contains a little of magic and adventure.Fiona Gordon has the grace of a dancer, and the plight of her husband is both pathetic and noble, as well as funny. after watching the film i kept remembering little pieces that made me laugh, and beautiful evocations of.... icebergs?
I loved this film immensely, and even recorded it from TV way back in the 1980's ... but sadly lost the film on a trip back to Africa. I could kick myself many times over. For me, the attraction of the film was two-fold; primarily for the adventure, fun and humour, but also for the factual elements surrounding the sometimes profitable art of fossicking. I doubt very much that it would every be released again, but I live in hope that the BBC or one of the Movie Channels will show it again (though usually of course, this happens at some obscure hour of the morning!)
Talented cast, director, screenwriter update good 1920s Hammett short story into full-length film. The expanded story (100X more stolen $$ !) retains the theme that criminals are doomed by the double-cross, and the resourceful detective is a better chess player once the plan goes awry. Jovavich seems as beautifully dangerous as other relatively recent worthy contenders for the "film" fatale pantheon like Fiorentino, J-Lo, Boyle, Russell. Thoughtful plot twists as players strive to gain the upper hand (although intricacies of the embezzlement eluded me). Odd "gang" could have stepped right out of the Maltese Falcon. The filmmakers left their heart, if not their Turk St., in San Francisco.
Not the best of the Val Lewton horror series, but it has its moments. When I think about it, the plot seems very good. A small group of people quarantine themselves on a small Greek island when they discover that one of them has the plague. Boris Karloff stars as a Greek general who becomes cruel when trying to keep order. After the army doctor dies, he becomes superstitious along the lines of an old woman who is also on the island. Somehow, the characters and the situation never come off especially well. It's never bad, but it's never great, either. The finale is quite effective, however. 7/10.
I had heard superlative comments on this film and it does not disappoint. Paris is the backdrop and what a Paris, A Paris of La Boheme and the Merry Widow. Audrey is brilliant in the role of Amelie, projecting a true joie de vivre. The film is full of surprises in both plot and characters. I left the theatre feeling lighter. It is truly one of a kind, eccentric, unusual and uplifting. I will not say more on it as it would spoil the fun. I gave it a 10 out of 10 for something so completely out of the ordinary and so very unhollywood.
Saw it before, and watched it again last night, even though I normally don't watch films twice. Period. I think this is a brilliant film. The humour in it is great, even though I knew what was coming. I mean: the fact that I remembered some of the lines from watching it a couple of years ago, while I can't remember what I had for dinner yesterday, speaks for itself. In my book anyway. :-) Regardless of the comments, by others or myself, this film deserves a chance, so if you've never seen it I heartily recommend watching it. I'm (pretty) sure you'll love it.
This excellent film is one of William Holden's best earlier roles...not all that far from the major stardom that was to come. This was also a nice change of pace for Robert Mitchum. It was another sturdy performance by Loretta Young. I find it entertaining, honest and well made. I do wish Warner Home video would see fit to release it on DVD. It's a good 'family' movie, and I believe it would be popular. Considering it was one of RKO's biggest hits in the late 1940's, I guess the public back then saw it the same way I see it....as a terrific film.
I've never seen any movie like this where people represent dogs about to be put down and their characters. The movie keeps switching back and forth between the actors and the animals. The actors talk and you get a feeling for the animals. It's sad and yet funny. One animal starts to have a baby and another tries to have sex with another dog and the viewer gets to understand by watching the actors represent these dogs. One dog is about to be put down and you see how nervous he gets. One gets a different feeling for one's pet after watching this movie.
What were they thinking? This movie is geared to the typical Seasame Street set of 2 to 8 year olds. Although the story line deals with lessons in sharing, we see Elmo lose his blanket to an evil fellow in Grouchland. If your kids have a favorite blanket this will hit too close to home. The producers added commentary by Bert and Ernie after the movie proved too frightening. The Bert and Ernie bits do lighten things up a bit but it is too scary. The movie has the usual great sets, puppets etc. but it is not for the 2 to 8 year old set. Go figure.
I love this film. I love the soundtrack written by Tom Waits and sung with Crystal Gayle. Their voices blend beautifully; one would never have guessed. This is incredibly stylized; the basic and simple plot is almost irrelevant; the imagery, the direction, the sets and the performances are all enchanting. If the DVD would only come out I would order in a nanosecond. Find a copy to rent, duplicate it and save it for your next first date with someone. A little promotion of a new DVD, theatrical re-release, and FFC/Zoetrope would probably make all their money back. I wonder what it would take to make this happen.
So, the killer is crushed by a train and Block is left holding his arm? Almost laughable. Were they over budget and rushed for time? They should have examined more the relationship between Block and the killer who he arrested years before for 2 rapes as stated in the later part of the movie. Good acting by Alison Eastwood. The New Orleans skyline looked spectacular. I am a huge Eastwood fan, but this ranks toward the bottom. Very predictable, and seemed to drag in some parts. Why the Wes Block character anyway? I kept waiting for them to refer to him as "Callahan" the whole time.
I really don't think that the film has been completely planned in the strict (and too rigid sense), for this would also have taken away much of the emotional power from the film, as is the case with many too commercially calculated/that is, too strictly preplanned films from the USA. Nevertheless, the story always has to be thought out, but I really find it is an advantage of the film that many scenes are played in a very spontaneous manner (that in my opinion also is seen in the fun of the actors to play it). It's really the human and optimistic feeling of the film that counts.
The 1990's version of Dr.Finlay was filmed in my home town of Auchtermuchty. A great number of residents were cast as extras which was a great opportunity (not to mention £58 a day for not doing very much!!!). The cast members were delightful, especially the very charming and humble David Rintoul. The crew were equally fantastic and great to see again in the village over the 4 years the series was filmed. However not all the scenes were filmed in Auchtermuchty (Arden House for instance was elsewhere). As a teen on location it inspired me to take an interest and go on to study Television production at college.
A !970 GTO Judge. The humble growling of the 455 engine. Mr. GTO (Warren Oats), claims at one point that he got bored flying jet fighter planes, so he bought the Judge to get back the excitment. This movie is a cult/classic for car buffs.James Taylor (the driver) and Dennis Wilson,(the Mechanic) are incredible. You really get the true feeling and passion for their love of cars and street racing. This movie will be enjoyed by all car freaks, and is of special delight to GTO lovers. Once you see it, you will want to see it time and time again. Too bad it's not available on video.
It's Monday, April 1 at the morning "Megaphone", the newspaper that's six months behind all big public events. Cub reporter Charley Chase (as Jimmy Jump) arrives to find the newsroom involved in "April Fool's Day" hi-jinks. Mr. Chase is the victim of several tired and true April fool jokes. For example, Chase drinks from a water dribble glass. Then, Chase sits in ink. And, Chase lights an exploding stogie. When the editor's wife telephones for help, after her house catches on fire, everyone thinks it's an April fool joke. Editor's daughter Blanche Mehaffey, whom Chase loves, wouldn't play a cruel April fool's joke on Chase, or would she?
Finally, a movie with socially important messages. Yes, it is devoid of violence and vulgarity. Really beautiful settings and magnificent animals. This leaves viewers with a sense of hope and promise. Predictable? yes but so well crafted. The acting was very good and believable. Comning from a family with a small farm, and having a father that too put his hope and faith in race horses, I really connected. Famileis will find many lessons and can use them to make their own lives happier and more complete. I would recommend this to anyone wanting clean entertainment and good feelings. I believe that life can really be this way.
One must watch this film closely or run the risk of missing something very relevant. I watched very closely and still missed the whodunnit part. Like Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot [another weirdo dick], big Nero likes to gather all the suspects' together and tell each one how the caper went down and then name the guilty party. Somehow, the big finale went straight over my little pointy head: I still don't have the vaguest inkling who the baddie is. Still, I consider this a very good film: loved the locales and old cars. What a great study Nero had. I'd give a month's pay for that red chair.
Andrew dice clay was ripped off big time for this show.people bashed him for his comedy,but let me tell you he is very underrated as an actor...his comedic moments are top-notch.Hollywood shows dice no respect,and he should get his due.id like to see him in more mainstream movies...as the lead man.if your offended by his stand-up comedy.,don't buy his dvds....i own everything dice has ever did regarding movies and comedy Cd's.i will root for him to make a comeback...because i for one love and appreciate his talent.the lack of respect the #1 comedian in history(record sales).gets is baffling.lastly id like to say diceman your unbelievable in my book.
Lee Majors as Colonel Austin has always been one of my favorite actors / characters!!! If you're a big fan like me, you'll be sure to enjoy this special. Ever since the Original Series went off the air, The three TV specials that aired, this being one of the three, really don't sum up the awe and power that the character of Steve Austin has. However, it was good to see Colonel Austin and his team back in Action, great action sequences and a captivating story-line, reminded me of the great 80s shows like Knight Rider, The A-Team, and countless others. Overall Rating: 3.5 out of 5
Like all screen plays, a writer does his/her best to avoid unnecessary dialog. I'd imagine in short films, this rule of thumb is even more pertinent. Although Cute and Creepy does not answer all your inquiries about love, it definitely raises new questions. How would I react to a secret admirer? Would I be flattered, or would that note left on my doorstep be borderline stalking? While many films are made to entertain, this one will definitely make you think. Highly recommended. Just as satisfying as a 90 minute feature, minus all the popcorn in your teeth. Looking forward to more pieces of work from this brilliant writer/producer...
These twins (the writers / directors / stars )want to be shocking, creative and profound, and often seem to wish they were David Lynch. But they don't have his brains or talent. So it's slow without being meaningful, and preachy with no wisdom. Even in a stylized film with bizarre elements, things have to be real on some level, and very little here rings true. As far as the style, it's juvenile and derivative. The model who plays the erstwhile girlfriend is nice to look at, but that only goes so far, especially considering the absence of any nudity to break the monotony. An empty, pretentious, stupid film.
"Melvin and Howard" is one of those maybe-true-maybe-not stories. Working class Melvin Dummar (Paul LeMat) finds along the road a scraggly old man (Jason Robards) who may or may not be Howard Hughes. When Hughes leaves Melvin a sum of money, Hughes' family fights it. Yes, it sounds like a rather plain story, but director Jonathan Demme knows how to make it interesting. Mary Steenburgen won an Oscar for her role as Melvin's wife Lynda; she adds an interesting dimension to the film, confused by her husband's unexpected fortune, but doing everything possible to keep her life together. Quirky, but something that you won't want to miss.
Trance, a vague, though good movie. It isn't so that the more you see it the less vague it becomes. I really recommend watching the movie at least 2 times. Too bad Christopher Walken didn't get a role spreading out on a bigger part of the movie. If they should have had more budget? I think not for two reasons: 1) From time to time we just NEED a vague movie, and 2) If they wanted it to become better, then try to find alternatives. Take Terminator(1) for example, a low budget production, big hit, nice effects. For details concerning this, watch the extras with the T1 DVD.
One of the lesser Cassavetes, this one is kind of hard to figure out, but it's still worth seeing if only for Ben Gazarras performance. Playing one of those characters that you love to hate and don't understand, he excels even more than usual. The plot is fairly straight forward, and doesn't merit retelling here. I found it more of a character study, and what a character! Shot in the usual hap hazard Cassavetes style, this one packs a punch that is hard to take. In fact, it took me two days to get through it, but I'm glad I did.
I toke it from local video rent on DVD and i wasted my money. The first one was better. It wasn't very good, but better than this one. First of all the story was pretty unclear, the characters was flat, the picture was bad. Entire story is focused in one room, school and very small street. The dialog was flat (even worse than a soap opera). Same things i can say about acting to. It wasn't clear enough why those creatures chasing lead character (i forgot her name), why they killed all her past boyfriends, what did it want from her? Questions, questions and questions without answers.
Simply, Harsh Realm is overall a thoughtless show with a potentially good premise. But, it fails harshly in writing because of clichés and weak characters. The reasoning behind the main character is flawed which made m lose interest immediately. Sorry, there are many more traps which Harsh Realm has seemingly stuck its head into that I could go on, and I should go on, but it is so bad I have no energy to even waste my time trying to communicate the details of finger painting with feces. Trust your instinct and never watch or mention this film because it does not deserve any recognition.
I found this a profound and touching film, with echoes of The Butterfly Effect. I did not think it was propaganda, but used a fairly common medical procedure as the jumping off point for the supernatural premise. The topic is one that people need to understand, and hopefully this film will help educate them as well as providing spooky and unsettling entertainment. I thought the actors were professional and very true to life. I especially liked the heroine's boss, with his aura of calm, protection and healing. It was frightening in spots, and I would not let anyone under 14 watch it due to the nightmare potential.
OK. In a nutshell (no spoilers i promise), the main character (Jennifer Jason Leigh) inherits this big old building that has a night club downstairs and living quarters upstairs. As soon as she moves in, strange things start happening. Things move around, crash.. feelings of being watched, etc. This guy, who gibes you the impression that he is some sort of City Official/Detective type, starts showing up trying to calm JJL down as she is scared witless due to the aforementioned abnormalities. Soon enough, she gains the strength to explore this dwelling and finds more rooms and doorways. OK, I gotta stop here. It gets weirder... and KINKY!!!
I highly recommend this film. It's funny , very funny and like the tagline of the film says, YOU WILL L-A-U-G-H!!!! Powell & Loy make a great team, that is why they went on to make 14 films together, they have wonderful screen chemistry. Powell is one of my favorite actors and he's just so good in everything he's in whether it be comedy or drama, but I have to admit I love him in comedies more than anything. Highlight of this film : The "cooing" moments! *pees* Also when Powell dances alone! Check it out! If it doesn't make you laugh you're dead! ;-)
I highly recommend this film. It's funny , very funny and like the tagline of the film says, YOU WILL L-A-U-G-H!!!! Powell & Loy make a great team, that is why they went on to make 14 films together, they have wonderful screen chemistry. Powell is one of my favorite actors and he's just so good in everything he's in whether it be comedy or drama, but I have to admit I love him in comedies more than anything. Highlight of this film : The "cooing" moments! *pees* Also when Powell dances alone! Check it out! If it doesn't make you laugh you're dead! ;-)
I'm not sure why people keep saying that EMERGENCY SQUAD is merely "above average." This one blew me away, and it's probably the great Stelvio Massi's finest work. Not only do Milian and Moschin turn in outstanding performances (and Milian actually LOOKS much different than he usually does in these Italian actioners), but the shot design is fantastic and understated, with FRENCH CONNECTION-inspired hand-held camera stylistics that left my mouth agape. EMERGENCY SQUAD is a violent, cleverly written, expertly acted poliziotteschi that demands to be seen by fans of Italian cop/crime films. If you enjoy this sub-genre, you owe it to yourself to seek this one out.
Here is a film whose quality and appeal, much like Sylvester Stallone's Rocky, may be overshadowed by a seemingly endless line of inferior sequels. But Death Wish is a real crowd-pleaser filled with emotion, drama, action and suspense. It's the story of Paul Kersey, a family man (and former Conscientus Objector in Korea) whose wife and daughter fall victim to a brutal attack at the hands of unknown thugs. Yet Kersey doesn't get mad, he gets even as a one-man judge, jury and executioner against those who prey on the innocent. Bronson delivers an underrated performance in a movie that constantly asks the viewer, "What would you do?"
Another great Donald Sutherland film and a great caper film to boot. Sutherland stars with Sean Connery and Leslie-Anne Down in a bawdy and fun caper to rob a train while moving of a gold shipment of £25,000 heading to pay British soldiers in the Crimean War. A seemingly impossible task that is complicated at the last minute and has some funny twists and turns is a joy to watch. Of course, the real joy is watching Connery and Sutherland as the plan and execute this caper. Great cinematography and Michael Crichton does not disappoint as director of a film based on his own novel.
So who, or what, exactly was the "Man from Tallahasee?" Was it a code for "I've got a man in my closet and I want security to allow him to go destroy the submarine?" :) I mean, seriously. Did I miss something in the episode? He asks for the MFT to be brought to him, but no one is actually brought to him. The only person you see with Ben is Jack (and Juliet). They showed up unannounced. I just don't get it. anyone have an idea? What gives? Damn.. really annoying. I have to have at least 10 lines in my comment.
The General has all the sweet earnestness in the world. It is about trains, frontier America, flower-faced girls. The story is about a Confederate train driver (Buster Keaton) who gets his train and his girl back when they are stolen by Union soldiers. The film is slow-starting, then hilarious action comedy, often voted one of the best films ever made. Its sequences of sight gags, each topping the one before, is an incredible joy to behold. The film, however, was a box-office disaster on its original release. The story is based on an actual incident of the Civil War, treated more seriously in The Great Locomotive Chase.
"Play It Again, Sam" is not an altogether successful film: it gets kind of monotonous midway through, and it has a few dead spots and mediocre jokes along the way. But I still like it very much. A warmly funny, enormously likable film, it contains some absolutely hilarious moments (watch for his first blind date and the scene where he follows - and overdoes - the advice that Bogart's ghost gave him to tell Diane Keaton how beautiful she is). Keaton is really lovely and adds an extra sparkle to the movie. Wacky and emotional at the same time, the film is recommended even to not-very-enthusiastic Allen fans.
If you're ready for a McGyver episode, then this is what you should watch. This movie is terrible from beginning to end. Let's not even mention the cheap "Top Gun" soundalike score in the background... One could expect nice cinematography from John Woo but not even... Samantha Mathis' acting was not credible one bit and God knows what Christian Slater was doing there... Fortunately there are real actors such as Chuck Norris and Jean-Claude Van Damme for this kind of movie. :-) 3 out of 10 (for John Travolta's acting and some (very few) creative typical John Woo action scenes) - but maybe is that too much...
I caught this amateurish effort on late-late-night Showtime when the only alternatives were infomercials. This apparently home-made video rambled on with a barely discernable plot and featured a family of losers who have something to do with a fruit market and an opera singer who looks like a Saturday Night Live parody of an aged Maria Callas. I watched with disbelief as the amateur ensemble of would-be "actors" stumbled through the film as a lesson in bad ad-libbing. Either those on IMBD who claim they liked it are related to the video's producers or rank the Cartoon Channel as great TV. What a waste. Mark Pearlman
Although I came in part way through, the sumptuous sets and photography were immediately captivating. I recognized several cast members as superb actors but was reeled in for the movie's entirety with the appearance of Claire Danes. If I were a high school drama teacher, this would be required viewing for my students because of its historical and theatrical qualities. The psychological intricacies presented in several intense scenes regarding "gender" were vividly heart-wrenching. Since I had no clue as to what I was viewing, I felt compelled to check it out on the Internet for further details. I intend to view it from the beginning ASAP. Highly recommended.
On a weekend hunting trip two firefighters Alex Kerwood and Wayne Higley stumble onto a mysterious burial site.They dig it up and find the skull of an ancient horned creature.Big mistake!Suddenly the unleashed monster starts killing people in a small American town...OK,I'm a pretty tolerant guy when it comes to low-budget indie horror,but "In the Woods" is bad to the bone.The script is lifeless and dull,the suspense is non-existent and the action takes place in the woods for only 10 minutes or so.The DVD proudly claims "Creepier than 'The Blair Witch Project'".Yeah,right!Avoid this piece of cow dung like the plague unless you want to be bored beyond comprehension.
I think that 'Dumplings' takes it all. Well cut from the full length version so that audiences still get the main point. By far, my favorite of the three. Interesting, delightfully sickening, and great performances from all the actors. 'Cut' was a disappointment. Sure, it was gruesome, made one twitch here and there, however, it was pretty much a let down. Attempting to mix comedy and this type of drama was a disaster. 'Box'was very intriguing...until the end is reached. The audience is left thinking, 'All that for THIS?!' But all in all, the good outweighs the bad, and 8 very enthusiastic thumbs up.
Paul Robeson is the star in this Ripping Yarn, with the British keeping the 'picaninnies' under control in Nigeria. A number of pastoral African scenes of the National Geographic variety (if you know what I mean) are included in this story of the conflict between two tribes in the African heartland. Don't believe the undergraduate comments here - this is nowhere near as racist as the B grade American films made in the same era ("The Jazz Singer" for instance, and it's ilk), or TV series of the fifties - the Africans are dead glamorous and brave, and the British characters wooden and two-dimensional.
Bulworth was the most under-rated movie of 1998. Beatty- who I don't usually like-- showed both comic and dramatic flair in this film. I have seen it 3 times and each time I watch it I appreciate the brutal honesty of it all. Except for the romance being unlikely, the rest of the movie is well done- his staff is played to the hilt- including their duplicity when things start working. Beatty should have received a nomination for something- screenplay or best actor. This is a film that shows what hypocrites rich people are the true divisions is rich against the poor not the blacks against the whites.
It is the most patient film I have ever seen! Very deliberate, which makes the viewer have to use his imagination rather than have others tell her how to feel, think, etc. I kept waiting for the dialogue, acting, scenery, whatever, to create my next feeling or thought and then I realized that I was doing so on my own. That was remarkable. The mystery of the hitchhiker and his dog still bewitches me. So many meanings that all seem right. The driver; he is all of us at one time or another. I recommend this short to everyone.
Excellent, beautiful and amusing account of the Crusades. For those who think that the account is a little one sided and harsh on Catholics should consider this. Pope John Paul II himself apologized for the mistakes committed in the name of the Church during the Crusades to Muslim leaders in March of 2000. As a Catholic, i never felt for one moment that Catholisism was being portrayed as "..utterly irrational, bloodthirsty, and a forerunner to Nazism" in the series. To call that suggestion a ridiculous hyperbole would be an understatement. I hope some people here realize that the Church never was or ever will be infallible.
Talented cast, director, screenwriter update good 1920s Hammett short story into full-length film. The expanded story (100X more stolen $$ !) retains the theme that criminals are doomed by the double-cross, and the resourceful detective is a better chess player once the plan goes awry. Jovavich seems as beautifully dangerous as other relatively recent worthy contenders for the "film" fatale pantheon like Fiorentino, J-Lo, Boyle, Russell. Thoughtful plot twists as players strive to gain the upper hand (although intricacies of the embezzlement eluded me). Odd "gang" could have stepped right out of the Maltese Falcon. The filmmakers left their heart, if not their Turk St., in San Francisco.
This is a sloppy mess of a comedy, with barely a plot to speak of, yet it contains some of the funniest bits Mr. Lewis has ever committed to film. It's one helluva lot better than the previous movie, "Hardly Working" which got a big theatrical release. It is the "Test Market Audience Mentality" that kept this excellent movie from getting a big-screen release in the U.S. "Cracking Up" keeps moving--if one gag fails, don't worry because there will be another, funnier one right on top of it. This overlooked gem has no less a fan than Martin Scorsese, who particularly loved the waxy floor opening credits sequence.
From frame one, she is EVIL! I totally cracked up because everyone else is dressed and lit adequately,but in each shot, each frig-gin' shot, Joan is in fantastic gowns, jewels, lit fabulously and with just that HINT of gauze, Vaseline over the lens. Same year as Female on the Beach. Go Joan! She chews through scenery like a wood chipper. However her character, originally from Chicago, is intimidated by a southern family..I don't think so. I realized she is the prototype of characters like Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction". The scene where she dares her husband to divorce her is shark-like.Glamorous from start to finish.And poor Betsy Palmer....
I have always been impressed by the dramatic intensity of Abel Ferrara's films and 'The Funeral' does not fall short of any of them. The true beauty of this film lies in its characters and their emotions and relationships. The plot takes second stage but, honestly, the incredible acting performances will make you feel that a more complicated plot would be absolutely unnecessary. All the important bases of small-time mob life are covered here - God, family, revenge, lies, anger, etc. If you can sit down and watch a movie that chooses atmosphere and character over action, then I highly recommend this movie. You will be blown away.
I saw the Harvard Man in France, so by the time it reaches the U.S., the movie may be completely dismantled and reworked. But I doubt that such repairs could rescue the film from the wreckage I saw. The plot is uninteresting -- not to mention far-fetched -- teaming poorly developed characters against one another in a want-to-be teenage-comedy-thriller-mystery music video. The acting is stilted and achingly forced... which is what we've come to expect from the average Eric Stoltz, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Adrian Grenier. Director James Toback does try to make the movie visually interesting, but its excesses result in overstimulation that is hyperactive and annoying.
As an EMT/Firefighter and an embracer of public safety - of course I'm going to love this movie because it involves my favorite things. A firefighter, a cop, father & son - a little realm of the outer edge with suspense building throughout - how could it not be a hit? This movie kept me on the edge of my seat and requires you to pay attention to the details so you can grasp the concept. Once your in their world, it's an amazing trip that kept me guessing all the way to the end. It is my all time favorite movie! And I recommend it to everyone!
Jason Priestley as box office draw? Get real! If his "career" hadn't already been dead, this "effort" definitely would have killed it. The story here is that of three childhood buddies and their infatuation with Marilyn Monroe, told in flash backs. Nice 1950s & 60s "Americana", complete with golden oldie tunes, fashions, movie clips, cars and other period gimmicks. Other than the "time travel" perks, there's not much to see. A perpetually cigarette-smoking, baby-faced Priestly becomes annoying. The "tough guy" image of his character reminds us of the equally unbelievable Prince in "Purple Rain". This is no "Stand By Me", so be prepared for a disappointment.
This time, Speedy Gonzales isn't fetching cheese, but is rescuing his drunken friends Pablo and Fernando, both in danger of getting eaten by a cat (not Sylvester). Watching "Tabasco Road", I get the feeling that it may be one of the Looney Tunes cartoons that drew criticism: it basically portrays Mexicans as drunks. On that subject, maybe the cartoon was intended as an anti-alcohol warning. Then again, maybe I'm trying too hard to analyze it. As long as we understand that it sort of makes stereotypes about Mexicans - namely with "ceety leemits" - we can enjoy it. And as long as we know to drink responsibly.
Okay, the film gets a 3 even though it's duller than dust because back in 1898, ALL the films were duller than dust--having NOT AN OUNCE OF PLOT--consisting of people doing mundane stuff that thrilled audiences at the time but would hopelessly bore people today because films are so omnipresent. This film, believe it or not, consists of some Scottish-looking guys in kilts jumping about--and it's bad dancing at that! THAT'S IT!!! Just guys in skirts dancing! From a historical standpoint, this is a very important film, but in every other respect, it's pretty pointless. How this could encourage ANYONE to buy their Scotch is beyond me!
I would rate this show a 9 if it wasn't for last season. The family edition three seasons ago and the one after that with the hippies were awesome. I loved every episode of those. But last season I stopped watching after the 4th or 5th episode. I don't remember seeing a show in which I didn't like a single contestant. They either had no personality or were too bitchy. TAR's aim for diversity produced some of the most ridiculous array of contestants that I've seen. We had an equal helping of Muslims, handicapped, Indians, homos, and ho's. I hope they have better characters next season.
One of the many productions dealing with the offshoring of American jobs, but narrated with class and delicacy, with no clichés. There's plenty of culture shock, due to new food, busted infrastructures, and other cultural barriers but with a pace never seen before, in my opinion. It's funny but becomes a romance as well and has one of its best moments when the two leading actors imitate the stereotype of the other, with impressive results. Almost entirely shot in India, Outsourced is a truly tiny movie that ultimately says a lot about troubles crossing cultural divisions. Among many films handling the subject this is one of the best.
this is one of the stupidest movies i've ever seen - so unrealistic. puts a bad name to new-york. just really awful plot. it's about twins Roxy and Jane, one is smart, and the other is a smart-ass. after their mom died, they kind of grew apart. the movie is really bad, not an ounch of realism. they make a city like new-york, who's larger then life, like it's the smallest city with just 10 people. anyway - u don't wanna watch this. i cant wait for this 2 actresses to finally shoot a serious movie, with a serious plot, not childish.
I saw this movie on a Delta Airlines flight the other day. Even with my higher level of tolerance on an airplane, I couldn't even finish this one. There is practically no character development or plot development. The acting is not believable--no kid would scream like that so consistently or behave that way, and no parent would be so whatever about it. Don't waste your time with this. It's sad when a movie fails to entertain even an airplane audience. And unfortunately, the cute little girl didn't save the movie. I can't imagine any realistic ending could have been pulled off after the lame start. Sorry.
No wonder that this picture anticipates Bond by 25 years, it was co written by Jack Whittingham, who was one of the principle architects of the movie version of James Bond. Whittingham shares a credit on the film, and the novel, Thunderball, which was originally intended to be the first James Bond picture. More than a few of the classic Bond tropes are contained in the story--it actually points to Dr No (bringing down planes electronically) and to so many of the Bond stories that have huge battles at the end, with the hero freeing, and/or working alongside troops of one kind or another.
When I first watched this movie, I wasn't sure if I would like it, but as the story unfolded, I grew to love it more and more. This movie features a stellar cast which includes Kate Beckinsale, Sir Ian McKellan, Rufus Sewall, and Dame Eileen Atkins. The dry, witty, and very subtle humor in this film makes it all the more enchanting to watch and to quote. I sincerely recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys thinking about what they are laughing at, and who just loves British film-making, this movie is certainly one of the best! All praise to John Schlesinger for making such a wonderful masterpiece.
Because the original, with Caine as Carter, was so good, I thought that this would be an interesting update. Change the country to the U.S. and Seattle becomes the city "up north." Stallone mumbles his way through the movie. Plot is impossible to follow. No need for the teen-age daughter to have her dark secrets. Evidently the story is supposed to lead us to a Bill Gates type. Not good. Good to see Michael Caine though. I own the original. Would never watch this again. In the original Caine was shot for his troubles. Stallone should be shot for botching up a terrific idea.
This movie is horrible, the dutch film industry should be ashamed for producing crap like this. The acting is horrible, the story is horrible, the jokes are horrible and not even close to funny, every ingredient in this movie is horrible and it's only getting worser throughout the movie. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the IMDb rating! If there was a number below 1.0 I would have voted that, because even a 1.0 rating is very overrated for this 'movie'. Watching this movie is throwing two hours of your life in the trashcan, so don't go see it or be very disappointed.
This movie...where to begin. A heavily mustached Nick Jolley runs around smoking Slim Jims,wearing plaid bell-bottoms, and telling cops how to do their job. Zombies lose their teeth, Dr. Spector has a glued on beard, the "decapitated head" blinks, there's some sort of wormhole at the end of the film taking you to the beginning for a brief moment...one could go on and on. Put bluntly, this movie is one of the most horrid pieces you could ever hope to avoid. But after a while, you kind of start liking it! One might wonder why Nick Jolley wasn't in anything else. This film puts all questions to rest
I've been a fan of the comic series for a number of years, and was delighted to see the treatment given to the X-Men. The film has just the right blend of action and drama to keep you glued to the screen, and the large numbers of students glimpsed in the Mansion are sure to keep folks on the net identifying them for months. Well worth your money even at full price. The only negative comment I would have is that it runs a bit short at circa 90 minutes. Next time let's get a full two hours worth of the Dark Phoenix Saga...!
Sonny Crockett (Don Johnson) is on the trail of finding Colombian drug-lord, Calderone, who killed his partner (Jimmy Smit, who would later get killed on NYPD Blue), when his runs into Rico Tubbs (Philip Thomas) who's out to avenger his brother's death at the same man's hands.Miami Vice affected pretty much every aspect of American culture in the '80's. Sonny was the epitome of cool. And it all started here, in the pilot episode/ TV movie. Perhaps it didn't age well, but I still like watching it every now and then. It can be seen on the Season one DVD set of the show. My Grade: B+
A weekend in the lives of three sisters as Nadia looks for love, Debbie packs son Jack off to her ex's and Molly prepares for the birth of her first child. Meanwhile their mother is being driven to the point of insanity by the neighbours dog and their father is left weary and frustrated. Filmed with a hand-held camera, Wonderland has a very documentary/ fly-on-the-wall feel, against the background of a very recognisable London. Winner of '99s Best New British Film Award in the Birmingham Film & TV Festival, it's essentially a bleak and unsentimental look at disjointed lives in a big city, yet very rewarding
BloodRayne isn't original nor is the most epic game you'll find in the market, however I like the execution of it and it's a fun ride from start to finish. You play Rayne( voiced perfectly by Laura Baily), a vampire on revenge for her family and a secret agent for the government during the World War II era. The game is full of superb game play and of course comes complete with a bullet time option that occurs temporarily. The one liners are funny and the design and scope of the game is dark and moody and gory. Should please those who love the Gothic/action genre.
"Lies" tells about an affair between an 18 year old bucktoothed female student and a scrawny 38 year old married man with the pair of protags spending about half the screen time engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline which seems little more than an excuse for the sex scenes. With very poor production value including obvious sanitary appliances and phony softcore sex to a story which is a messy mix of comedy and drama, "Lies" quickly becomes redundant ad nauseam. With an almost 2 hour run, subtitles, and so little substance, "Lies" is simply not recommendable. (C-)
You have to watch this movie for the pure enjoyment of witnessing Christopher Walken "do his thing"... The special effects are cheesy at times, and the wife and child are two of the worst characters and actors I've ever seen. Honestly, I thought many of the effects worked and the suspense was skillfully crafted, but the hypnosis scenes were where the movie began to go downhill. Still, hearing Walken describe the abduction and even utter the words "rectal probe" was worth the price of admission. Make a night of it by pairing this movie up with "Brainstorm" another classic Christopher Walken performance. 7 out of 10
Sleazy, campy spaghetti sexploitation/horror gem that's a lotta trashy fun. The beautiful Mariangelo Giordano struts her bare box around as does every other woman in this thinly plausible supernatural giallo about a comatose boy whose scientist father has given him telepathy and telekenesis in his altered state of consciousness. The women in this film are mostly gorgeous and great to look at naked. There's also some very campy effects illustrating Patrick's (the telekinetic one) use of his mind's eye, a lame score, and about four really nicely gory deaths of the sleazy variety--including a bitchen power window death and the implausible spit through the snatch scene. Recommended--8/10.
Sherman's March is three hours of footage from a broken man's life. Ross McElwee takes us on a journey to make a documentary on Sherman's March, but ends up showing us a sequence of extensive real life footage from his subsequent crisis in love. The picture feels like a home movie. Experiencing so much of the director's personal life is an unusual experience and takes the motion picture somewhere it doesn't often go. However, the movie is long and I feel it should have been further edited for the public. it is a bit egocentric to expect people to spend so much time watching some random guy's life.
This is one of the best Non-English series I have seen. It weaves interesting single and double episodes of crime-solving together with a personal aspect that you just don't get in CSI. The individual characters all have personal lives that combine well with their day job and occasionally interfere. Additionally the characters all manage to naturally evolve throughout the episodes. The casting is superb and it was taped all over Denmark, giving a good example of the highlights that majestic country has to offer. Unfortunately only 32 episodes were made, however they are top-notch television. Here's hoping they consider making some more episodes of the same caliber.
Considering the success of "Men in Black," Buckaroo should have at least been a moderate hit, in that it is no more or less strange and entertaining than that later sci-fi-alien-invading human cartoon. Buckaroo even has a better storyline (Orson Welles War of the Worlds broadcast of 1939 being genuine). Would Will Smith have made the difference? Perhaps a little more bathroom humor, a huge helping of added gratuitous violence, a female slapping all the men around, some thinly-veiled pejorative references to drug and tobacco companies, considerable sexual depravity and a homosexual hero would have elevated Buckaroo Banzai to the level of a neo-classic, a la Pulp Fiction.
There is nothing worse than this so called reality TV Show, quite frankly I would rather watch the Telletubies. The contestants chosen are normally very annoying, very boring or just think they're God's gift on earth. Having said all this occasionally you get some good contestants, including Jon Tickle, Shiabaz and my all time favourite house mate Eugene. When it first started it was reality, but now people are just coming in being people completely different to what they actually are. There is too much of contestants coming in half way through, contestants coming back, there's too many tasks. Please, Channel 4 don't do another series
Like the Valentine's Day episode of Charlie Brown, the Easter special is a lot of fluff regarding the members of the Peanuts Gang. It's not nearly as good as the Halloween episode (which is seems to mimic) or the Christmas episode. In this episode, the Peanuts are getting ready for Easter, and Snoppy becomes the equivalent of the Easter Bunny. The episode is very mundane with a lot less to offer when compared to some of the previous Charlie Brown films. Not terribly good. I would recommend that you see the Christmas episode or the Halloween one. Only watch this if you really are a fan.
I would rate this show a 9 if it wasn't for last season. The family edition three seasons ago and the one after that with the hippies were awesome. I loved every episode of those. But last season I stopped watching after the 4th or 5th episode. I don't remember seeing a show in which I didn't like a single contestant. They either had no personality or were too bitchy. TAR's aim for diversity produced some of the most ridiculous array of contestants that I've seen. We had an equal helping of Muslims, handicapped, Indians, homos, and ho's. I hope they have better characters next season.
I love this movie, I have seen it over 20 times and I just noticed something. After Christopher McDonald says "Yeah Right, and Grizzley Adams had a beard", after he walks away the screen goes to the green where all the people are and the car that hits Happy Gilmore later is already crashed even though the seen has not happened yet. I cannot believe I never noticed that before, that is hilarious. Anyhow, just wanted to post that, how many others have noticed that? Also, Julie Bowen is one Gorgeous Woman, I'm very envious of Adam Sandler getting to hook up with her!! Richard
I found this movie to be a great introduction to the Indigo Chilren. The key being an introduction, there are many other resources available for more detailed information about the Indigo Children. Filmed on a small budget of donations (approximately $500,000), everyone involved did a wonderful job. Actually going to a movie theater and seeing a movie, (with popcorn for breakfast), that was Spiritually based in theme was a genuine pleasure. I could easily look for "something wrong" about the movie, yet I choose to SEE otherwise. Thats my choice. My guests and I are already looking forward to the next film. We all totally enjoyed the movie.
If you enjoy Japanese horror than this film is highly reccomended. The plot isn't really the hi-lite here, it is the camera work and the atmosphere that is created. With this atmosphere, the story really didn't need to be to strong because the viewer is captivated by its visuals. This film was shot on DV, I bought this movie thinking it was going to be another low-budget horror film, but boy was I wrong. If there is another movie that looks as good as this and was shot on DV, can someone please post a note in the message board. GREAT MOVIE!!!!!!!! A DEFINATE MUST SEE!!!!!!!!!
I liked this movie. OK, so the low budget was apparent and the acting was not great at times, but the story kept me gripped throughout and some scenes really freaked me out, particularly at the beginning of the movie. Sure, its not the scariest movie I've ever seen, but few films freak me out these days and so this movie gets a thumbs up from me. You can really tell that everyone seemed to have a good time making the movie as well as I certainly detected a few tongue-in-cheek moments throughout. Also, bonus points for having a webcam girl as a heroine - woohoo!
It looks more like a series of moments thrown in without any sense of storytelling. What is the killer's relationship with cockroaches ? Who cares, it looks good ! What it this "article" everybody suddenly mentions ? No idea. Even the title is unappropriated, since there is no peculiar paranoid in this movie. When revealed in a lame sequence, the "killer" barely has the built of the murderer we saw before. And the incoherent ending scores ten on the "Huh ?" meter. This is not just bad, it's also a cheat. Rent something else unless you are in the mood for a real bad movie !
A story of messed up real life people trying to find a happy hollywood ending, almost real life for a change. Nicholson is fantastic getting all the quick witted replies and comments that he deserves, and Hunt provides a fantastic lead opposite him and the pair blend beautifully together in their scenes. Gooding and Kinnear provide strong support, but it's Kinnear who outshines Gooding, why haven't we seen him in more prominent roles before? The film can get a bit sappy in places, but it always brings it back to reality with a bang. Definately a go see, for all those Victor Meldrew types.
This is a very boring 50s B-zombie movie about an ex-Nazi scientist, secretly in America, experimenting with atomic energy on humans. Using recently deceased cadavers stolen from the morgue, he uses radioactivity to bring them back to life and control their movements in order to seek out revenge on enemies. The police and eventually the government are on the case, picking up traces of radio-active chemicals left behind by the zombified killers. CREATURE WITH THE ATOM BRAIN is basically nothing new and is very dull and ridiculous throughout. The zombies got the stitches across the forehead, which is very B-movie-like and dumb looking. Laughable, but otherwise don't bother...
There should be more British horror's like this. Before I continue, anybody who wants to watch this Movie, has not yet seen it, DO NOT pay attention to the bad comments. This film is a low budget horror and once again Britain manages to create something amazing. From the start the best actors are Alec Newman and Joe Absolom, this is what British films are about, good actors, low money made into something decent. This film is entertaining with slight comedy at times with dark scenes. 100% British in this film, there need to be more Anyone who has not seen it and wants to, DO!!!
This film has got to be one of the worst sequels ever produced. The plot line was poor, confusing and the ending was really unclear. Characters who were in it just disappeared without any fuss. No where near as good as number one. This sequel goes down in flop history with: Grease 2 & Dirty Dancing 2 Classics having their names ruined with producers who make one film to many! I just wondering if any of the people who have written reviews have actually seen the film?? Total waste of money. I wouldn't recommend it at all!!!
Boy meets girl. There are a mountain of movies that attempt to tell a love story and disappoint and fall flat. JASON'S LYRIC is... unforgettable -- a love movie to enjoy many times. The greatest strength to this love story is the same as the key strength in the world-wide hit LONG VACATION tv series exported from Japan: as the story unfolds the viewer deeply and personally cares about the boy and the girl. The characters become real and we feel as they feel. Intense. Unforgettable. Highly recommended, but keep in mind that there is grit, drugs and depictions of violence in this movie.
Honestly, this show has some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I hate every character (except Jack, but he can be really annoying at times.) The plots are so ridiculous and drawn out it almost gets so extreme that you want to throw up. Not to mention it's boring as hell. Wait, wait, there's maybe two or three action scenes in an entire season, in a show that is labeled "action." Seriously, there is no action, horrible stories, and absolutely ridiculous acting. If you want to watch something good and original, watch LOST. Now that is a quality show. L O S T Owns!
I am well and truly amazed at this game, still. It's been twelve years almost, and I've played this game from time to time since before adolescence. Most other games I used to play then seem weak and childish (well, duh) when looked at now. I can only enjoy this game more as I come to fully understand the regular jokes and learn the in-jokes. This was the beginning of Monkey Island. The beginning of insult swordfighting, of Guybrush and LeChuck. And while it wouldn't be fair to say they've gone downhill since (I love CMI, especially), this has to be the best of the Monkey Island games.
This film is likely the best view in the world of early television. Though most of the audience didn't know it at the time, the large part of TV performers were second-rate, washed-up, or suffered with substance abuse. Surprisingly, many of them had great success in this new format. The cast all fit the time period excellently. Peter O'Toole is perfectly cast as the aging drunkard who wishes for his former glory and Mark Linn-Baker is good as the ambitious young writer. The whole film is brimming with energy and cleverness, more than it's share, but kept together by director Richard Benjamin. 7.1 out of 10
This is one of the most touchingly accurate portrayal of lesbian life and loves I've seen yet. While it only scratches the surface of the many life experiences we face in our lives as lesbians, it is a real eye-opener for people who imagine us to be as outlandish and stereotypical as the media would sometimes portray us. Touching on three different age groups helps to broaden the range of people to whom this film speaks. Almost any woman who watches this film can see herself, either as she was, as she is, or as she might be in the future. An incredible picture! "I laughed, I cried."
"Ghosthouse" is about a group of obnoxious teenagers trapped in a haunted house where terrible crime took place years ago.A ghostly little girl in white and her creepy clown doll are causing all the terror.A radio operator and his girlfriend trace the source of a weird,scary signal that keeps interrupting his radio.They trace it to an old,abandoned house where they meet a group of teenagers staying in it.The script is half-assed and the acting sucks,but "Ghosthouse" provides plenty of good bloody fun.The evil doll clown looks creepy and the nursery theme is haunting.If you are into late 80's Italian horror give this one a chance.7 out of 10.
I always loved Conan! He is so different from Leno, Fergunson, Kimmel, Fallon, Letterman,... He is absolutely and extremely funny! He cracks me up every time. I love his monologue, his comical bits and his interviews. Max Weinberg and his "gang" are better than ever. And I really like Andy Richter. Some of the new bits are not that effective like the Twitter Tracker or the TMZ Zoo. The Paris Hilton appearance was not funny or enjoyable. A dark moment, indeed. Overall, it's still good old Conan! He is fitting just fine. The crazy hair is back so... be cool my babies! 10/10 (Or is it?)
Wonderful actress and fantastic screenwriter! Telling a story on several levels, one for everyone- the kids, the parents, the nanny's- the audience. I loved it, especially the casting through out- serious tragic actors playing funeral home sidekicks, delightful Colin Firth-as the frazzled Dad..and the kids were perfect! A very refreshing and entertaining change of pace from murder and mayhem, prevalent on the screens lately. A nice dose of magic is what going to the movies should be about. Now I can't wait for it to come out on DVD and see it again-On reflection I realized that Nanny Mcphee had lessons for the Dad, Evangeline and other characters,too!
I must say I was surprised at how many people seemed to really dislike this film. Albeit it wasn't terribly original nor unpredictable and certain elements (chiefly the love subplot) felt unnecessary, overall the movie kept me laughing from start to finish. Even now, recalling the mobsters 'flying' through the air when being shot in the beginning brings a smile to my lips. The friend with whom I watched the movie enjoyed it and neither of us felt we had wasted three dollars on the rental fee. I would have liked to have seen some deleted scenes or outtakes on the DVD but it was enjoyable nonetheless.
"Tropical Malady" from the Thai director Apichatpong Weerasethakul, Jury Prize in the last Cannes Film Festival, is a movie that really consume the inside, like a terminal disease. Every senses of your body will be over-excited, there is a TERRIFIC use of sound effects, that will render the tropical forest a living entity, intelligent, thinking, speaking. The contrast between the horrors and anguishes of modern time and the most charming folk legends , that awaken the most genuine human side from the bottom of our hearts is something quite unique and unforgettable. It's hard to tell about the story without spoil it. Watch it, no matter what.
Don't waste your money or your time on this movie. What a terrible waste of two hours that I will never get back. This was the worst movie I have ever seen. Who is this stupid director and how the hell did it ever get made with such a bevy of great actresses. The amount of clichés and male bravado made me want to puke. It was sloppy, too long, no chemistry between the 2 lovers, I can go on and on. Do yourself a favor, avoid this stinker. The movie came off quite arrogant, almost like a amateur director/writer showing off. Just pathetic.
Some extra-dark version of Samuel L. Jackson spends over an hour berating an investigator with severe cystic acne scarring. Annoying full-length shots of women being overpowered and strangled without any real sexual violation, even though the killer(s?) are supposed to be sexually driven. At some random point, some Tim Gunn-type man takes over investigation, advised by his distracting bowties. Flashbacks to the most lame murders of the movie. Boston has an ugly skyline and contributes nothing to the film. Accents change as drama escalates. Random clichés such as "innocent until proved guilty" randomly uttered by cast. Acting on par with that of my first play in elementary school.
This is the story of a woman of great courage and compassion. The acting was excellent. I, however, felt clubbed to death by every anti-Jewish cliche known. I lived in the mid-west during the time of this movie's setting and had several Jewish friends. I rarely ever saw the unkind responses shown in this movie. In fact the only times that I ever heard negative comments about Jews were in a few adults who were prejudiced about equally between all the groups different than their own. In this regard, the movie is little different than many "black" movies that go to extremes to show victimizing of their class.
Improbably dialogue, hammy acting, and a "twist" in the storyline which is neither clever nor original. Actually it just doesn't make any sense. What a waste of two hours. The reviews here in the UK were quite favourable, which makes me think that there was an exchange of brown envelopes off-screen as well as on-screen. Oh, and the subtitles were some of the worst I've seen, particularly in all the business-related discussions (Eigenkapital equity translated as "Personal Capital", Abschreibungen as "Deductions" etc.). Seeing as the whole plot revolves around these bits, you'd have thought they'd get someone to proof-read it who is familiar with these sort of terms.
I am not a Rugrats fan, I don't appreciated bathroom humor. The 6 year old I took to see the movie is subjected to advertising and of course is young enough that bathroom humor works. The story line is okay it might even have been a good movie but the constant jokes about smelly diapers and feet detracted from the story. The Thornberries helped some but the teenager in their cast is a little to Beverly Hills. Spike did little to add to the program whether he talked or not. If you have 6-12 year olds they will laugh, otherwise forget it. Some of the music was catchy.
What a disappointment! Compared with SAFETY LAST or the witty and charming GIRL SHY, this is a retreat to the crude slapstick of the one-reelers. The last episode of GIRL SHY was so good it was copied decades later in the GRADUATE, but there is nothing worth copying here. The old gag about hiding behind the body of a horse is recycled, and the washing up routines are lifted from Keaton's THE NAVIGATOR. Neither are there any magic moments here such as the Shakespearean bust of Lloyd in GIRL SHY. Most reviewers give this 4 stars - just goes to show they don't know their job.
With all due respect for Mr. Leary's capabilities as a comedian, this movie illustrates quite vividly that he is not an actor Hollywood has too much respect for. This movie is really, really stupid, and even Leary himself has admitted to being embarrassed about it. Bullock is on autopilot and all other characters are blatantly uninteresting. Only worth 3 points due to Leary's fishing-scene, that allows him to do what he is best at, comedy, and a rare performance by Yaphet Kotto. If you have no idea who Leary or Kotto is and thought "since Bullock is in it, it must be OK", you would be TERRIBLY wrong!!!
I'll admit I didn't actually watch this movie from the beginning, I only caught the end. However, in that time, myself and my friend definitely noted at least 5 instances where this "film" could have shifted into one of those 1 am shows on Cinemax. Honestly the transition would have been seamless. Starting from the scene in the prison to the end of the movie with the delivery boy, sexual innuendo abounded. Add to that the cheesy dialogue, mediocre special effects, and paper-thin plot and you have the makings of a fairly good skin flick. Seriously all that was missing was some steamy scenes and a pizza guy.
There is not much to say about this film other than that it is the worst film Scott has ever made. The tag line 'Somebody told them to get a life...so they did' is somewhat misleading unless the definition of life is murder and eventual suicide. What is this film trying to prove? That women can also capable leading violent lives? If this is liberation then women should be weary. Had the Geena Davis character left her abusive husband, forged out a new independent life for herself and found happiness, now that would have been inspirational. But alas, all we get is another road movie glamorizing violence. Yawn.
Easily the worst movie I have ever in my lifetime seen. The titled intrigued me and the story line could have been good but there was absolutely no character development, among other things. A fourteen year old fag-hag could write a better script than that. Absolutely the worst screen writing I have ever in my life encountered. The actors were decent and probably would have been great if the screenplay was no so poor. I was very disappointed in this. Congratulations though to the actor playing Ian. I see a lot of good potential in him, I just hope he finds some better movies to star in.
Mr.Pegg and Mr. Moran musta had some bills to pay.This is the worst kind of predictable"feel good" tripe imaginable.Immature boy gets girl,immature boy loses girl to rich successful mature boy and then proceeds to mature to win back girl.Also this film tries to have it both ways,there are plenty anti-American digs lobbed about whilst the film repeatedly has tons of product placement shots for Nike.Gotta laugh at that.Not a complete waste but most of the gags are flat and "been there before" kinda stuff.Shame Mr. Pegg seems to be rotating to this kinda tripe,it would make a "nice" double bill with the almost equally as awful "Hot Fuzz"
I don't have enough words to say how terrible and how boring this slasher movie is. The movie try to get back to Christmas horror that have been made before with more taste, like Black Christmas. A sorority house where girls that looks more like thirty years old prostitutes than college coeds have organized a party for Christmas is invaded by a crazy killer masked like Santa Claus. After the worst series of murders in a slasher movie and after dialogues and love scenes that are really bad, the movie ends with a "surprise" ending that is too silly to be credible. Avoid like the plague
I've watched several episodes of Jeff Ltd., because it can take time for a new series to find its rhythm. Honestly, though, this show started out bad and just got worse. On the plus side, the look of the show is very slick and professional, but that's not necessarily an asset to comedy anyway. But overall, the characters are dull, passionless, and the tone is too cool and cynical to let any of its lowbrow humour work. It's very hard to imagine a group of TV professionals sitting in a room watching this show and saying, yep, that's funny, that works. Because it really, really doesn't.
Mechanical translation from book to celluloid. No heart, no passion. An attempt to quickly earn as much money based on the popularity of the (audio)book. Wrong persons casted for the medieval roles. Love story of 2 scenes and 2 minutes. Friendship in 3 scenes and 3 minutes. Nevertheless - when the endless dragging thru the woods is finished - some beautiful castle pictures. Dark knights with white shields, grey knights with red shields: a film can do better than that. Director and producer should be a bit ashamed to have this film on his record. See "Kruistocht in spijkerbroek" for a much better NL book to film exercise.
Young lovers Michael (Owen Szabo) and Julia (Elizabeth Kell) decide to take a weekend off at a remote lodge, run by the eccentric Henry (Kevin McClatchy). They think it'll be the perfect weekend, until things start to go wrong. Soon they discover that Henry isn't who he says he is, and they find themselves in a struggle to survive. Basically "The Lodge" is just another run-of-the-mill horror flick where you have 1) a desolate location; 2) some good looking young adults; 3) a sub-par story; 4) even more sub-par acting, and 5) the feeling that you don't particularly care who survives. It's easily forgettable, and instantly regrettable.
If you want to see how bad Italian science fiction can be see this film. Made in the wake of Star wars this piece of wasted celluloid is just about as bad as you can be. Worse its not even fun. The plot, for those who care, have aliens kidnapping genetic scientists from earth to help them prevent their race from dying out. Its nothing you haven't seen before better. This is a turkey, from the hair to the wardrobe to the special effects. I'm pretty sure the acting is the pits too, but I can't be sure since the dubbing is so bad. Avoid
First of all, Petek Dinçöz is not actress. She is not singer neither. So, why she plays in this movie? Actually the answer is money. If Dinçöz play in this movie and introduce parts of her body to us and for "art",our wise people will not watch the movie. Yes, they are watching Dinçöz, directors and producers are happy, we, poor cine-maniacs, are sad and mostly angry... Anyway, lets look bright side, nope, there is not bright side, actually, there is no side neither only bad side, no bad is not right word this film is sucks... One more think Plese Mr. Erbil, don't act, please
This disaster flick gets an A for effort; but falls real short in the entertainment category. Some of the avalanche scenes, that weren't repeated, were impressive. The acting left a lot to be desired. Two brothers Thom(Adam Croasdell)and Jock(Andrew Lee Potts)Cussler try making a living taking tourist on adventurous snowmobile rides up and down the slopes in the Ural Mountains of Russia. An avalanche covers a small village causing Thom to risk his life in saving buried townsfolk including his brother. Air and time are running out as this lumbering snowbound drama finally ends. Also in the cast: Jessica Kate Brooks, Kate Henry, Plamen Manassiev and Nikolai Dodav.
This is the worst movie I ever remember seeing, and I've seen some pretty bad ones in my time... believe me. The acting isn't just bad, it's abysmal. Ludicrous. It's like the makers tried to make this film so it would be as awful and boring and silly as humanly possible. Caulkin's "Rich" isn't great, but it's a heckuva lot better than this drek. The people who made this ought to be banned from the film industry. The only reason this could have been made was for money: don't let it steal yours! Avoid this movie like a disease! Why? Because it sucks like a black hole.
Brilliantly directed, superb camerawork, great script! Whoever owned the multi-story carpark used in the amazing climax must be thrilled to have given their permission for it to be rammed by a car! I've heard on the grapevine that this film was made on a very low budget - surely a sign that the director and his company "Troubled Children Films" are capable of so much more! I happened to stumble across the film-maker's website, and hope to see more of their back-catalogue - The silent snooker film in particular seems just as well-scripted as this masterpiece! I stand by my fellow impartial reviewers and say "Well done! 10/10!!!!"
This looks decidedly like "the amateur" hour. How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong. Why Lance Henriksen accepted this will remain one of the great mysteries of cinema. Maybe he was in dire need for money or maybe be was under the influence of some illegal drug. It is pointless trying to explain you what this movie's about. It deals with the big foot legend but done in the worst possible manner. In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release. Avoid at ALL costs! 0* out of 10*
In 1995 Sean Patrick Flanery was 30 years old; too old for the part. A albino adolescent genius who would make Einstein and Hawking look like preschoolers is treated like a parolee. What kind of school counselor would send such a person on a camping trip with teenage hoodlums under the supervision of a gun-fetish, stump-jumping deputy. Telepathy and telekinesis take a back seat to the antics of redneck cops. Anyone, anywhere with this kind of power would have come to the attention of someone vastly more important than a "grey flannel suit" department of education bureaucrat. In the real world Powder would be kept at Area 51.
That about says it all. This is one LOOOOONNNNGGGGGG and indulgent western, proof yet again that actors or singer/songwriters need to go to film school before spending someone elses millions. I won't go into the plot, such as it is. The acting is all over the maps, the camera work is average, the music just okay. I guess I expected more from this film, at least a great score, but it wasn't there. Worst of all, it squanders a lot of talent in a big sleepy tale that should've been half as long as it was. This falls into the "what were they all thinking?" category. Skip it.
I can't for my life understand what's so appealing about this show and how on earth it has such a high rating. This is a type example of a show which just have gone on and on, years after it should have been canceled. The plots are utterly ridiculous including possessions by Satan, evil twins and mind control through chips operated into peoples brains. This is what happens when the writers run out of ideas and take to bizarre stories just to keep the show running. Unless you're a fan of bad acting and ridiculous plots you should stay as far away from DOOL as possible.
Stephen Baldwin, futuristic convict (but he's actually an excessively good guy) gets abandoned on a desolate planet by the futuristic prison people. . . .meets beautiful woman (Lisa Bonet) with cute child in tow. . .desert pirates who repeat cliché bad-guy talk and do cliché bad-guy things, etc., etc. Sorry I couldn't finish this one to give more info(gave it about 45 minutes) due to the boringness. I gave this movie three stars just because the actors make a concerted effort but even they can't save it. Formulaic, predictable (oh so predictable!), recycled story and dialog, etc. Bad movie. . . . .bad, bad, BAD movie!
Another formulaic and soppy dino-quest with absolutely awful songs. The insistent preaching of the series is thankfully toned down, with the emphasis on a slightly more exciting adventure that recycles the perils of the previous films, like falling rocks and sheer drops. A villainous crocodile and bird add a mildly dark tone, to not much effect. It's all slightly something or mildly something; without the sophistication and layers that make, say, Pixar's films so engaging for all ages, this is strictly kids' stuff, and curiously old-fashioned to boot. I suppose an hour of pleasant entertainment won't do them any harm, but make sure they clean their teeth afterwards.
Bad! It's like the whole show is made for young kids or older people(50 and up)who doesn't know what good acting, good directing and a good script are. The only reason that this show is still being aired is because half of Norways population is youngsters and oldies, who does not understand English or manage to read the subtitles fast enough, and there's no other shows to watch in Norwegian(Okey, you have the sucky sitcoms). There are some good actors/actresses(not good, but they suck less) and they are the only reason why i gave this 2 out of 10! Definitely not worth checking out!
Tim Curry is right up amongst the top brilliant actors, and I've always admired the acting of Daryl Hannah and Ray Walston as well. But their skills are completely hidden in this movie. They were all hopelessly miscast, and misdirected, with a childish script. A complete disaster all round. Gone is the clever, witty, black humour. Gone are the cleverly portrayed demented characters. Gone is the magic of the Addams superb support, understanding and love for each other. Watch the TV series over and over. See the first two Addams Family movies too, relishing every moment. And avoid this awful movie like the plague.
Considering the all-star cast and the fairly large budget (this is no indie film), there's no reason why this film should be as bad as it was. Ian McCellan gives a stellar performance, but otherwise this film is rendered almost unwatchable because of the performances of Aaron Eckhardt and Britney Murphy, and most of all, because of the insufferable/clichéd writing, which makes every effort to pull at our heartstrings. Don't let the allure of the cast (in addition to McKellan, Eckhardt, and Murphy, it also features William Hurt, Nick Nolte, Alan Cumming, Jessica Lang, and more) draw you in -- stay away from Neverwas!
What a drag! I must admit at first that there were some funny moments in the film -- most notably a coffee-guzzling Bill Murray, but it wasn't enough to save it. There were several shorts that revolved around (you guessed it) coffee and cigarettes, with rather awkward encounters between cafe dwellers. Most of the dialoge was unremarkable pretension that just wasn't funny, or interesting. Some performances were good (Cate Blanchett, Bill Murray, and Tom Waits) and others atrocious (Jack & Meg White). A great idea -- poorly executed. Don't waste your time with this -- go grab a cup of coffee with a stranger.
The film looks at the impact of guns and their violence in 3 settings- through the impact on the mother (Marcia Gay Harden) and brother of a Columbine High type shooter in Oregon, a frustrated school principal (Forrest Whittaker) in inner city Chicago, and in a gun store in Charlottesville Virginia with grandfather-owner (Donald Sutherland) and his granddaughter (Linda Cardinelli from ER). This movie is slow, dull, flat and disorganized. It makes no coherent points. Don't waste an hour and a half with it. The first effort for this director is a waste of everyone's time. The 2002 version with James Coburn is infinitely more lively and interesting.
Having seen the first 2 episodes of kingdom hospital, i must say that i am already really disappointed. At first it seems like a remake of Lars Von triers "Riget" but stray of from the original, which is a lot better and much more scary. I agree with PenGuhWin, the story works when it follows the original, but completely falls apart when they try to change it. It could have worked but it just doesn't. 2 seasons of Riget was made and a third was planned, but it was canceled because some of the actors died. By the whats up with that anteater thing.?
Plenty of T & A, shower scenes, and full breasts straining against flimsy cotton blouses in this beyond-belief exploitation film. Four gorgeous American babes are wrongly jailed in a Turkish prison, where they face the expected sexual threats from cruel jailers, lesbo-inmates, and the inevitable warden-rapist. Perhaps the best reason to see this film is for the wardrobe: all four of the curvaceous cuties wiggle around the prison in Daisy Mae Dogpatch-style butt-twitcher cutoffs and oh-so-tight, braless tops. If you really have 90 minutes with nothing else to do, you might watch this Israeli curiosity; be warned, however, that the reason for its existence will mystify you.
and that's saying something! Story about some obnoxious teenager (John Stockwell) who finds a little "box" from a flying saucer that creates time/space distortions...or something. Bad beyond belief dialogue, a virtually incomprehensible plot (I assume that's from pre-release cutting...the film is barely 90 minutes), and lazy acting. Some of the special effects are cool (for 1985). I saw it primarily because of John Stockwell. A very handsome man, he was very good in other 80s flicks ("Losin' It", "Top Gun" and especially "Christine") but he's lousy in this. He looks depressed and like he doesn't care. Fisher's wisecracks are a blessing. A total waste of time. ALMOST bad/good.
Sad to day -what was once a great idea has become painful. This should never have hit theaters - a DVD only release would be pushing it. Strained, forced, uninteresting and poorly conceived. Tim Allen created a great character in the first film - the 2nd was pushing it - this 3rd outing was simply vengeful. The idea was bad; its execution is worse - to subject movie audiences to this type of tripe should be illegal, if not unconstitutional. (Oops! wait - it is... cruel and unusual punishment....) The best use for the DVD release of this? Christmas ornaments for your tree next year...
There were a few interesting aspects, especially for the film's era. The scope was pretty (overly?) large - even if a lot happens off-stage. However, there were some pretty horrible bits of acting as well. PLENTY of material for the MST3K guys. For a while I kept thinking it was FAIL-SAFE but done as a subplot on the Love Boat. I especially love the 8 women to 600 men left in the polar research station who get RIGHT to the obvious point. As morally distasteful as it is ladies, we have a planet to repopulate and lots of men with needs... Short straw gets George Kennedy.
Avoid this movie like the plague! This stinks so bad it's like the worst thing ever put on film. It ranks "up" there with an Ed Wood flick. However there is something that may make you watch it - it "stars" Keanu Reeves! Holy maceral! I wondered if there was another actor similar to Jack Nicholson who was completely untalented at the start of their career and later developed into a star... it's Keanu Reeves. (But his performance in "Bill and Ted's Adventures" was cool.) Burn the master... they don't allow negative scores on IMDb.com... 1/10 -Zafoid PS: Some real good music. -Z
Silly, impressionable young teens will probably go for this idiotic time waster but all others should be offended. I found all those schoolboys to be irritating beyond belief and Ryder to be sluggish and phony. How convenient for the young lads to have totally empty hallways in a house full of rambunctious boys as they brought in the limp body of a woman and placed her in their room. How lucky for them that they drug her all over the place for hours without anyone but their closest buddies finding out their secret. Calmest dorm I've ever witnessed. -100 stars; a world full of thumbs all pointing down.
Killer Shrews is bad, the script is bad, the acting is bad and the production values are very bad. The "killer shrews" are dogs. The dogs are wearing collars with what looked liked seaweed attached. The shews alone make it worth watching. Add to that all the other "Z" movie elements, and you have a classic turkey. While is does not sink to the subterranean levels of Plan 9 or Robot Monsters, it is still a must see for all loyal turkey fans. Try to catch it at a turkey film fest near you. Those shrews really do deserve to be seen on a full sized theater screen.
Here's an excellent example on how a good true-life story can be totally lost by an eager-to-make-money producer. The lead actor portraying Andrew Cunanan is possibly the worst actor I have seen in a legitimate movie production. The plot gets lost and the story has no point what so ever. I got it on VHS and now its the prank gift on birthdays. Nobody who gets it wants to keep it. It has now been handed over seven times and only one of the owners (bar me) took enough interest to watch it to the end. Never spend the time on this movie it SUCKS!! BIIIIG TIME!!
After just watching a few minutes of this movie.. they did the usual non indians playing Navajo people. Portraying the Navajo Police as blue jean wearing police force is not correct. This was not researched or set in the proper place. Yuma, where the Las Vegas cop was to be met is over 6 hours from Window Rock, AZ. Window Rock AZ is in the Northwestern part of the state... The Navajo Police wear badges not name tags. I have taken this back to Hastings and demanded refund of the rental fee of fifty two cents. Would have been nice if they filmed NEAR THE REZ.
I actually suffered through 10 minutes of this thinking that it might get better.... Please do yourself a favor, and don't bother watching this. Unless you enjoy intolerably bad movies, your time is better spent anywhere else. And I do mean ANYWHERE. It is hard to believe that any of these actors who participated in this movie did not get banned from the business permanently. It certainly is a black mark on their careers in my opinion. So, what was wrong with this movie? Poor Acting. Bad Jokes. Bad Plot. What is good about this movie? You don't have to watch it.
Once again, the history of cracking the Enigma's code is falsified. Not so long ago we had "U-591" and now there's this movie. Let's then make this thing clear once and for all: the people responsible for cracking the Enigma's code were the group of Polish mathematicians, among them M. Rejewski, J. Rozycki and H. Zygalski. They made a replica of Enigma in 1933 and in August, 1939, Poland presented France and Great Britain with cracked Enigma specimens, which helped the allies to know the orders and plans of Third Reich. Too bad that the nations who had received such an important gift forgot about it so easily.
I'm not familiar with Mr. Franco's work and I'm sure he has more interesting films than this one. Luciana Paluzzi is barely in it. Rosalba Neri is sensuous as always. Elisa Montes, a real beauty, gives the best performance. Maria Rohm resembles Chery Ladd (TV's Charlie's Angels). Mercedes McCambridges is a tough commandant. Maria Schell is compassionate and kind as her replacement with Herbert Lom playing the sleazy lecher Governor. Rating: 4/10. The ending was very ambiguous with a terrible song that also opens the film. Some interesting jungle shots and the babe factor pushes this one along with little result, but I'm glad I saw it.
I saw 'Wounded' ages ago with a few friends! We mainly watched for Machen Amick, who was the lead character. Although the film is low budget and considered B-grade, it had some nice cinematography, but unfortunately the film itself was beyond boredom. From what I remember, the cast did an okay job with Machen Amick, Adrian Pasdar and Graham Greene in their roles- but were nothing special. The characters themselves were dull and stupid, and it was the story however that dragged ever so slowly and became mind-numbingly daft. In fact, we were just waiting for the climax- which was pretty lame and anti-climatic. *1/2 out of *****!
I only rented this because i loved the first movie. However, calling it John Carpenters Vampires: Los Muertos is just a con trick to get you to rent it. He is in fact executive producer and clearly had nothing to do with the making of this film (Jeepers Creepers Anyone?) A tragic storyline, terrible special effects and Jon Bon Jovi as the least convincing Vampire Hunter of all time. It's not even comically bad. What we end up with is a dull, uninvolving film with a terrible script and indefinsibly bad and clichéd acting. It just reeks of low budget. Avoid like the Bubonic plague.
If you want to see a movie about things that will happen when you stop taking your medication, then this is a movie to see. I guess if you think way into things, it is a creepy movie, but just watching it, its not that bad. I saw it at the NuArt in LA and I really could have waited. The cinematography was interesting, and the camera was really shaky at times. However, due to the fact that it was filmed in 8 days, I do give them props. One more thing, the movie tends to drop focus points...and has minimal dialogue.
This is the most overrated B movie in history. It's "interpretation" to some of the most beautiful music ever made is revolting. "Cute" centaurs and Pegasuses for the Pastoral? Stravinsky for a children's history of evolution? "Abstract art" for Bach's Toccata? Tchaikovsky for dancing mushrooms? If you like classical music (I do) run away from this pretentious garbage. The movie is so bad that it only gets interesting when the music is as bad as it: Ponchieli, Dukas, Mussorgsky, etc. The joke works because the "homage" stresses the banality of the composition. Not recommended for children (too boring, go watch Pixar's stuff) neither for intelligent adults.
During some sort of witchcraft party, a group of young adults all decide to have a séance. They summon the witch using a chant they found in some book, but it seems like nothing happens. But something did happen. The main character is possessed by the witch and goes on a murderous killing spree! Of course, since this was a low-budget film made in the early seventies, all the lines are incredibly cheesy and bad. Lines like "I like girls dumb, but you're pushing it!" and stupid things of that nature are said. I saw this movie because the guy that played Harry was my drama teacher.
I saw this movie at the Daytona Beach Film Festival and I must say it was not a pleasant experience due to the quality of the projection and sound system. Nonetheless, the film needed quite a bit more work on its editing and script writing. I understand the Producers and Director had a very limited budget, but more effort could have been put into bringing this film to a conclusion. The ending seemed way overacted and not very suspenseful. Except for W. Morgan Sheppard, the acting was not much better either. Keep trying Mr. Clemente. You can use this film as a base towards improving on your next.
Someone hired a few names from the Italian horror field and thought that was enough for a passable thriller. Boy, were THEY wrong. Ricci screwed this up in every way imaginable. The effects looked like the were made by kindergarten kids using finger paints. And the tension was non-existent. The camera work was laughable. Hiding behind furniture does not make a scene suddenly scary. The idea itself was the only redeeming quality. And I usually like to see David Warbeck or Janet Agren. But the must have needed the money badly to include themselves in this piece of tripe. Blow this one off.
Hell, it ain't even your father's. Or your older brother's. Or even yours! The team chosen was a composite of second-string characters (minus the Flash) and missing the big 3; Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman. Of course, anyone who reads the comics will also notice that the League's origin is completely different. Of course, changes had to be made to adapt it to TV, the budget and make it accessible to new viewers. But, this wasn't anything special. Basically, the movie is your typical 90s superhero TV fare with a predictable plot, cheesy costumes and only halfway decent acting. Basically, it was a buddy movie with powers.
I've watched several episodes of Jeff Ltd., because it can take time for a new series to find its rhythm. Honestly, though, this show started out bad and just got worse. On the plus side, the look of the show is very slick and professional, but that's not necessarily an asset to comedy anyway. But overall, the characters are dull, passionless, and the tone is too cool and cynical to let any of its lowbrow humour work. It's very hard to imagine a group of TV professionals sitting in a room watching this show and saying, yep, that's funny, that works. Because it really, really doesn't.
This film, though technically good (lots of pretty and well choreographed scenes, beautiful women, and pretty good acting)is disturbing, and some people should probably avoid it. People who are overly sensitive to the horrors of Nazi brutality will probably find the film very offensive. That the main character is a savant oblivious to the dark side of the Third Reich does little to redeem the comedic value of the story. Also, nearly all of the women in the film are either prostitutes, Nazis or both. That was a problem for me. That said, the film makes some interesting and humorous comments about wealth and the value of money.
Moody, strange and very dark. Mort Shade(Kevin Howarth)and John Dark(Luke Goss)are a pair of police detectives working with the vice squad in a notoriously rough neighborhood near the docks. When Mort is killed in an altercation in a refrigerated warehouse, Detective Dark leaves the scene to get help...only to return and find his partner alive and well. Soon some of the hardest to touch criminals Shade and Dark have been tracking turn up deader than dead. Dark discovers that his parter has been possessed by a bloodthirsty evil entity that is responsible for the savage killings. Other cast members: Carly Turnbull, Carrie Clarke, Matt Lucas and Jake Curran.
1st watched 12/17/2004 - 4 out of 10(Dir-David Butler): Cute but minimalistic fare from the Olsen Twins of her generation, Shirley Temple. The best parts of this movie are the dance routines with the black slave butler-like character and Miss future Temple-Black. We really don't get enough of these and the story itself, set in post-Civil war times in the south is pretty flimsy and setup just so "the cute one" can save the day with her charm. She is definitely charming, but it doesn't carry this particular movie unless maybe for the younger girls of this generation who also like the similar plot-less "Olsen twin" type movies.
This game was supposed to be all great. Well, being a hardcore gamer, I must say differently. This games graphics were nothing special, they were very cartoony. The plot is terrible, no real story to this game. Weapons suck massively. There is some intense gameplay, but nothing at all in this game is anything special. Halo 1 was a better game, I give it a 7/10. I also compare this game with Half-Life 2, which is a great game. Halo 2 Half-Life 2 Graphics: Poor Amazing Story: Poor Great Weapons: Fair Excellent Realism: Poor Amazing Overall: Poor Excellent Scale used: Poor Fair Good Great Excellent Amazing
Very disappointed with editing,accuracy of technology and continuity of film.Premise was good but somewhere along the line the story turned into a love story and main plot fell apart. It's a shame that the story went away.The acting was fair to poor. Marie Conchita Alonzo as a Massad agent with a Spanish accent is ridiculous.What's with the cutting of fish,meat,conch and coffee making.Have big problems with scientific facts which are inaccurate. When making a scientific movie at least get a consultant who can correct the errors in the script.How did one disc turn into two,was one hidden in the cave and what happened to the existence of God.
Even MST3K couldn't shield me from this one. Watching Lance Fuller non-act his way through his role (does he ever change expression???) was about as fun as passing a kidney stone. For that matter, no one in this movie changes expression. The most talented performance was probably given by King the dog. Thankfully at least, the directors failed in their attempt to get John Carradine for the role of Carlo Lombardi. Shot on incredibly grainy film--which, so help me, actually IMPROVES things---and apparently with a lighting budget in single digits. another improvement, since it saved me from actually having to watch the people onscreen. Avoid at all costs.
God awful David Mamet wannabe is so lame, it is truly a shame to see John C. Reilly involved with this giant pigeon droppings of a movie. Everything, and I mean everything about "Criminal" is totally contrived. The film actually is an insult to the audience's intelligence. Stupidity is piled upon stupidity, until an ending that absolutely confirms that essentially you have just wasted 87 minutes. Zero likable characters, zero believable characters, and a script that never should have happened, unless it's purpose was to leave the audience feeling frustrated, annoyed, insulted, and cheated. Definitely one to be avoided, unless you are a glutton for punishment. - MERK
Beautiful southwestern scenery is the only redeeming virtue of this by-the-numbers revenge film. The ecological, pro-Native American theme seems more exploitive veneer than imaginative twist, and the direction lacks suspense or even much of a climax. Acting is dull and unconvincing, though William Atherton is on board to lend his trademarked sneer to the chief villain. There is little more to the plot than "heroine framed for parents murder; heroine kills the real murderers." None of the characters are developed at all, even to the limited extent of an action film. That's too bad, because I was prepared to like this movie, and yes, the scenery was nice.
From the beginning, you think that maybe this movie will develop into something really scary and frightening, hopefully breaking free of the rash of boring horror movies released over the last few months. Nope. It's got alot of goth-horror goriness for shock value, but it pretty much falls flat on its face two thirds of the way through. The plot isn't too bad to begin with, but then it is neither explained nor developed... In general, the movie was lame, stupid, dumb, idiotic, ridiculous, pointless... what else can I say? I don't even want to type anymore because it isn't worth my time. I want a refund.
'THE FUTURE IS NOT FRIENDLY' intones the cover. While this may or may not be true, the movie is set in 1983. I suppose that being suckered into buying this bargain DVD at Wal-Mart in 2005 is the unfriendly future they were referring to. The cover art is a lie. There are no skeletal Terminator-style robots with red eyeballs in this movie. The android guy wears a white turtleneck and is less threatening than Star Trek's Data, and he doesn't do anything interesting. He's a wuss. This movie is crap. If you are responsible for the marketing of this DVD, you should be ashamed of yourself.
John Wayne was never a great actor. But his films were entertaining. Most American films of this era were similar in that the actors never looked and spoke authentically. The costumes and animals were first rate and you could not tell they filmed the picture both in radioactive contaminated desert and radioactive contaminated movie set. It appears all involved thought they were making some kind of epic, but really you can see the overacting. If someone would dub the film with mongolian accents, it would be highly comical. The untamed princess Bortai, Susan Hayward was such a hot babe for her time. Those crazy hairstyles!
I must admit that whilst I easily forgot about it straight after seeing it,it wasn't hard to class this poor man's Long Good Friday as one of the worst films of 1997. It was blissfully short,but,quite frankly,this low grade tripe is just 83 minutes too long.The whole thing is just so amateur and over zealous it winds up a self indulgent mess ,serving as a poor mistake which headed in one direction,then went one cropper the other way. Despite this,however,there was one good joke in it which I still remember after all this time,about the squirrel in the forest. No wait,that was poor too.Everything about this drivel reeks.
This was Uma Thurman's first feature film, and she started her acting career right at the very bottom. She is youthful and attractive in this film, but that's all the film has going for it. It is utterly dreadful. Very, very amateur. Thurman plays a femme fatale who goes on dates with middle-aged wealthy men, and then drugs them and steals their money. Meanwhile, a deranged guy who owns a rabbit is obsessed with her. That's about it. Steve Buscemi appears briefly. The other character is played by Paul Dillon (brother of Matt). Strictly for staunch fans of Uma Thurman only; and even if you are one, beware.
Sci-Fi not at its best. Ted Gage(Daniel Cosgrove)is a disgraced serviceman who returns home and teams up with a spunky female detective Gina O'Bannon(Tamara Davies)to find out who killed his computer geek brother. The computer whiz was earning his way through college by "cooking" and dealing drugs. And his project on the side was helping create super smart cockroaches for the Government. Adding to the human drama is a rash of killings that may be related to a human sacrificing cult led by Tiny Frakes(Mickey Rourke). Meanwhile the engineered cockroaches continue to due damage. Also in the cast are: Dennis Boutsikaris, Brandon Karrer, Tone Loc and Scott Rinker.
OK, so it's a movie my friends and I could have made in the backyard. But keeping that in mind, it's fairly good for what it is. It's entertaining in a cheesy sort of way. You can guess the plot line--a few cops and Steve the Buff Hero set out against an army of "nin-ja!" bent on an evil scheme. Still, it wasn't *all* completely predictable... In short, the best thing to do with this movie is to get a group of friends together, watch it, and jump in with MST3K-style comments whenever it seems appropriate. 3/10 for the movie, but hey, I had fun.
Astonishingly horrid, hackneyed drivel. I couldn't believe that the actors and filmmakers--who are ostensibly a part of an artistic community of sorts--would portray "bohemians" in such a cheesy way. And what the hell was with the cutesy dance scenes with car-commercial music in the background? Did someone tell the director this would look cool? I puked. Every "romantic" scene was equally unbearable (except for the sex scenes which were tasteless and disturbing). We all know people who think they are sophisticated, intelligent, and avant garde, but are actually vomitous, narcissistic poseurs. They will love this "art film." You should avoid it like the plague.
I don't expect much from made-for-TV action adventures. But this film featuring the talented Noah Wyle had enough ingredients to make it a nice venture. The shooting locations, the cast and visual effects were indeed more than satisfactory. But its potentials were ruined by its laughable plot (though I understand the producers looked for something rather comic) and terrible screenplay. The actors must have laughed behind the scenes having uttered these silly dialogues. Some reviewers here demanded a sequel for this film. I also do so, but to utilise the character of Noah Wyle in a more fruitful manner. Good family adventure films are scarce these days.
Not exactly the sequel you've been holding your breath to see. This is the follow up to SINGLE SANTA SEEKS MRS. CLAUS. Just about the whole cast returns for another round of forced Christmas gaiety. Its amazing how Hallmark Entertainment TV can gain profitable numbers in presenting these turkeys more than once. But it is safe holiday fare for the family. This time Nick Claus(Steve Guttenberg)is working overtime to afford the most perfect wedding. Beth(Crystal Bernard)finds that her society mother disapproves of Nick and definitely has no idea he is Santa Claus' son. Others in the cast: Marcia Ann Burrs, Dominic Scott Kay, Armin Shimerman and Mariette Hartley.
This is one of the worst animes I've ever seen. It is difficult for me to give an anime a low rating because I like the genre very much but this movie deserves a 2/10 at most. Unlike Ninja Scroll, this movie lacks character development, original and interesting story and good animation. Not even the gory fights make this worthwhile. My advice is to stay away from this one and email the people responsible for this to show how much you hate them for making something so awful and pointless. The only good thing about it is that it is short which makes the torture kind of bearable.
This movie offers nothing new. Technically, it is well made, but the plot seems contrived and the tension wears out as you see the two sides continuously escalating for no real reason - predictably, the protagonist discovers the simple truth and is repeatedly frustrated in his attempts to communicate it. This blocking is obviously just a plot device to heighten tension and anxiety in the audience. But it just becomes tedious. If you'd like to watch a movie with the underlying threat of a nuclear Armageddon, perhaps you should try "The Hunt for Red October". Rating 3/10 (Just for the effects and the attempts at acting)
One of the most childish films i've seen recently. From the beginning you get to see how full of cliches and stupidity this movie really is. And i'm not necessarily talking about the story, which could've lead to some interesting plot, but about the way the movie goes on and the clear intentions of the director. This is the classic tale for a kid, when you try to teach him the importance of being yourself, not what you wish to be, and the "meaningless" of trying to change. And the ending is absolutely awfull and stupid. Still some good gags now and then. Vote: 4 out of 10.
This movie greatest problem, is its presentation. The movie is not about Lavoe, it is about how Lavoe's wife viewed him; this, in my opinion, ruined the movie, as it became about Lavoe's wife. I did not want to see a movie about her, and her recollections and/or feelings; I wanted to see a movie where we would learn about Lavoe's successes and failures. There are also problems with accuracy of detail and chronology, which do not spoil the movie but they are errors. Marc Anthony captured Lavoe's on stage mannerisms perfectly, and even though I would have preferred to hear actual Lavoe recordings, he did sing well.
Vampire Vincent Price introduces his latest victim, John Carradine, to a nightclub where various badly made-up monsters hang out. There Carradine hears three stories  a con artist couple try to steal from a freakish 'shadmock'; Donald Pleasence is a special branch copper hunting down a vampire; and film director Stuart Whitman finds himself trapped in a ghoulish village. Although there is some fun to be had from Price's tongue-in-cheek performance, a couple of good songs and the occasional bit of amusing dialogue ("A vampire film producer?" "Aren't they all?"), the movie is slow-going and the stories prove too floppy to maintain interest despite their short running times.
In a plot patterned after 1940's "Boys of the City"; Leo Gorcey (as Muggs), Bobby Jordan (as Danny), Huntz Hall (as Glimpy), Ernest "Sunshine Sammy" Morrison (as Scruno), Donald Haines (as Skinny), and David Gorcey (as Peewee) slip away to a spooky old country estate, after getting in trouble with the law. This time "The East Side Kids" meet a Dracula-like host - menacing Bela Lugosi (as Nardo). Naturally, the "Kids" think Mr. Lugosi is the "The Monster Killer" threatening the area. And, if you saw him dematerialize, you'd think so, too *** Spooks Run Wild (10/24/41) Phil Rosen ~ Leo Gorcey, Bobby Jordan, Bela Lugosi
I've often joked in the past about some people's boundless (my words) affection for the later incarnations of The Dead End Kids but, actually, this and GHOST ON THE LOOSE (1943) are my first encounters with them. So, what's the verdict, then? Simple: their shtick is more tolerable when taken in smaller doses as was the case in DEAD END (1937) and ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES (1938). This is instantly forgettable stuff and I can't see it having much rewatchability value in the future...especially since Bela Lugosi turns out to be a good guy after all! Didn't he learn his lesson with MARK OF THE VAMPIRE (1935)?
In this short, under an hour feature, all we have is the narrative, which, although risque in 1915, seems tame today. There are no production values, directorial technique or performances that are in any way above the merely adequate. What is most interesting is the ending where the racial intolerance of the age manifests itself with a courtroom rising to lynch the Asian who has branded the white woman for failing to keep up her end of their bargain. Society may tolerate him as a plaything, but he must never think he is one of them. Don't bother seeking this out unless the racial bigotry theme interests you.
Every stereo type is here. Russians are evil, Americans are wonderful, the rest of the world does not exist except as onlookers. Were we all really stupid enough to get on a bus, wait in line and go into a cinema to watch this? I noticed the special effects were made by people out of the Blue Peter school of special effects. A Boeing 707 lands with the Russians on board...The USSR at that time would NOT own Boeing aircraft, especially to transport their people around internationally. Awful film, skip it. A real shame so many BIG stars made this, I suppose the money was good.
This movie is about as exciting to watch as paint drying. Granted, it wasn't a complete loss, Ewan was nice to look at...and someone loaned it to me, so I was spared the expense of movie rental. There are worse movies and there are far better movies, but I honestly watched it because I'm in the process of watching Ewan McGregor movies because he has this presence that is so strong that you just have to watch his work because he draws you in, and you end up sitting there watching, totally mesmerized. Very commanding! Now, only if Rogue Trader were a strong enough movie to carry him....
Okay, i'm a guy so i had to like all the toplessness in the first Room, the second room was quite annoying, 3rd room was humorous, gotta love the children, the little boy is from desperado. cute kids. The 4th room, well, its tarantino so its a 10. The only reason i got this movie was for Robert Rodrigous and Tarantino. Wasnt worth the 14 dollars though. I think Tim Roths character got annoying after the first 10 mins, obviously tarentino or rodrigous didnt pick the music for they're rooms, all in all, Dont waste your money, but if your a True Tarantino fan you must get it.
I should start by admitting that I find Jennifer Aniston adorable. Vince Vaughn is every fast talking overly-confident friend I've ever known. This film could have been great. It isn't. It is a weak film full of odd underdeveloped (and thus unexplained) side characters and it contains one of the most unsatisfying (and the biggest 'cop-out') endings ever put on film. If I want inadequate, unfunny, unsatisfying and realistic, I'll refer to my own struggling relationships. I don't need to pay Hollywood top dollar to show me that. I can get that for free. It has its hints at humor, but overall? Awful.
After watching this movie about a "day in the life of a restaurant," I couldn't understand the high rating it gets on IMDb, but then I noticed that most of the reviewers are former wait-persons who identified with the over-the-top caricatures of the staff and customers of these restaurants. For anyone else it is just a bunch of crude high-school level gross-out jokes. I realize comedy is subjective, but I kept hoping that the energetic (and in some cases attractive) cast might actually be given some sort of comedic situational set-up for the jokes instead of a series of barely (pun intended) connected stoopid gags.
I actually suffered through 10 minutes of this thinking that it might get better.... Please do yourself a favor, and don't bother watching this. Unless you enjoy intolerably bad movies, your time is better spent anywhere else. And I do mean ANYWHERE. It is hard to believe that any of these actors who participated in this movie did not get banned from the business permanently. It certainly is a black mark on their careers in my opinion. So, what was wrong with this movie? Poor Acting. Bad Jokes. Bad Plot. What is good about this movie? You don't have to watch it.
Loved Neve too much to see this movie again, lack of sense, lack of history, lack of imagination...and maybe lack of time. what's Mike Tyson doing in this film? What about the rich parents? who the girlfriend is? what about the African teacher? or better one question what's the sense of the movie? see a looser who sell his girlfriend for one million dollars and manage to get himself in jail. what about the shower scenes does she cleans her conscience there? sis she planned everything or is to unrealistic coincident? the only nice part was hearing the count trying to put some words together about Italian literature.
Severely flawed sequel to an amusing and beautiful original. The CGI dragon is very well animated but the lighting is all wrong and the voice acting is pitiful (not to mention the regular acting). The original film relied heavily on the charisma of Sir Sean Connery's voice(!), so it is no wonder that this film lacks the charm of its predecessor. The film seems aimed towards kids and possibly young teenagers who tend to be somewhat underdeveloped in the intellectual department. The whole production has the feel of a 'Young Hercules' episode (especially the campy martial arts sequences), which is not a compliment... NeofreemaN out.
Derick Martini's direction here is adequate and the actors pour their hearts in some of the roles but the story the Martini brothers came up with fails to compel. As a result, this is just yet another bland indie entry mixing social criticism and coming of age stories. The story is down to earth but lacks visceral qualities and is rather forgettable. Character development is nowhere to be seen. It's even worse as far as the story is concerned. This one brings nothing new despite being well-made. One would be better off picking an old classic such as The Ice Storm in this case.
It's craptacular!! More of the same from Fred Williamson. He's the renegade cop, somebody is dead, and now he's out for revenge. Too bad he couldn't track down a decent story while he was at it. Instead we're forced to watch while he charms the ladies, smokes cigars, and holds his shiny gun. If you're looking for anything beyond cliche'd characters, flat acting, and blaxploitation rehash, this film is not for you. But if you're up for Bubba Smith's toupee, a pack of geriatric cops "chasing" good ol' Hammer, and more plot holes than you can shake a stick at, this one might be right up your alley.
"After the first 5 minutes there is nothing worth watching in this film" (xnix444). Yes, but even the first 5 minutes are really bad. The intro with the sword seems to be stolen by 'Conan the barbarian' (also 1982), but in quality not even close to it. "It has possibly the worst score in film history." (eightx10) Yes, that is also true. The score is scary! "The production values are terrible; the writing, nonexistent." (yngue) Yes, I agree and have nothing more to say about that. Even "The Barbarians" (1987) is a true masterpiece compared to this crap. Rating: 1 of 10.
After accomplishing masterpieces with "My Left Foot" and "In the Name of the Father", Jim Sheridan totally went in the wrong direction with "The Boxer". I don't think that the issue should be whether one views the IRA positively or negatively (this movie treats them pretty mercilessly). The issue is that, contrary to what this movie portrays, the Irish and English can't agree on things through boxing matches. And they really could have done without all the love stuff. In conclusion, Sheridan, Daniel Day-Lewis and Emily Watson have all done much better than this. I don't know why they felt that they had to do this movie.
An episode of very high tension as Mulder finds himself in a hostage situation with an alleged abductee. Very little action , but keeps you hooked all the way through , and nicely kicks starts the story of Scully's abduction due to Anderson's real life pregnancy. Although i would advise people with conditions like epilepsy not to watch this as there are many scenes with flashing and strobe lighting. Also contains a lot of good alien scenes , with good special effects. The ending is extremely chilling and will stay with you. A good episode , one which would make anyone want to continue watching th X-Files! 8/10!
Spoilt brat Emily Hope, (Alicia), seeks attention from her snotty rich dad, (Thompson), by organising her own kidnapping. This time around its the girl who cried wolf when Vincent, (the very funny Benicio), ends up stealing a car with her in it. All hell breaks loose when good old Uncle Raymond, (Walken in his usual style of acting), comes on the scene in search of the two. It's Benicio's performance that hooked me in, it's quirky with a feel of spontaneity . Even Alicia gets in on the act joining Benicio's playfulness. And to top it all off, add Christopher Walken and you've got an interesting level of performances.
An episode with a theme near and dear to Serling's heart: intellectual freedom and the will and power of the "little" guy. It's an obvious tribute to novels like "1984", and while not as well executed as that novel, there is something to be said for the startling visuals presented on such a low budget that bring to life the horrors of a totalitarian regime. My only criticism is the ending -- not to give anything away, but did they run out of money for something better? Regardless, this is an episode that makes you wonder what today's political realities and quasi-religious governments would have inspired Serling to write.
A terrible and unpleasant sequel to the surprise hit from 1984. Though it reassembles most of the cast from the original, including Eddie Murphy in the role that made him a big-screen movie star, all of the other elements that made the first one so enjoyable are gone. Director Tony Scott seems to be absolutely clueless about what made the first one so popular and fresh -- in other words, the comedy -- and instead focuses on aggressive violence and action. The song "Shakedown" was nominated for an Academy Award, but otherwise the film doesn't even boast as good a soundtrack as the original. Grade: D
An excellent movie where everything is beautiful - from the crumbling, claustrophobic backdrops of the antagonists' hiding places, the actors and the background music. Besides showing an unusual homosexual relationship, the film also questions the relationship between sex, love and violence - even when the main characters turn "straight" violence and death hang in the air, with scenes sex often interspliced with those of death and agony. More importantly, you can't help but feel sorry - and yet almost envious - for the doomed (and did I mention beautiful?) lovers as they slide towards their inevitable end, just for the incredible passion they have for each other.
I liked Julio Medem's "Vacas" and "Los amantes del círculo polar" very much (I have not seen "La ardilla roja" but I've been told it's good), but this time I found his movie so ridiculously pretentious and boring that I could not believe my ears (because my eyes were more or less fascinated by the vistas.) Maybe if I were a foreign language spectator, I would not notice the actors' mumbling as I read the subtitles, but this film even needs subtitles for a Spanish-speaking person like me. The actors murmur, undress, suffer (and how!) and try to add coherence and credibility to the silly dialogues to no avail.
I am one of the world's biggest fans of the original Phantasm. But I have to admit, that the sequels really do nothing for me. Number four is the closest thing to the original. It lives the same world, but isn't distracted by pop culture phenomena of the time the way 2 & 3 seemed to be influenced/commentating on 'Evil Dead' and 'Home Alone'. As much as I like seeing the Tall Man, Reggie and Mike back in action, Jody still seems forced into the series. I really wish that Coscarelli had just left him dead and moved on. The whole 'living ball' thing is plain silly.
I saw this movie when it first debuted and I have never forgotten the vivid performances and how I cried. I was watching at someone else's house and couldn't hold back the tears. We kept saying "Emmys all around" at each commercial break! Mare Winningham is a phenomenal actress. The writing was superb. The scene with her mother, beautifully played by Phyllis Frelich, when her mother calls her selfish is one of the best scenes, bar NONE, that I have ever seen in my life. I cry just thinking about it. If you have an opportunity to see this film, don't miss it. You won't be sorry.
I recently went to see Christian Viel's Deaden at the Sitges Festival International De Cinema De Catalunyain in Spain and I liked the movie a lot. It was the film premiere. The film was fast. The story simple. It was brutal. The music was excellente. Fallon was a good actor most time. Big surprise. Good comedy with Kersey Fallon friend in the film who was funny. Lot of guns-cocaine-action and the killings were originale and sadist. Bad things was the film was done on a low budget and some of fist fights were not that good. But it was a good vigilante movie with lots of violence-laugh-drama. Alan
It's fairly enjoyable - if you haven't read the book. The only similarity to the actual book is a few names. The plot is different, the period is different, the characters are different. Why bother adapting the Miss Marple (and it should be MISS Marple and not just plain Marple - that's so very rude) books if the adaptors are just going to change everything about them? Why not just write entirely new mysteries, instead of hanging their own stories onto Agatha Christie characters and book titles? If you want to see Miss Marple:Nemesis, try the far superior Joan Hickson version. This version is not an Agatha Christie mystery.
The third and final chapter in Araki's "Teen Apoloclyspe Trilogy" consists of sexual discovery, graphic violence through religion and alien abduction. The style is truly innovative and moving with an ending so bizarre it lives up to the tag-line: 90210 on acid. Some people may say that it has no plot yet I disagree. The film consists of a day in life of teenagers facing everyday problems yet with a quirky depiction. I highly recommend this film, but be warned it is filled with plots and structures that people may find either downright weird or disturbing. Gregg Araki brings us yet another fairy tale of doom in this epic.
OK, to be honest i didn't expect much out of this movie,being a romantic comedy and all,but in the end i actually liked it, yes it's a chick flick ,and yes some things in it wouldn't really happen in reality,and the movie being so sweet and funny,the ending could have been a little better,but hey,these kind of movies always have something that we would like to be different,all in all i actually liked it,and enjoy watching it over and over again... Kate Hudson was really sparkling in this light spirited comedy, and i for one would like to see her more in funny comedies like this... Denny
Retired British couple in 1900 Newborough purchase a large estate at a low price and hire a live-in lady companion, who quickly comes under the influence of the previous resident: a young girl who some say was murdered. Osbert Sitwell's book turned into stuffy costume drama with divergent accents. In 1945, many professional critics found themselves enraptured with the plot, but time has not been kind to it. Other, later pictures mining this territory have improved upon the ghostly basics. James Mason, too young for his role and heavily made-up, keeps shouting as if everyone else had gone deaf, while the supporting players are equally colorless. *1/2 from ****
It looked good on the trailer, I keyed in a reminder on my Digi Box, it came on, It was rubbish. Patrick Stewart an actor I admire- is he short of work? Also was this in 1863? Nemo said he had been on the island for 10 years, lost his family in the 'Indian Revolution' so that would have been 1853.. Only I think he was vaguely referring to the Indian Mutiny, which happened in 1857.. Confused, I was. also why were the pirates right off the set of 'Prates of the Caribbean?? Who wrote this, a bunch of 9 year olds?
Watching this film reminded me of an afternoon sitcom, the actor's did without a doubt, it just has "done on the cheap" written all over it. it claims to be about the person that the movies "Exorcist" is about, but I found nothing of the such to back up that claim at all, so thats the production company blagging away there. It's a shame really, as I'm a fan of the genre, but this has "Made for Teens" all over it. Shame really because it could have been good, especially when you remember that the original Exorcist wasn't released here in the UK for fourteen years!
Sometime it seems that Hollywood stopped making good movies in 1970's. I was not familiar with this movie before I stumbled upon it in my local independent video store. What a wonderful surprise. This is a crime movie like no other. It doesn't make allowances to anybody. We see Mafia, and black gangs from Harlem, and cops both crooked, honest and those in between. In this dirty and hard world violence is an everyday occurrence and the movie is filled with ugly, horrible things. The director Mr.Shear doesn't use violence to excite or repel the viewers. That's just how it is in this desperate world full of broken people.
I remember watching this movie 9 years ago and almost forgot how good this movie was ...not scary at all ..a very decent ghost story with good acting especially Benjamin stiles as Ricky mabe ...its sad that these days they don't make movies like they used to make...a perfect movie which can be watched with your family on Sunday afternoon ...watch it if you like ghost stories.....can anybody tell where I can find the movie DVD or can even watch it online as it been ages I haven't watched this movie desperately wanna watch it....loved this movie ..you won't get bored watching this movie again and again ...believe it.
i got a DVD , start watching at 10Am and .. finish at 3PM !!! i had to pause ... because of crying myself .. of course the polish V.O. is a Perle ! characters are hilarious ! music Is gorgeous ! what else ...? .. the best polish comedy i ever seen (since Rejs) waiting for others comments ... especially from people who don't understand polish .. the film is a co-prod polish & french ... myself i saw other polish comedy "Wesele" who is close to the concept of "Boys don't cry" ... does somebody saw other polish comedy like that ???
This film is complete rubbish and just an excuse for a bunch of old actresses to strip off. Helen Mirren is an exhibitionist and just loves stripping off. She used to look quite sexy, but she's now too old for it. Okay, so it's a real story and supposed to be a serious film. But, at the end of the day, it's about the exhibitionism of a bunch of old women. It got so tedious in the end that I upped the DVD to x16 to get it over with as soon as possible. The old women should stick to something they're good at: baking cakes.
Takeshi's third film (after "Violent Cop" and "Boiling Point") seems to of hit the right note in blending quirky humour and sudden violence. He plays a yakuza who is getting tired of his lifestyle,and is considering retirement.He attends a high profile meeting with other gang leaders and finds out his next assignment is to settle a gang war in Okinawa.This is of course,not what it seems, with a hit-man sent over to wipe out Takeshi's gang.This does not quite succeed and a violent confrontation ensues. A beautifully photographed,oddball gangster film which manages to see-saw the viewer's emotions.Beat Takeshi's passive persona always seems to work in this kind of film.
A remarkable film from Takeshi. A lyrical, poetic, visual feast that slowly but surely completely sucks you in. If masters make their art look easy then this is a great example of modern film mastery. Takeshi's shots and dialogue appear so simple and natural that you would begin to believe you could do it yourself with a camera, a beach and a handful of actors. Its unlike anything i have ever seen before, and the soundtrack from Joe Hisaishi compliments the film perfectly. Takeshi's slow, lingering, minimal style could put off some viewers, but if you don't mind the more contemplative camera then you have struck gold.
Clockwork Orange is definitely the most bizarre film I've ever seen. The whole idea of brainwashing a criminal to never do harm again in itself is genius. Stanley Kubrick amazes me with just the music he picked for the movie alone. I was hooked from the opening scene! But, I did find the movie rather disturbing at some points, with the violence and rapes. But the story just made me look past it, and concentrate on the movie. In my opinion, its one of the most brilliant pictures ever made. But, you really have to look past the things you might find disturbing, and just concentrate on the story.
Do you know what was Mr. Kubrick's big problem? He just couldn't make a crap movie. He is the only filmmaker who's films had such a quality. So if in my opinion he's a master filmmaker and one of his best films (if not THE best, it is hard to say) is ACO I think a 10 is what this movie should have. And next time you all see this movie don't take it TOO seriously, just try to relax and enjoy it passing by all the possible meanings this movie could have. After all if Kubrick wanted us to know what it is all about we would know!
Get this for a weird plot: Set in a run-down apartment building sometime in a dystopian, post-apocalyptic future, the landlord, who is also a butcher, keeps the neighbourhood supplied with meat by slicing up applicants for the job of assistant in his shop. His daughter, who falls in love with the newest applicant Louison (Dominique Pinon) helps keep the butcher from chopping up Louison until he learns of the danger he is in, and escapes with the help of a band of vegetarian freedom fighters, and his new-found love. It is an incredibly bizarre film that contains painstaking details of the lives of some of the apartment's peculiar residents.
One of the best movies of the year and totally underrated! Adrien Brody came with a beautiful performance and i was actually surprised by the level of good acting that came along with this movie. Rachel Weisz gave one of her best performances yet. Adrien and Rachel click on stage and through their beautiful acting give us this wonderful movie witch everybody must see! Congrats for Weisz, Brody, Ruffalo, and especially Rinko Kikuchi, the Japanese Oscar nominee for Babel. If you liked Bandits ore Inside Man you will love this movie so please buy the DVD and watch it and you will not regret it!
I loved this movie since my family loves cats and I remember how it broke my heart when the kitty got killed. I think I remember he fed it tuna fish that he either stole from a store or from his house, I can't remember exactly how he got the cans of tuna but I kinda remember that part of the movie. I need someone to mail me a copy of the movie so I can share it with our younger members of our church. Thanks in advance, God loves a cheerful giver Mail a VHS copy to : Ernie Smith 2586 Otranto Road Charleston,SC
An 11 year-old girl befriends an injured man unaware that he is a paedophile killer.Her mother winds up having an affair with him which makes the girl jealous so she sets out to seduce him as well."L'Immoralita" by Massimo Pirri reminded me a little bit an infamous "Maladolescenza",but it was not as graphic.Still the sex scene between the girl and the killer may certainly upset some viewers,albeit the girl is clearly replaced by an older body-double.The story of "L'Immoralita" is morally dubious,however the acting is quite good and there is enough sleaze to satisfy any self-respecting smut peddler.I'd recommend this film for fans of Italian exploitation.7 out of 10.
I saw this film, accidentally, in t.v., and I feel astonished how dramatic stories can be expressed by so simple and poor instruments and, still, be so strong and unforgetable. A love story in an impossible circumstances of war and slandering (in Hungary of World War 2) - could exist? may be love cannot exist without freedom? Or, in opposite: real love is possible only in a crazy times? it's very realistic and sad movie which tell us about a short love but real one (because this love stand against all difficulties of those days). I recommend you to see "confidence" and you will not forget this masterpiece drama.
Cronyn and Gardenia give sparkling and Emmy-winning performances. This movie presents a personal perspective of the aging process. Faced with contrasting experiences of "getting old" - Cronyn with a keen mind and frail body vs. Gardenia with the onset of senility and a healthy body - the two friends are friendly adversaries of the aging process. They provide mutual support to each other and their families as they "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night." The portrayal of the nursing home experience is fairly accurate. I highly recommend that families view it together before they are forced to make difficult decisions about the welfare of their aging relatives.
Among the filmography of the great Jack Clayton, OUR MOTHER'S HOUSE ranks with ROOM AT THE TOP, THE INNOCENTS and THE PUMPKIN EATER. He has a master's hand to deal with the smallest details. His work with children is unsurpassed. Here we have the splendid Pamela Franklin (The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie) and Mark Lester(Oliver in Carol Reed's Oliver) plus a sterling performance by Dirk Bogarde. The film is, clearly, an ancestor of THE CEMENT GARDEN but it creates a world impossible to emulate. In my list of films that changed my life, it goes hand in hand with ROSEMARY'S BABY, APARTMENT ZERO, THE CONFORMIST and BLOW UP.
Is Don Cheadle a terrorist or an undercover operative? The suspense is killing absolutely no one. By the numbers thriller with predictable outcome. Cardboard characters, clumsy emotional manipulation, implausible storyline and cliché twists weigh against decent production values, competent acting and a reasonably balanced portrayal of participants in the war on terror. Terrorist Thriller #0988047 should turn a moderate profit. Hey, Hollywood is a business so one can't fault the producers for not taking risks. Nevertheless, it'd be nice if they threw in a few curveballs so we'd know that the script wasn't written by computer. Steer clear of this poor man's 'Syriana' if you're looking for something new.
Robin Williams is probably the best Peter Pan I've seen. Well, at least, a grownup Peter Pan. It's not a usual role for Robin compared to Mrs. Doubtfire or Good Morning Vietnam. He's a workaholic to get away from his family, along with his drinking. Then, his kids are gone and look who tells him that Captain Hook kidnapped his kids. In comes Maggie Smith. She is a wonderful Wendy!! This movie has it's ups and downs, of course. But, Robin's humor along with Dustin Hoffman's performance as Hook and Julia Roberts as Tinkerbell makes this movie a perfect childhood movie that can be watched with the whole family!
When you focus on the aspect "direction", this movie seems to be one of the worst you can watch. The script, the direction, it's a whole mess. A silly story, scenes which are too long... The only positive aspect about this movie is Natassia Kinski. Mr. Toback (adequate name) probably has some influent friends, or is somebody's cousin or something. In this film, I always had the impression, that Mr Toback thinks that terrorism is the worst threat that exists for humanity. More important aspects, like corruption, hunger, inequality, aren't even mentioned. Forget this trash! I had to watch several good movies to start forgetting this crap.
The Fly is more than a horror movie it's a statement of the eighties. I remeber seeing this film for the first time when I was five years old and telling my friends about the gore scenes but as I got older and viewed the film again I realzied how much of a tragic love story the film was. Jeff Goldblum gave an Oscar worthy performanc of ill fated scinenits Seth Brundle and Genna Davis gave an equally good performance as his love interest. The special effects were very good for the eighties and the film does have some scary moments. If you've never seen the film you should.
Possible Spoilers!!!! Wow. What else can I say? This is the ultimate movie experience. It has everything! Excellent direction, gorgeous cinematography, great story, a score that always suits the mood and as for Audrey Tautou... This is without doubt the single greatest performance by an actress ever committed to celluloid. In the title role she not only plays Amelie Poulian, she embodies her. The tagline, "She'll change your life" is true. After watching AMELIE you will feel compelled to help a blind man cross the road or more importantly, you'll feel sure that there is a love out there for you. This is REAL magic.
"The Champ" is a heartwarming experience,with a great performance by Jackie Cooper who steals the whole show.Wallace Beery won an Oscar for his portrayal of the brawling ex-fighter who loves his son deeply. The chemistry between Beery and Cooper is the movie's core. It's nice to see that both the mother and stepfather are portrayed as sympathetic people.Beery's portrayal manages also to convey the flaws in the character of The Champ,which is why we understand how his wife could leave him.But as an ex-boxing champ he's not very believable. The final bout is laughingly choreographed and looks silly. But it is a film I would want to see again.
Young Lara is in a most unusual situation: her parents are both deaf-mute, so she has to communicate for both of them. It's sort of a constraining situation, and when a relative gives Lara the chance to become a musician, her parents try to keep her at home. She will have to choose. The idea of the daughter having to speak for her parents is not something that I ever would have thought about, but "Jenseits der Stille" (called "Beyond Silence" in English) made me think about it. It's always good to be able to see such intellectual stories, especially when Hollywood makes so many pointless blow-'em-up movies.
This play (I can see it as a stage play, as well as an excellently crafted film) delivers with surgical precision the key moral question that lies behind everything the "free world" needs to ask itself about freedom. By using an extremely well-delivered theatrical device, the viewer can not help but question the sense of "protection at any price" mentality behind the Patriot Act, Homeland Security, and the repeal of over two hundred years of human rights legislation. An excellent film, with intense, nuanced performances from exceptional performers. See this film. Open your eyes, and your mind. If anyone can be treated like this, then no-one is free.
This is a wonderful film. It captures characters in a profound dilemma and shows a study of the bureaucratic mind that will crush a truly good man for the ends of both personal advancement and political correctness. It is as much a statement on the evils of mindless bureaucracy as any I have seen. It is also a fine story of personal redemption and the decency that can allow it to thrive. I could not but think of such works as Dostoyevsky's Crime and Punishment or such films as Schindler's List, because I am fascinated by the portrayals of seemingly ordinary people put in situations of fundamental moral choice.
1850, Saint-Pierre, a forgotten small island near Canada. Neel Auguste is found guilty and condemned to death. But, in Saint-Pierre there is neither guillotine nor executioner to carry out the sentence. While waiting for a guillotine to arrive from France, Neel (Emir Kusturica), is placed under the custody of captain(Daniel Auteuil), and his wife, Madame La (Juliette Binoche). She is particularly interested in Neel in whom she sees only goodness and simplicity. Little by little the condemned man becomes indispensable and his popularity soars. Buit when the guillotine arrives by boat, justice must be done and the battle to save Neels life escalates.
As an American living in Hungary, I thoroughly enjoyed this film and hope that many of my friends living in the states will see it to better understand the Hungarian culture. As always in a film, there were a few liberties taken with historical facts, but these were not huge and did not destroy the film. It was particularly timely with the riots this year in the streets of Budapest. The courage displayed and the sense of hope in a seemingly hopeless situation made the film especially poignant. A film worth seeing. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in European history, courage, and Hungarians.
The first comment absolutely missed the point of the movie. Apparently the poster does not make the distinction between a documentary about monastic life and the last James Bond movie. Die Grosse Stille is the only movie ever shot in the Grande Chartreuse monastery - no visitors being allowed there, not even monks families. No chance that a friend of yours may ever shoot a movie there. I guess that the director decided to provide almost raw material so that the spectator can come to her own feelings and conclusions. For more informative documents about the Chartreux, one can go to the Correrie museum (1 mile from the monastery).
A nice family film about a trials and hardships of a working girl in 19th century America. The film has an array of characters that Lyddie interacts with. It is an enjoyable, relaxing movie that has a purpose -- showing how a young woman was able to successfully meet the challenges of life through hard work and goals. The movie is wrapped around Lyddie's decisions based upon her strong beliefs about doing what is right -- what is right for her, her family and the young women she works with. Moral issues that the move tackles: 1. Slavery, 2. Factory working conditions, 3. Sexual harassment
It's got Charles Grodin and Bonnie Hunt! How could that possibly be bad?? They are always a pleasure to watch. Beethoven's 2nd is worth watching just for them. Beyond that, it's not high art and child actors and not entirely engaging, but it's cute and fun and and quite watchable -- and who could like something with five adorable St. Bernard puppies? Sure, it occasionally drags, but you can't expect Grodin and Hunt to be in every scene. And as a bonus we get Debi Mazur doing a great turn as a comic villain! Lighten up and enjoy a cute film with a pair of exceptional comic actors.
Powerful drama, seems like a Greek tragedy, about poor rural life in Arkansas with no way out for every character to explore and find their dreams and how this way of life drive them to desperation, loneliness and human loss for two families. Acting in silence from the unknown but very solid in their roles Michael Shannon (Son), Douglas Ligon (Boy) and Barlow Jacobs (Kid) as the three brothers. First Attempt to direct from Jeff Nichols (who also wrote the script and produced the movie) ,with beautiful cinematography, winner of New American Cinema Award in Seattle International Film Festival, this is a chilling, tragic and original story to see.
With most Hollywood garbage these days being so formulaic and cliché we can all be thankful for those making movies outside of LA. Kung Fu Hustle combines humor, creativity, imagination (WAY out the box when compared to most US movies) epic fight scenes and wonderful cinematography. The references it makes are side-splitting and the Bugs Bunny and Shining examples stand out as two that are remarkably timed. I think if you go see this movie and check all your expectations and disbelief at the door you will have the fantastic movie experience of being whisked away to another world... the reason we see movies in the first place, right?
This film is a miracle -- that anyone would even make a film about little more than a dinner conversation is incredible enough, but the play of paradigms between Shawn and Gregory is such a Gurdjieffian tour de force that it creates a compelling crossroads for any astute viewer. This is a challenging flick! Also, be it hereby said that the brilliant and understated performance of Jean Lenauer as The Waiter should have won an Oscar for the best supporting role. Watch again and see if you don't agree! The old gent passed on two years after this film was made, but, man, was he great! Thanks, Jean.
Through rave reviews and an outstanding 7+ rating on IMDb I have finally succumbed to the 'temptation' to watch this film. I found myself waiting for something amazing or even slightly interesting to happen and then the credits rolled. It is like watching paint dry but less happens. I have no idea why anyone likes this movie, there are two locations in the whole film, which is usually an intriguing quality, but there needs to be more. Why make this film? Why watch this film? Why even bother writing a review for this film? These are questions that were obviously answered by acting first and questioning the action afterwards.
One of the Weirdest Movies of All Time!!! Imagine Ed Wood, Dario Argento, the Coen Brothers, Sid & Marty Kroft,The Evil Dead, Alice in Wonderland, Rocky Horror, Natural Born Killers, MTV, Kenneth Anger, Ernie Kovacs, Willy Wonka, Kill Bill, Monty Python, Terry Gilliam, Tim Burton, Herschell Gordon Lewis, Teletubbies, Battle Royale, and the Banana Splits -- all crammed into a blender! I've never seen so many silly cinematic tricks crammed into a single movie. Outrageous and hilariously entertaining. It's hard to believe it's the first-time effort of a Japanese director in 1977. He sure had fun experimenting, and I sure had fun watching. Midnight movie fans: DON'T MISS IT!
The subculture of the objects created in The Lost Room was an interesting side effect of having so many people know about such an incredible secret. There are many unanswered questions, which I hope will be addressed in series. What was the "event" in May 1961 that set things in motion. No real hint is given what this may have been, either terrestrial or not. The most fascinating thing I've found is how it is still bouncing around in my mind. You just find yourself thinking about all the what ifs and loose ends. Anyway, it was a wonderful show with a lot of twists and unexpected events.
Intrigingly convoluted and hauntingly refreshing, this show is easily the best show of 2006! A+ all around, for all involved. A show like this does not appear very often! Suspention of disbelieve is the primary attribute of any good story. Even though I could have chosen to disbelieve, it never happened. Every story hole in the plot and every incredulous moment worked for The Lost Room. Please don't ruin it by turning it into a series! But a sequel mini-series could work. Every actor performed their part with sincerity and poise. Also, I would love to see more from the creative talents behind this series, so impressed am I!
Surprisingly accurate rendition of this "typical" Rex Stout book. Setting accurately depicted the era (early 50's). Wolfe and Archie nicely portrayed, including the crucial "multilevel" relationship which they enjoy. Very pleased to see Rex Stout's dialog used frequently throughout the production. Hard to improve on his witty and intelligent characterizations. Plot development was orderly and included all the necessary ingredients and characters. A full cast of the principle Stout characters is essential and in this case provided. Summary: I heartily recommend this film and hope for many sequels. Hopefully the sequels will return to the earliest books of the genre set in the mid to late 30's.
It has been 21 years since this great comedy/romance movie was made staring heaps of really great actors and actress like the dam great actor Tom Hanks,The really funny John Candy from the heaps funny movie Uncle Buck,Daryl Hannah and Eugene Levy. Eugene Levy does a good job at playing a scientist in this movie called Walter Kornbluth who is trying to catch the mermaid (Daryl Hannah) by chasing her around New York City to trow water on her which turns her from human back into a mermaid. Over all this this is a must watch movie and my rating is a big 7 out of 10.
A great movie documentary telling of the early days of the Warner Brothers toon studios (think of "Termite Terrace" as you watch), along with nine great toon shorts the family will love for a long time to come. This movie should be watched for on Showtime (or any of its other channels). Too bad it's not on video now--it should be taped! I must agree, it's a family film that indeed shall be grater than any others that will proclaim so in future. So long live BUGS...long live the MERRIE MELODIES...and LONG LIVE THE LOONEY TUNES!! An agreeable 10\10 effort from the United Artists team.
I was in an extended stay in the hospital when this movie was released. Indeed I did not know it had been made until several years later when I saw the video of Celine Dion's "Then You Look at Me", and recognized the scenes as being from the short story by Isaac Asimov. I immediately rented the video. This is the finest "Robot" movie ever, touching and funny. It remains faithful, in spirit if not detail, to the original story. Excellent acting by all. I do not understand why it flopped. Screen adaptations of Asimov's stories haven't always worked (eg. Nightfall both versions), but this one does
I wanted Chad to get his just desserts and he didn't. I know. But I want to see the downfall of people like Chad. But in real life they do exist and they do achieve. And they are truly heartless. Many CEO's wear this same tag. Power and control and as long as I come out on top, the others be damned. I am tempted to exercise my writing abilities and pen a script where Chad literally goes to Hell. That is what he deserves. That is where he belongs. And yes, Howard ,the weakling, right along with him. I gave this a 9 out of 10.
It is rare to see a Russian movie made so tasteful and visually appealing. I agree that some special effects were overdone and unnecessary, taking away from the overall appeal of the film, but I really hope an English version could come out so I can see it with the rest of my family. While other users complain of the historical inaccuracies of this movie I do not think this is something people should dwell on too much. This movie is for someone who enjoys a movie with beautiful scenery and gripping effects (when they are appropriate). This is truly the best Russian movie that I have ever seen.
Turetskii gambit contains all of the elements of a great film. The acting is underplayed. The cinematography is perfection itself. The colors are muted in concert with the drama itself. One can only desire an extension of the romantic relationship with Yegor Beroyev himself and his lovely sweetheart. There are very dramatic moments including the duel on the pier. The snow scenes are reminiscent of "Dr. Zhivago". I can highly recommend this picture for those romantics at heart. Alexander Pushkin would be proud to see this serious play in cinematic form. It is now in DVD format with excellent soundtrack and special features. This is one not to miss.
After seeing all the reviews, I must say that my opinion is mixed. On the one hand, the plot and concept of the movie are very interesting and surprising. On the other hand, the form and style of this movie are blurry and slow/repetitive at certain moments. It is true that this movie needs to been seen at least twice to fully appreciate its intricacies. It's a family thing and somehow it is a combination of Miikie Takashi's Visitor Q, Seven and Silence of the Lambs. Overall, I would say 7/10. I would recommend Frailty (2001) from Bill Paxton to people who like this plot.
This is one of the most profound films of the thirties. Made from an extremely literate play by Robert Sherwood, it explores the mind of the idealist. Leslie Howard was born to play the part of the disaffected English writer. He speaks his poignant lines with conviction... Bette Davis shows her dreamy side and this film, and it's just as compelling as her bitchy aspect... and Bogart, well, this is the first film in which he really IS "Bogart". A good/bad man in an impossible situation, he is, Howard calls him, "the last great apostle of rugged individualism". SEE THIS movie! It's one of the great romances of all-time!
I have never been a fan of "made for TV movies" or "mini series", but lately I've found myself looking more Canadian shows to watch. This movie certainly was that. If you don't know much about the Canadian (or British) Parliamentary democracy then you might be a little lost. I'm not a movie "critic" by any means, but I found this show kept my interest over two nights and four hours. Well written, acted, and never predictable. I would recommend this movie to any Canadian interested in Canadian/American politics, and even to anyone else curious about our political system. Maybe PBS will show it some day.
While nothing terribly original, "Adam & Evil" takes the classic elements of the woodland horror tale and crafts a fine picture, better than many of its similarly obscure peers. Well acted, actually funny where it's supposed to be funny, sexy and suspenseful with an ending that isn't telegraphed from the beginning (though admittedly not nearly on par with the shock endings of such films as "Jason Goes To Hell - The Final Friday" or the shocks all throughout "Jian Gui" (aka "The Eye"). One of the better of the unheralded films in horror's 'slasher' sub-genre; recommended to fans of "Tourist Trap", the "Friday The 13th" series, and similar greats.
Note: Possible Spoiler. Terrific film with absolutely standout performances from both Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren, along with a fine ensemble of lesser-known castmembers. The much-talked-about climax in this movie is surely one of the most enthralling and riveting in the history of cinema -- and this is no exaggeration! Bob Hoskings virtuoso performance in the final scene transcends mere acting or descriptive superlatives. He is just stunning. In a brief few seconds, Hoskings exudes surprise, fear, realization and acceptance as to....... The accompanying pulsating musical score from composer Francis Monkman gives further power and emotional resonance to this scene. Your heart simply races along with Hoskins' "ride".
giuseppe colizzi was a fine underrated director dead too early that invented the characters of Spencer-Hill. Differently from E.B.Clucher, Hill is more Eastwood-way then Trinità but the substance is the same. Colizzi was a well competent director, more american then italian, with strong sense of spectacule and correct with the particulars. In Italy is very underrated, I don't know why. "Ace high" is, probably, his best western. It's also hard to see his movies in tv. You can only see every summertime "Arrivano Joe e Margherito", but this is not his best. I hope one day critics rediscover the art of this modest, hard worker artigian of the screen.
"I Capture the Castle" is a coming-of-age flick (circa 1930) about a 17 year old English girl whose family takes up residence in a castle. A delightfully lyrical tale, the film spends time with the eccentric father suffering from terminal writer's block, the step-mother who likes to romp in the altogether, a sister who marries Cassandra's love, a handyman/boy who loves Cassandra, and sundry other characters. Humorous and plaintive, whimsical and surly, but always romantic, "...Castle" is a chick flick which scored well with males and critics as well. Worth a look for anyone into English period films about the awakenings in a young woman and unrequited love. (B+)
BORN IN EAST L.A. looks more like a threat to society than a comedy based on a Bruce Springsteen parody. Cheech Marin goes solo in this unfunny farce as a U.S. citizen who is wrongly deported to Mexico and tries to make it back to his L.A. home. Cheech tries his best to make it in Hollywood on his own, but without Chong, the hilarity just isn't there, and the movie's message is dismally pointless. A huge turkey with lots and lots of cheese on top of it. I'm sure that will be delicious, especially for Americans and Hispanics who dislike crap like this. 0 out of 5
When I heard that they were making a new Sherlock Holmes to be shown at Christmas and that Rupert would be playing the lead, I was quite excited. The trailers looked promising. Unfortunately, then I watched the program and I was really disappointed. The story was dull and felt rushed. I was disappointed also with Everett's performance which lacked the spark or energy shown by Jeremy Brett when he played Holmes in the TV series. Alas I don't think it was anywhere as good as The Hound of The Baskervilles that was on the other year, which had Richard Roxburgh as Holmes; he was much better.
I first saw Explorers when I was 6, not long after the movie came out and still remains a film that can be watched again. Even though this under rated movie by Joe (Gremlins) Dante is for kids I still love watching it and it fulfills all kids dreams who look up at the stars and wonder what the heck is out there. The only bad comment i have on the film is the 2nd half when they actually encounter the aliens. It gets a bit silly but hay i don't think we complained as kids. Well worth a purchase on DVD when it comes out.
I absolutely loved it (ARC)! The acting, wardrobe, cinematography and everything else in the film was utterly amazing. The film's movement kept me intently watching and guessing. And if that wasn't enough, the final message revealing the plot was beautiful. The character developments - and changes as the film progressed - was unexpected but perfectly understandable. It was highly believable that anyone under these circumstances would behave and change the same way. And, lastly, the way the film used black and white and color, and the meanings thereof, was brilliant. I will see this one over and over again. --- Jay Rossi (The Jay Rossi Project)
This is an awesome production. 4 DVD's and almost all of the show. It includes highlights of the day including Queen, Black Sabbath, and The Pretenders. I bought 4 of them and gave three to friends for Christmas. The list of artists includes many hugely influential musicians, including David Bowie, Eric Clapton, Madonna, Elton John, Neil Young, the Beach Boys, Paul McCartney, U2, The Who, Sting, Bryan Adams, and many more. This release features more than ten hours of performances and a documentary called FOOD, TRUCKS & ROCK N' ROLL. Proceeds earned from this release go to the Band Aid Trust, which provides food to hungry people in Africa
This movie was excellent. It's about a middle-aged, middle class single mother with two kids who unknowingly breaks the law. She is then arrested, convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison. She finds out about these stupid laws that can send you to prison even for just answering a phone call or driving someone somewhere. She appeals her case to courts for seven long years. She never gives up. She released from prison and has her sentence commuted. This law The War on Drugs, was made in the '80s. Although, it makes no sense it was passed. Currently they are trying to get these laws abolished.
A noteworthy member of the post-nuclear apocalypse genre of film that adds admirably to the body of opinion of what the world would be like after an all out nuclear war. More sensible than the fantasy treatment of movies such as "Road Warrior" or "A Boy and His Dog", but not so dismal as "The Day After", this movie gives a bit more feel of what really might happen after a Nuclear confrontation, but has enough action and adventure to make for a good film. The movie is somewhat unpolished, but pleasingly gruesome (as a movie dealing with nuclear war must be). I gave it a 7 of 10.
For every brilliant movie John Woo makes ("The Killer", "Face/Off") there seem to be at least 2 incredibly bad ones ("Hard Target", "Mission: Impossible 2", and of course this lame piece of **** called "Broken Arrow". while the action scenes are not a total loss, they could have been a lot better. Whatever good action there is, is brought down by extremely poor dialogue, a completely over-the-top bad guy (John Travolta, not as poor here as in "Battlefield Earth", but coming very close), and incredibly boring hero (Christian Slater) and just way too many cliches. Do yourself a favor. Watch Face/Off instead * out of **** stars
The actual nice things in the movie are small details like the secret eating of the walnut by the elder sister,like the scene of epilepsy attack of Deli Omer...- In the beginning of the movie,there was a scene o a cat moving around a man crying which is shot totally incidentally,is making you feel good ,happy but not...and immediately after the dead man comes alive and you feel peculiar... During all the time,during all that childish love stories you actually expect the explanation of that coming back to life scene and it is explained actually in the end when Recep promises Deli Omer to bring alive his dead wife.
I LOVE this anime. It's my second favorite (After One Piece). The girls are all so cute(Especially Rena and Rika *Ni-pah!*). The story's original, and the characters all have wonderful personalities. However this anime does get very dark at times and may not be suitable for everyone as it DOES contain stuff like murder, child abuse, child torture, beatings, and the story keeps going back which may get on some peoples' nerves. However, aside from all this, it really is a great anime and in my opinion, is a true masterpiece in both story and horror. A must see for any horror fan. BEWARE THE KILLER LOLIS.
"Buying the Cow" is an extremely well written, highly quotable, overlooked gem of a comedy. Ron Livingston, Ryan Reynolds, and everyone involved must have had a blast making this. If you enjoy the way "Swingers" exposes male insecurities, "Buying the Cow" is your movie. This is definitely one of the best comedies that no one has ever heard of. After you see "Buying the Cow", you will likely be telling your friends, both male and female, that you have discovered comedy gold. The DVD has minimal extras, but with mega-multiple viewing value you won't care. Run, don't walk and rent "Buying the Cow", you will love it. - MERK
Daisuke Yamanouchi's "Mu Zan E" is about a young journalist,who is searching for snuff movies.The film shows us a snuff/porn making underground industry ala "Last House on Dead End Street" or "Tesis".It's extremely grim and gory and it pulls no punches with its sheer nastiness.There are some incredibly revolting scenes of gore and sexual violence,so fans of Japanese pinku eiga sickies won't be disappointed.It seems to me that Japanese culture is loaded with sadism and bloodletting and this carries over into the realms of cinema and literature.Anyway,if you're a fan of the "Guinea Pig" series or "Cannibal Holocaust" you can't miss this one.However if you're squeamish don't watch it!
It's a good movie to get know a profile of the religious Muslims, to get know "sects" and the amazing, fascinating worship of them. To find answers to the questions like; "how does a sect process and what's happening inside of a sect?". But it doesn't give a political message, a movie that "sit on the fence". But I congratulate the director for at least his bravery to submit these kind of sources and to try to answer some questions or to ask some questions. The main actor Erkan Can has a great performance. Besides the musics that are made by Replicas, (Gokce Akcelik) are great. Enjoy...
Brad Dourif gives an excellent performance (as always), and the plot has an intriguing symbolic feel to it.I had the impression the artist could represent the "shadow" archetype of Father Tyrone, and the of Christian symbolism is interesting. It could have been a really good movie, but it's dragged down by the rest of the cast - particularly the overacted, one dimensional "mad artist", the seedy atmosphere and the corny score. Oh yes, and I don't understand why people are praising the paintings. They were, as the art dealer said, "self indulgent overrated crap". Still, the film is worth watching, if for nothing else than for Dourif's performance alone,
Got to be the funniest and fastest Avery cartoon there is, the best "modern" slant on the red riding hood story, with the wolf lusting after Red Hot at every opportunity. Note the reference to the wartime car tyre shortage with the line...."I can even get you a set of white wall tyres!" I,ve seen the 'toon loads of times and it always never fails to make me laugh long and loud. Working as a projectionist in the cinema I have also shown the toon, and on examining the print it is really noticeable that many frames have been cut out when "Red" makes an appearance. Enjoy the toon!
A shoddily directed and poorly written knockoff of pretty much every other fighting tournament movie-- except, as bad as other movies of this genre are, at least they pull off the formula. The training sequence, a staple of the "fighting tournament" B-movie, is a perfect microcosm of how the movie is as a whole; shabby, questionable in logic and technique, sparse in action and intelligence, heavy on clichés, and despite the possible enjoyment one could get from how bad it is, simply uninteresting. Many unnecessary scenes, absolutely terrible dialogue, and wafer-thin characters played by uninterested actors who stumble through half-improvised dialogue make this "movie" a complete waste of time.
As a Dutch gay man I am ashamed that this movie was made here. There is not one good thing about it. And the other review here is simply nonsense. This movie isn't even worth mentioning in the same sentence as the other movies referenced there, and I won't. The acting is horrible, the story is retarded and the poster art is offensive. Please do not watch this movie, you might get a very wrong impression of the Dutch gay scene. Also please do not think anyone involved with this movie has any respect in the Netherlands. This might just be the worst movie ever made...
I've been a fan of BOTTOM and YOUNG ONES for years, since I was 11 to be exact (Im 20 now!!) and I hadnt seen nothing until I saw the BOTTOM LIVE videos!!!! Okay the second one was a wee bit iffy for me but still I loved it!! The parrot was funny especially when everyone applauded and Ade says "Thats right give the lump of plastic an applause!!". The way they improvise when something goes wrong (missing lines- Rik's speciality, tripping over wires, doors flying open) is PURE CLASSIC! The improvisation bits always crack me up, leaving me in utter stitches!!! Go.....see.......now!!! H xxxxx
I was expecting to be grossly disappointed by this sequel, after the first offering which blew me away ((being a Newcastle fan and all)) I was pleasantly surprised however at the ease at which the story flowed between Santiago's time at Newcastle, to his blossoming career at Real Madrid. A real heartbreaking moment was when he allowed the money and dizzy heights of his new found fame go to his head, and pushed away the lovely Roz. An upside however was Santiago finally finding his long lost mother and a stepbrother he never knew he had... All in all, a rollicking good watch for all concerned.
Belligerent baseball team Gashouse Gorillas are truly a mean bunch. And they have no trouble making 96 points while the other team still has nothing. That is, until Bugs Bunny as the opposing team is playing every position. Then, it's really time to play ball! You'll never forget the final sequence. "Baseball Bugs" was one of the many classic Looney Tunes cartoons on which Mel Blanc and that whole crowd collaborated. Seeing how great this cartoon is (no to mention how great the other classic Looney Tunes cartoons were), I gotta wonder what it must have been like actually creating the cartoons. They must have really had fun!
It's very simple, if you enjoyed Urotsukidoji: Legend of the Overfiend, you should enjoy this Urotsukidoji outing. It has more Demon and Man-beast action....action meaning rape and gore. That's right! Monster Rape and bloody gore! Throw in the characters from the first one like Megumi and that little flying gimp monkey thing, and you're right back at home. My only gripe with this flick was that it ended way too abruptly. It did set up for the next outing, but it made it feel like a TV series....but it was 84 minutes long. Eh, whatever. I'm still gonna find it, watch it and love it. Urotsukidoji forever!!
Once again Ferrara attracts big star names to a small picture with large ambitions. This film would have made a great gangster saga but Ferrara and writer St. John are more interested about the characters than the story. What occurs on the surface may be minimal and very uncreative but deep within you enter the souls of each character who question their values as they mourn the death of a family member. Each one carrying a dilemma to the very surprising ending. This film could have been set in any era as it deals with intelligent issues such as the complex male macho image as questioned by Sciorra's character.
This film would have made a great gangster saga but Ferrara and writer St. John are more interested about the characters then the story. What occurs on the surface may be minimal and very uncreative but deep within you enter the souls of each character who question their values as they mourn the death of a family member. Each one carrying a dilemma to the very surprising ending. This film could have been set in any era as it deals with intelligent issues such as the complex male macho image as questioned by Sciorra's character. Another interesting piece from Ferrara who goes for the mind and leaves you silent.
Possible Spoilers There is no sence comparing this film with the first one they are completely different movies. The first movie is an exercise in horror and scaredthe crap out of me, the sequel (although there are a number of scary scenes, when they see the manifestation of sadako and her mother for example) is more of a thriller come mystery movie. The only really major disappointment in this movie is how sadako is manifested, in the first she was a faceless unstoppable force but in the sequel (except the scene in the well when she is quite literally faceless) she is portrade as a normallish girl........just a disapointment.
Overall, it's a nice movie for Xu as her second movie as both the director and the leading actress. The adaptation is so natural that nobody would regard the story as a "non-Chinese" one. The music is great with Lin Hai, the outstanding composer. The sound of Pipa goes smoothly with the movie, typical Chinese which fits the time background. As for the actors...Well, here is by what I mean "it could be better". Jiang Wen isn't that suitable for this part as "the man", Xu Jinglei(the director herself) isn't mother-like enough for the part as "the woman". Some supporting roles are quite good, eg. the old servant... Voila.
Finally a movie about Native-Americans by Native-Americans. Okay, so some of them are Canadian, so perhaps we should add "Aboriginal." Many of the actors have appeared in other U.S. as well as Canadian films of and about Aboriginal peoples but I'm sure I have never seen a film so dominated by them. And one of them has the courage to say it is not the current generations of "white eyes" who stole their lands, but our forefathers, Gen. Custer, President Grant, John Wayne, etc. This should be required showing in every U.S. and Canadian history class but of course the fundies would most certainly object because of the mysticism.
An interesting look at a house of drughead punks/homeless types in late 1970s/early 80s Australia (someone said Melbourne eh? That'd figure...certainly wasn't Brisbane! :-) ) Kinda like the Sid and Nancy of Oz, including the bittersweet ending. Although it's been years since I saw this film, and it's not available anywhere in the States (although I did see a copy in a Sydney video rental place...anyone wanna sell me one?) I distinctly recall Michael Hutchence's gloomy smackhead character experiencing THE most realistic acid trip at a party I've ever seen on film (and trust me, that's sayin something). Pretty plot less, yes, but worth it just for that scene.
well i saw the trailer... i thought it looked like a fun and interesting movie. But was i wrong! wow ... for a start.. the 3 main leads .. who i have liked on screen in the past..were given dreary dialogue .. The characters were all so unlikable, the story.. what story?!.. it just wasn't worth being made.. it told nothing. they had to stick a stupid funeral scene in for some visual effects OK i might be a little harsh .. it was well shot.. but thats all its got going for it. please avoid this pretentious rubbish.. i cant believe it got so many favorable votes.
A washed-up boxer is given a magical chance to win an important fight, thanks to the "big, tall wish" of a little boy who idolizes him. This is one of the most underrated episodes of the series, featuring brilliant performances from Ivan Dixon as the fighter and Steven Perry as the boy. Remarkable for its time as a TV episode featuring African-American actors in flesh-and-blood roles, but had nothing whatsoever to do with civil rights issues. Serling's sensitive script and innovative direction also help create a beautiful and superbly realized story about the importance of faith, and the tragedy of the cynicism that age and experience can create.
This film is a sleeper. I had never heard of it an hour and ten minutes ago, and just caught it on television. William Powell's performance is outstanding. My own delightful surprise find was Aline MacMahon, who was sublime as the Countess; what a beauty she was. The sound and visual effects as shown on TCM are crisp and clear. It's a solid film that belongs on DVD. I suspect we will never get the chance to own it for home viewing because of its age-1932, and the unfortunate trend of too many to dislike or ignore films older than six months
this movie had a great premise, but failed to develop it in an intelligent manner. the crazy time shifting was the main frustrating element. the best performance was given by the sly pi, and since he wasn't a central character - this gives you an indication of the films quality. the plot was developed so plainly, it was almost insulting to the intelligence - leaving nothing to the imagination. the time shifts were also guilty of this - leaving the viewer frustrated "get on with it!!!". a great movie for those who have trouble working out difficult plot construction - ie six year-olds, but the violence precludes this unfortunately.
One of the best Rts ever, and one of the best game ever made, everything in this game is almost perfect, the story, the characters, the playability, the soundtrack, the graphics, the videos, everything. "Starcratf" is one the most well succeeded internet game ever,it moved millions of people to play in the internet(battle-net). Starcraft have three races: Terran(humans), Zerg (a primitive race of alien) and Protoss(an evaluated alien race), they fighting each other to take control of the entire universe. Personally i like all "Blizzard" games, but this one its special. If you like Starcrat\BroodWar i recommend: "Warcraft 2 and 3"(Blizzard), "Comand and Conquer: Tiberian Sun" (Westwood)
Central Park West is quite simply one of the best soaps ever and it was really cheap of CBS to cancel it after only 21 episodes. This was such a terrific, trendy and very well-acted show with some of the most intriguing storylines ever. All the actors did remarkable jobs, especially Raquel Welch. Another thing that is so great about CPW is that it wasn't so completely wild, stupid, idiotic and over the top like Melrose often was. It was just one season, yes, but what a season! CPW had sophistication, style and great lines. I'm just waiting for a similar and equally entertaining TV series to show up.
Funny and educational, this is the story of outsourcing. Todd (Josh Hamilton) has to go to India to train call center workers in how to do it the American way. It is a riot as they try to learn American customs, and he has to learn Indian ways. Ayesha Dharker (Queen Jamilla in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones) really made this film. She was funny and pointed out Todd's errors and educated him in Indian ways. Of course, things do get heated between them. A funny twist at the end causes Todd to reevaluate his life and focus on what is really important.
i found this look inside the life of one woman in the adult film business interesting.for whatever reason,she allowed a camera crew to to follow her around,not just while working but also during her personal life.she seemed very candid and opened her self up.and allowed herself to be very vulnerable.or at least it appears that way.but it's clear she's also a tragic figure.regardless,the film is an entertaining piece and somewhat revealing.you see someone as a human being,and not just as a sex object.as interesting as the film is,there are no real revelations.and,when you get right down to it,it's still a sad subject.for me,The Girl Next Door is a 7/10
Let me start out by saying, I like the I like the Olsen twins - smart, cute girls, but this movie blew. They should stick with the straight to video flicks that have made them so rich and famous. The bling scene was so unbelievably stupid, it was hard to comprehend that they weren't retching as they were filming it. Where are these merchants that give away free service, clothes etc.??? The unnecessary wrap up at the end where the guys end up going to London...the butchering of David Bowie's song...the lame dancing...the list of reasons why this movie sucked is absolutely endless. Poor Reynaldo.
it is a knock-off of butterfly effect, and the acting is sub-par. But keep in mind this is aimed towards kids, who won't typically care about acting. BUT, very enjoyable storyline, many of the scenes playing right out of your half-forgotten memories. Audio track feels thin at times (some scenes are not scored), but the indie-sounding songs are fantastic. Overall, had a great underdog feel that has you rooting for the side of good, and lets you forgive the failures in the film's production. P.S. the hilarious DVD menu alone was worth the $1 rental for me! rent it, even if it's just for you
Could have been made by Kubrick, and if it had been, everyone would be saying what an insightful view of humanity it is. Like so many of Kubrick's films, Candy shows how no matter WHAT high-sounding excuses men give for their actions, they are really just animals seeking power, status, and mainly, sex. As someone else here said, Candy shows how men are devious and conniving creatures who will try every dirty trick in the book to get into the pants of an attractive young girl. I only wish I could know what Kubrick thought of this film. I bet he liked it. I know I did.
Seth Green and Matt Senreich have invented something absolutely hilarious! This old-school stop-frame animation is a welcome departure from normal animated comedies. Totally fresh and with sick twists included everywhere, 'Robot Chicken' raises the bar for other new comedies. Action figures find new life as players in this frenetic sketch-comedy and the results are hilarious. Celebrities are satirized and pulverized, stereotypes are taken further than ever before, and TV shows/Films play the central role in creating what I think is possibly one of the best shows around (along with 'Family Guy' and 'American Dad') If anyone has any other shows that are in the same vain, please tell me.
In "Shanghai Triad", Yi-Mou Zhang trains his lens on a gangster's girlfriend and her young servant boy as the mob lurks in the background doing what mobs do. A character study which focuses on Li Gong's wonderful portrayal of a kept woman whose singing and beauty took her from peasant life to wealthy emptiness, there's little story to be found as the film moves serenely from cabaret song and dance numbers to pastoral scenic beauty. Those who appreciate the Chinese culture will enjoy this lyric and beautiful film the most. For many westerners, however, there will not enough of a story arc to make for a satisfying watch. (B)
Based on the comics, the movie X-Men, while there are many important characters, follows Marie a.k.a. Rogue and Logan a.k.a Wolverine, who discover Professor Xavier and his "X-Men" as Logan labels them (Scott a.k.a. Cyclops, Jean Grey, Ororo a.k.a Storm), who help them after an accident. However, they soon discover that the Brotherhood, led by Magneto (or Erik), plans on using them for a scheme, which he tested on a Senator first. I think everyone's good, but it's always hard when there's at least two Oscar winners, two Shakespearian actors and some other awards winners. If you like action films (which I do), this is a definite must-see.
Joyous high school students are celebrating their recent graduation. A big dance is planned and a short vacation trip to an Alpine lake. A group of the students become concerned when each receives a text message warning of their death in three days. Most believe it is a sick joke from a fellow classmate that has a vendetta...and if so, who and why? Things get real serious when a student is found dead. Now surviving students fear time is running out before they figure out the motivation and identification of the killer. The cast includes: Sabrina Reiter, Julian Sharp, Julia Rosa Stockl, Laurence Rupp, Nadja Vogel and Karl Fischer.
Such a witty movie, lot's of 'moments'. Clive Owen, a ronin sort of being, has a baby - actually the delivery scene is a hoot - and he sets out to feed it and protect it. This is much better humor, drama and better visuals than 800 and yet in the same comic book-style genre. But live. It's exciting and very fast-paced. But mainly tongue in cheek. Great editing and direction.The editing and film effects can throw you off at the start but hang in there - it's worth it. Once you get into the idiom you're hooked. If you don't laugh you're dead. See it.
This witty and touching film considers the difficulties of cross-cultural relationships, in this case a relationship between an American man and a French woman. While the film sometimes relies on stereotypes (particularly with some of the minor characters), it also presents rich, fleshed- out characters that are clearly individuals with their own histories and experiences that they and those around them have to contend with. The film does not spare either Americans or the French in its critical look at the two cultures and the ways they affect the interactions of the two main characters. Both Delpy and Goldberg deliver fine performances, and the script offers plenty of laughs.
This is the best of Mike Myers's films to date. I know that it's not the most popular but it represents the intelligent humor that Myers is capable of but chooses not to explore for apparent commercial reasons. It is a pity that SNL's "movie stars" have all become "Sandlered" by releasing teen targeted movies with few genuinely funny moments. I only hope that with future success Mike Myers will take over Woody Allen's throne. Hollywood could do worse than release films with integrity by artists whose following grows yearly rather than the current dustbin classics of late. An artist is young only once; but can remain immature indefinitely.
...to spend a paragraph talking about, that is. But what is curious about the movie, which is quite awful even by the widest margins of quality, is why the director insists on shooting the action sequences as if he was re-making Spielberg's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN. The effect doesn't make the movie any better, simply because its action scenes are just, well, terrible. And then prisoners turned ghosts appears and more foolishness happens. Then there are the characters whose only reason to exist is to get in the hero's way. Oy. 2 out of 10 (go to www.nixflix.com for a more detailed review of the film)
In the mid-1980s Joe D'Amato made largely soft pornos and this is one of the better ones, despite being filmed in the US (his Italian films tend to be better). Following the commercial success of "11 days, 11 nights", this was marketed as a sequel, but it is rather more like a remake, and it is a slight improvement on the original. Both films were clearly inspired by "9 and a half weeks" (there is also a nod to Zulawski's Femme Publique) but D'Amato changed the story by putting the woman in control, a modification which works very well. No cinematic masterpiece, but a superior example of the genre.
The film is creative and really well-made. I can only imagine the difficulties that face children when their parents get divorced, but the film also includes the anxieties of teenagers something that most people can relate to in one way or another. Alcohol, sex, masturbation as well as the radical change in behaviour of some teenagers especially with expressing their hurt at school and with other relationships. An upsetting scene in the film was when the girlfriend of the older son says that her mum doesn't like her dating him because his parents are divorced, and that that bad relationship might reflect on their relationship. Great movie!
Well, I read a review of this movie, and it didn't sound too promising. However, it had been relentlessly plugged by one of my best friends (who happens to be Indian) and she practically forced me to watch it. I'm really glad she did. This was a hilarious portrayal of a Indian-American guy trying to come to terms with his heritage, all while his hormones were raging. I admit, if I had watched it by myself, I probably wouldn't have been all that impressed. But with my friend there to explain all the cultural and religious references and jokes, it was a truly unique, educational and wholly funny experience.
This is a low budget and very accurate portrayal of the world inside a big advertising agency. The movie isn't that great unless you have worked in that field specifically as a creative or as an account executive. first time I saw it I thought it was lame but with time and appreciation for independent films I developed a special appreciation for this movie after working at an advertising agency for 3 years. It's a must see for anyone who feels like entering that career. If anyone has a copy or a DVD of this please let me know I would like to buy one. Enjoy
um do you guys know the entry song?along with the credits?. i really find the songs very good and would to hear the WHOLE song.so does anyone? cause this would be greatly appreciate.! Thank you.=) Also this show is like really freaking awesome. i loved it..i watch it every night at 10 pm. this show really represents a lot of lives today,and i find it such an impact on me. Also on the Other question,is there going to be anymore seasons/newer shows coming out?.i never saw past the show when Harrison made that request Wishing he was never born..because it started from the whole thing again.
1 night. 5 cab drivers, 5 fares, 5 different cities. 5 stories pass between passenger and driver as one of the worlds best contemporary directors Jim Jarmusch takes us around the world and back, in stories about cultural adaptation, following your bliss, sex and death, and the depths of love and... pain, some in more detail than others. The last two with the priest and the "saddest story in the world" stand out the clearest in my mind. Alternately funny and reflective, but always entertaining, this is definitely Jarmusch' most accessible, and also one of his most compelling. Great film maker, and great moment for "world cinema".
Its a movie, which combines successfully made music with flash-back scenes therefore it affects the audience easily. It makes you laugh and cry at the same time, at least while you're watching the whole movie. Words are not enough for this one actually. It should be seen by anyone, not only the teenagers but the parents or adults. Thanks to all crew who made this movie. You made me think that the Turkish movie industry isn't over yet. Now I see, we're still able to make fantastic movies. In the conclusion; its a good movie, well, second thought: one of the best, I might say :)
As i said, jet li at his best. Nice movie, but with a slightly thin storyline (but i didn't expect a fair drama though) Written partly by my favorite director ...luc besson, quite noticeable though. Credits must also go to the director (Chris Nahon) , making this movie as your first movie ever is a great earning !! Last but not least, credits to this crazy french guy (Tchéky Karyo)from "bad boys" (fouchet) ...i really like the creepy types he plays so well! although i really like this movie ....i still wouldn't want a kiss of the dragon though (you'll understand after seeing the movie) Germy
"Winstanley", directed by Andrew Mollo and Kevin Brownlow, is a true masterpiece of British Independent Cinema. The talent of these two film makers in unquestionable. Their vision of 17th Century England has never been bettered. Andrew Mollo's attention to period detail is unsurpassed resulting in costumes and design that are simply faultless. The cinematography is breathtaking and Kevin Brownlow's editing is masterful. Miles Haliwell plays the lead part of Gerrard Winstanley and he gives a moving and insightful performance. This is a must see film the like of which we may never see again. I am sure it taught Kubrick a lesson or two about filming period dramas.
Good god this show deviates hugely from the comic book and movie. In fact I liked this this TV show the first time round when it was called sliders. SCI FI give the money to star gate Atlantis or for another Babylon 5 movie. But 22 episodes of a sliders rip off. I don't even want to say its flash Gordon I mean he is just a small town athlete, nothing that great and he is trying to save his father. OH the acting sucks as well. They could of at least used the music from queen and tried to make it campy. But nope.
James Woods is a great actor and this is one of his best roles. It's nothing more than a B picture, but Woods is great as Lloyd Hopkins a bad cop in a bad city. He's the kind of cop who picks up on the bad guys girlfriend after he shoots him dead on the street. It's got a lot of good scenes with Woods at his best and a knockout ending. It also has sexy Randi Brooks and Charles Durning for support. Lesley Ann Warren also does a fine job as a chainsmoking Lesbian poet. This movie is highly reccommended. Put it in the VCR and hold on.
There's a new exploited class in the Western world. The illegal immigrants. Since they've got no papers, they will take any work, any wage, any risks. And there are people who are just too eager to help them. The main person here is fired from a recruiting agency. She starts her own and also starts to exploit people like she's been exploited. The free world means almost slavery, since people without papers have no rights. But those who provide companies with such labour force can easily become the victims in this perverted order. Another Ken Loach movie which put the unpleasant questions. And gives the unpleasant answers.
I thought this was one of the most thought-provoking and powerful films I've ever seen based on this subject. When I read about this story awhile back, I was galled by what happened to her. J.D. Pardo and Mercedes Ruehl certainly shine in their performances. This should have been made as a major motion picture, and not relegated to being a made-for-TV movie. That being said, however, I salute Lifetime for being brave enough to produce it! It reminds me of another brave film, called "Soldier's Girl" from 2003, also a made-for-TV movie, which was also extremely well-done. A standing ovation for everyone involved in both of these productions!
You had better bring some... though not the standard light-hearted fare Dunne and Grant had performed in before, this film is a classic example of an American tear jerker. The film winds you though these flashbacks while you wait to fall deeper into their despair, knowing it will happen. It's like hitting some cute furry animal and then standing there.. watching it... you'd know whats coming. A great story and dramatic comedy its very well acted... films such as 'Terms of Endearment' and 'Beaches' learned their lessons here. If you enjoy this film, I definitely recommend the Grant / Dunne 'screwball' comedy "My Favorite Wife".
I loved this show from the very first episode. Darkwing Duck makes an excellent and very realistic hero, one that makes blunders and mistakes, but always does his best to overcome them. He's devoted to his chosen position as St.Canard's protector, and he has a very normal weakness: his ego. His adopted daughter Gosalyn is spunky, but sweet. She's always adding spice, humor, and unique twists to the show. I can't forget Launchpad, DW's ignorant, but devoted sidekick. Without him, Darkwing might not have been so lucky in his cases. Or maybe not... Anyway, if any of these characters were missing, the show would have been can-celled long before.
The Age of Innocence is simply the best work by director Martin Scorcese and is deservedly entitled to the numerous accolades it has received. Mr. Scorcese's style and panache is elaborate in his film adaptation of Edith Wharton's moving novel of a forbidden love and the desideration between the two. Pfeiffer gives the most heart-wrenching performance as the object of desire. Daniel Day Lewis, equally talented, is the tortured lover who must choose, a promise of marriage to Mae (Winona Ryder) or risk his stalwart reputation in society to express his love for Pfeiffer. The cinematography is beautiful and the cast phenomenal. I highly recommend this film to everyone.
This series was the kind of thing that made TV worth it a quarter century ago. Written by the English novelist Frederick Raphael from his book, it was more than a little autobiographic, and carried the flavour of the 50s and 60s, while avoiding many of the clichés this period evokes. The TV series was Intelligent, wry, literate, subtle, with brilliant acting. In post-war England, it followed a group of students at Cambridge, with their hopes, affairs, confrontations with life, and, later, disillusionments and achievements. It's impossible to explain how truly intelligent the writing is; this has to be experienced. We NEED it on DVD!
Death 4 Told is what it is- a low budget "Creep Show"-esk horror film filled with cameos and loaded with zombies, gore, haunted houses and cheesy valley girl screams; a b-horror film lover's dream! The film is put together very creatively through the twisted eye of writer/director Bo Buckley and the "star" of the movie, Margot Kidder, gives a wonderful performance backed strongly by a slew of very talented new comers and old hats that should not be overlooked. This very "un-mainstream" level film is a horror gem that is absolutely worth a peek and I look forward to the future blood-covered delights created by the fearmakers team.
Keane is one of the finest films ever made. It is an intense "edge of your seat" movie about a difficult subject - mental illness, poverty, and the impact of these conditions on an innocent child. The director, Lodge Kerrigan and the leading actor, Damian Lewis (in an outstanding performance) manage to show us Keane's world with empathy and unflinching realism. It is the type of movie that stays in your mind for a long time. I hope the film receives the recognition deserved because it is a stand-out. Quality independent films should be rewarded and encouraged and are too-often overlooked. If you get the chance, see this movie!
This movie, simply put, is Charles Bronson at his absolute best, and proves that he does indeed have the ability to handle drama/suspense. He delivers an extremely convincing performance which is, arguably, his very best. It is too bad that this movie is as obscure as it is, because if it had been produced state-side and been more mainstream, he might have enjoyed a much more critically-acclaimed career, deserving of a lifetime achievement Academy Award. However, this is not the case and die-hard Bronson fans get to enjoy this little gem while the rest of the world misses out because they were too busy shunning the unfairly typecast Bronson.
Watching the beautifully restored print on TCM, I had to remind myself that this was the early 1930's; it has a certain contemporary feel, which belies the fact the film was made 70 years ago. What seems "blatantly racist" in 2004 was really quite realistic in 1934, not to mention that the novel was written some years before that. An audience needs to accept the storyline as is, and marvel in the excellent production of the picture and the marvelous performances. I found it to be historical rather than dated...although that last line is, inarguably, ridiculous. Watch it, enjoy it...that sure don't make 'em like THAT any more!
I found this film to be severely irritating and tacky. Flash Gordon resembles a zealous fitness fanatic as he traverses space dressed in lycra and using what appears to be some sort of treadmill as his main form of transportation. Also, the flying monkeys/humans, which I am supposing must either be a complete yet poorly done copy of those in "The Wizard of Oz" or the missing links between chimpanzees, humans and bats. Sadly, "The Wizard of Oz" despite being made nearly fifty years beforehand had higher quality special effects as concerns flying primates. The costumes are atrocious, really, I hope whoever designed them got stiffed on their salary.
In this tremendous film Hulk Hogan plays a really brilliant and inspirational character called Dave Dragon and he runs around being BADASS with his amazing theme tune and also he beats up loads of bad guys with his little chums who all suck at acting. This film is basically ninjas (rubbish ninjas) getting beaten up by little kids for ages, while rubbish bad guys go about executing their rubbish plans. Hulk Hogan doesn't really do much in it and his theme tune doesn't get played anywhere near as much as it should. All in all I would say watch this movie because it's got Hulk Hogan in it.
We recently screened this film for our English class and I found it to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. There are WAY to many closeups of this actress, the plot was very weak, the props were poorly manufactured, and the sound was unbearable. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM. The film shouldn't have been released to the United States and should have just stayed in Bollywood land where it belongs. This film is neither shocking nor riveting. I can't believe how many people liked this film. A group of normal college kids from Chicago all unanimously agreed that this film was complete trash.
Before watching the movie I looked on the "reliable" IMDb site to see what type of movies this is. "Comedy / Romance" ???? are you people crazy??? Comedy??? I was really in the mood for something funny and enjoyable, and instead I found myself watching a Drama/Romance , a story about broken, sad people. I only had the patience to watch half of the movie, probably I missed a great ending, probably... I wanted something funny, the category in which this movie was placed was "Comedy", I ended up watching something totally different. If this is a Comedy then it's the worst I've ever seen.
"Le boulet" is the perfect definition for the word "disaster" : it happens when untalented French movie-makers try to do a parody of a bad Bud Spencer-Terence Hill buddy movie. "Le boulet" is the proof that the French cultural exception is really about to die. The presence of Benoit Poelvoorde is this unbelievable cinematographic shipwreck is the only positive element : Scenario : 0/10 Direction : 1/10 FX : 3/10 Actors (except Lanvin and Poelvoorde ): 1/10 Images : 2/10 G. Lanvin : 4/10 B. Poelvoorde : 6/10 Total : 2.4/10 (I still have the feeling that I over-rated this trainwreck)
Perhaps the Wagner clan found making it cathartic, but for the viewer it is merely punishment. Not rising to the truly repulsive, the infantile self-absorption of the cast would drive most any non-Wagner to claw his or her way out of the speeding van even at the risk of life and limb. The quirky annoyance factor of the cast (particulary of the straw-chewing patriarch) is not matched by an emotional pay-off. The (spoiler alert! z-z-z-z-z...) reconciliation is utterly toothless. These people SHOULD be separated. This indie movie is scary in that it shows how little money and little talent are required to get drek produced nowadays.
This could very well be the worst piece of musical theater ever preserved on film. "Highlights" include the Egyptian who Moses stabs coming out to the scene with the knife visibly already in his belly, all the closeups of Kilmer's gut, a Hebrew apparently having a seizure as Miriam sings "Horns of Jericho", the song Horns of Jericho itself, as that story doesn't even happen until after Moses' death, and the fact that outside of Moses, Ramses, Joshua and Aaron no character's name is ever mentioned, leaving you to guess who is who. If you are looking for something genuinely terrible for a laugh definitely pick this one up.
How could anybody have not seen through this sham of writing?! 1. This man-child would have been locked up YEARS ago! 2. Who, in God's name, let's someone in that condition be responsible for their own medication? 3. The "Lord" leaves the mansion BEFORE the nurse arrives? Ridiculous!! 4. After killing his mother, he's still loose? Then, apparently not searched, he still has the knife at the funeral!!! I don't care how bad off the family were financially, in their position this neglect would never have been realistic. I literally wanted to confiscate the world's copy's and destroy them!! This was LAUGHABLY bad. Infintile in it's ridiculous depictions. Pathetic!
Well, comparing this movie with romantic comedy like Hum Tum or some other will not be justified This is a very different movie with a very bold story...may be Indian audience is not ready for this. This movie is made with extraordinary outfits which are really imaginary...characters are imaginary too i mean the whole movie was full of CRAP (said 50 times by Saif) ...cmmon Indian film makers...just because Hum Tum was a HIT does not mean you can make us fool. Yes there were positives and Negatives in the movie as they are in all movies...but it went really boring at times... could have been better
If you like horrible, campy movies, you might like "Kill Squad". But the real problem is we were serious when we made it. oops. I never made a penny on this movie. I guess that's o.k. Most of you were very kind in your comments Thank you for that. Your nice people. Someone mentioned that they bought the movie on Ebay for 6 cents. That was still too much to pay.I hope you never have the depressed shock to shoot a movie and have your voice looped without your permission or notice.There's nothing like the feeling of being laughed at by movie goers in Norway. Jeff Risk
It's too bad that this couldn't have been a year without "The Year Without a Santa Claus" remake. I'll have a blue Christmas (since I've seen you.) This belongs on the Island of Misfit Remakes. Where's the Burgermeister when you need something burned? Rankin/Bass are probably spinning like the original Snow Miser after this. I let my six-year-old stay up for this...how do I justify letting him stay up past his bedtime for a waste of two hours of his young life. Whoever was approached with this idea should have told the instigator to put one foot in front of the other and walk right out the door.
We recently screened this film for our English class and I found it to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. There are WAY to many closeups of this actress, the plot was very weak, the props were poorly manufactured, and the sound was unbearable. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM. The film shouldn't have been released to the United States and should have just stayed in Bollywood land where it belongs. This film is neither shocking nor riveting. I can't believe how many people liked this film. A group of normal college kids from Chicago all unanimously agreed that this film was complete trash.
Gene Autry stars in this 1938 vintage musical western. Things get shady when crooked real estate developers 'hoodwink' poor honest cattle ranchers. Worthless mining stock is sold for the asking in a desert mining town. Gene and his sidekick Frog Millhouse(Smiley Burnette)put the kibosh on the white-wash, when word circulates that gold has been found. The guitar slinging cowpoke sings several tunes including "Love Burning Love" and "I'm Beginning To Care". Even Frog strains his vocal chords with "She Works Third Tub At The Laundry". Other cast members include: Carol Hughes, Ed Cassidy, Polly Jenkins, Ivan Miller and Sally Payne. All in all...the Autry movies are pretty much formulated.
I only saw this silly made-for-TV sequel in it's chopped-down 93-minute video version, and it was quite obvious that there were many things missing. On the plus side, I didn't care. Where THE GREAT ESCAPE was a somewhat-fictionalized version of a true story, GE2 is a fictional story which only touches reality at odd points (and sometimes the oddest: the part about recognizing some Gestapo officers from a painting in a nightclub is true). The real story of the investigation of the Stalag Luft III murders would probably have been a lot more interesting, but there might not have been a part in that for Christopher Reeve.
I'm a storm chaser, which means I'm usually avid for any sort of storm-disaster movie, no matter how stupid. But this one not only wasted the fifteen minutes I spent watching it, it's compelling me to waste yet more time writing this review. That's how strongly I feel about it. In this day and age, with so many weather websites available, there's no excuse whatsoever for a writer not to go see what a tornado looks like on radar--clue: It's not a hurricane! And FYI, storms do not growl. Chasers and storm fans and TV watchers, oh my, do yourself a favor and rent Twister again instead.
Characters and story dreamed up by an auteur without imagination. Fake to the bone. No relation to life. Dialog pretentiously abstract, meant to be funny but isn't. Caricatured characters can sometimes be fun--see Dr. Strangelove--but the caricature has to grow from a sense of life. This is so airless, so film-schooly, watching it is like trying to breathe in a vacuum. An ex-nun nymphomaniac, so she says, who has not had sex because "I'm choosy", and a porn star, some gangsters, etc., adds up to a labored, dead, badly acted pseudo movie. I watched it because of all the good comments, so I'm warning those with ears to hear.
So...I do not watch "Entourage", and before today I had no idea who Adrian Grenier was. Nor have I ever hated a movies so much that I wanted to review it. One, totally predictable. Two, totally boring. Three, zero chemistry. Four, huge waste of time. There was nothing interesting about it. It was campy and really fake. I was not sure what was wrong with the guy for the first half of the hour long movie, than just waited for him to snap. There was zero emotion in Leila Arcieri's part,nothing. This movie made me feel uncomfortable, angry and embarrassed that I actually finished watching it. Horrible!
Very formulaic comedy in which most jokes bomb, especially the visual ones. Hopelessly clichéd sentimentality and schmaltz are quite annoying and the film really falls apart in the last third, mostly because of the double-birth scene which is incredibly lame and unfunny, clumsily "written" and directed; the gags in the birth scenes are so bad it's embarrassing to watch. Williams is solid. But I think Grant's charismatic-stutterer shtick is wearing a bit thin by now. Leonard Maltin, U.S. film critic and famous nerd, describes Julianne Moore as having "radiant beauty". What?! She's not ugly, but RADIANT BEAUTY?? The only thing that's radiant is Maltin's heavily damaged radio-active brain.
Unrelieved stuffiness, written by Julian Mitchell from his play, chronicling the true-life account of homosexual prep-school lad Guy Bennett in 1930s London who later became a spy for the Russians. Director Marek Kanievska chooses to sequence the film colorlessly in flashback, with aloof Rupert Everett posturing and pursing his modulated lips in continual pensiveness (he has one expression to express every emotion). The British play was very popular, for reasons which are not evident here. The burnished cinematography by Peter Biziou and fine supporting performances from Colin Firth (in his debut) and Cary Elwes do help, yet I found this picture extremely cold and rather indifferently-made. * from ****
This feature length episode is - apart from the equally dreadful "The Last Vampyre" - the worst adaption of a story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. One really wonders what was going on in the producer's mind wasting Jeremy Brett's rapidly diminishing energy and life-span for this crude story, especially after having been so faithful to the spirit of Doyle's works before. The theme of Holmes' dreams depicting exactly the events to come stands in stark contrast to his previously stated belief in rationality, facts and logical deduction. One can't help feeling the scriptwriters took to Holmes' former vice of drug abuse. Sad and unworthy of Jeremy Brett's talents.
First the only good news about "Shakes the Clown" is that the clown makeup and neon-type lighting provides an interesting setting. Now the bad. Both Adam Sandler and Robin Williams are totally wasted, smothered by Goldthwait's slapstick, gross-out, outrageously non-funny script. Clowns are supposed to be funny, therefore a movie about clowns should be downright hilarious. Well, car chases, puke jokes, drunken clowns, and various other nonsense turns what could have been a ground breaking black comedy into the disaster it is. Do not buy or rent this expecting black comedy similar to the brilliant "Bad Santa", because you will be sadly disappointed. I know I was. - MERK
This is one of the most baffling movies... I paid the full $7.50 to see it knowing it wasn't going to be the best... but Hey! John Malkovich... you know... how bad can it be? ... ... I was utterly stunned by the degree of ineptness Julia Roberts displayed in what was obviously supposed to be her vehicle. Malkovich is thoroughly uninspired and under-used, but you can't blame everything on the director... he probably could have tried harder... or at all. I spent a good two or so days trying to forget this movie ever existed but it remains to this day... and I still want my 7.50 back
This film remains alive in my memory in the form of its emotional impressions (the term "bittersweet" may be overused here but is completely appropriate) as well as the final chords of the soundtrack, which darkly underline the story's conclusion. I'm with everyone here astonished that this film's still not available for personal acquisition. It's not as if it was a misstep for either of the stars, something to be kicked under the rug; if anything it's akin to "Harold and Maude" (but not an imitation...the resemblance is superficial). I can still feel this film in my blood, though it must be 20 years since I last saw it.
I saw this movie at the NatFilm festival (Nightly Movies Festival) in Copenhagen, and it was a huge disappointment. I found the movie virtually void of a story and hopelessly over-stretched. The only reason I have not used profanity here are the IMDb guidelines, the movie is THAT bad. On a more cheerful note: Most of the cinema-goers that evening managed to sleep some time during the movie (myself included), so after the movie people were well rested. Considering the usual cinema-goers at that festival it is quite an achievement. I rate this a 1 out of 10. (Because it is impossible to cast a lower vote)
While the plot of the movie wasn't bad and almost plausible, the camera work was extremely distracting and a bit annoying. The camera person seemed to zoom in and out and all over the place for no apparent reason. Saw something similar to that camera work during the 1989 earthquake of Northern California while attempting to film the World Series. Enough to make one motion-sick. Too bad since the acting was okay and the general theme wasn't bad. Special effects were acceptable. The movie was entertaining as far as disaster movies go. Probably wouldn't see it again but worth a peek if you can get past the camera work.
Poorly acted, directed and written, "The Conrad Boys" is barely watchable. The main problem is Justin Lo, who assumes the role of writer, director, film editor and principal actor. Lo does not handle any one of his jobs well; his ability to create a believable character on film is seriously lacking. Watching Lo is akin to watching a beginning actor with no idea of what he is doing or saying. The script is quite clichéd and lacks any real imagination. The two stars I awarded this are solely for Nick Bartzen who is quite good as the young drifter, Jordan Rivers. This film is to be avoided.
I've got to say i wasn't too impressed with this to be honest. I love the original hellraisers and i just keep hoping that they make at least 1 more decent sequel but thats looking unlikely. Having said that i've seen worse films but its seems to have gone down the the traditional slasher film a bit too much. The real shame is that there's some good ideas in it. They just don't seem to have been pulled off. Don't go out of your way to watch this unless you're really into the series. It doesn't add anything, just offers a slightly different slant on the story.
I love this book. It was my bible for years from high school on. Notes From Underground (what happened to the *The*? My text versions always included it) was arguably the first truly modern psychological ontological existential novel, the forerunner to, among other things, Catcher in the Rye & many of Woody Allen's better works. This movie, on the other hand, comes off as nothing more than a very lame imitation of a Steve Martin routine. The lead even looks like Steve Martin but the ancillary characters are barely cardboard in substance. What should have been wryly & universally satirical simply becomes high-school sophomoric. A dreadful disappointment.
My gods, that was terribly boring. You could literally put someone to sleep with it. It almost put me to sleep. and the dialog made me cringe more than just once. The whole 'body switching' crap is so terribly uninteresting for me. The episode is also completely forgettable, I keep forgetting about it unlike other bad episodes like 'Space' where you immediately know what it was about. Honestly, only good thing about this episode was Gillian Anderson's acting. She's entirely believable. This episode is my third ONE star. I think I might even like Ghost in the Machine better. This is boredom to the max.
This film remains alive in my memory in the form of its emotional impressions (the term "bittersweet" may be overused here but is completely appropriate) as well as the final chords of the soundtrack, which darkly underline the story's conclusion. I'm with everyone here astonished that this film's still not available for personal acquisition. It's not as if it was a misstep for either of the stars, something to be kicked under the rug; if anything it's akin to "Harold and Maude" (but not an imitation...the resemblance is superficial). I can still feel this film in my blood, though it must be 20 years since I last saw it.
This film seems to be saved from total video hell from one very inventive death scene. Pitt is a bad actor in this & still is a terrible actor now...The problem with this film is the acting, plot, setting, music etc.... Somewhere there was some potential for a campy/scary film , but unfortunately it seems to be more intune with an amateur gore hound & friends running amok with a second rate video camera. There is nothing in this that has not been done better before. Only watch it if you either love one of the lead actors OR are an absolute sucker for cheesy horror films.
Forget the obvious sources of annoyance: the fat and ugly girl, Binoche's toothless simpers and cigarillos, impossible characters, absurd pomposity passing for dialog, obsession with incest, plot holes, cookie-cutter stereotypes, annoying camera-work, poor direction, lame actingthe worst part of this film is the premise, which is that the older generation, in the form of a dynamic and responsible French-American duo, will teach the younger generation, in the form of a passive and irresponsible French-American duo, to get along. As if. They want me to write some more. I will. Don't waste your time on this tripe. The whole movie I was just hoping for the characters to die.
This is sheer torture. Pure trash. Genuine idiocy. Absolute pretentiousness. I cringe every time the characters lapse into theatrical dialog in French. I seethe with unbridled rage every time the characters deliver philosophical pieces of crap. I switched off the player after 15 minutes of uncontained stupidity of characterization, plot, and amateurish film-making. You have no budget for authentic 1920's French backgrounds? Throw in the smoke machine. Ninety percent of the film is drenched in smoke to hide the fake settings. I can go on and on explaining what is wrong with this movie but my patience has run out. Gpo see your nearest lobotomist.
The film, Cyborg was a relatively unimpressive movie. I explored that the realism within was quite lacklustre, with reference to when Van Damme's character escapes from the crucifiction cross - then began a mighty fighting scene, which was highly disappointing to the viewer. The antagonist was also quite disappointing on appearance and acting skills. His fighting technique was quite pitiful, and although so was Van Damme's, the slugfest was rightly won by the 'Muscles from Brussels'. To recommend this film to a friend, would make them believe that i was the enemy. The film showed glimpses of hope, but nothing progressed from it. A very disappointing film.
This movie made me want to kill myself. I loathed every second of it. The only reason why I'm writing anymore about this about this abortion is that IMDb wants at least 10 lines for a review. While watching "Rocketman" I was actually concerned my girlfriend would leave me. Anybody associated with this film should be exiled (if not shot). There is almost nothing redeeming about this film. The only part that was remotely enjoyable was Harland Williams losing it over gefilte fish space paste. Also, the movie ends with the unfunny protagonist getting up in the love interest through dancing upside down (because of artificial gravity). I'm nauseous.
Yes, perhaps there is some interesting psychological commentary in the movie, but overall it is bizarre, unrewarding, and with no sense of closure. Further, it is not scary in the least. I thought it was supposed to be a horror movie, but it is more like a sterile view of something that could be scary just because of the subject matter, but doesn't come off that way. I had a pretty hard time watching the whole thing just because it was so boring. I was constantly asking myself if the time I was spending rotting my brain with this movie was better used, say, eating a PB&J sandwich...
John Wayne, Clint Eastwood, or anybody else for that matter would not have allowed the nonsense that happened in this movie. This movie was a complete waste of time. Comparing this to be on par with tombstone or ANY John Wayne movie severely discredits both of them. The "hero" in the movie is a fool who let entirely too much go on before taking action. I like John Cusack and pretty much all of his other movies just not this one. You will be disturbed by the ongoings in it and the outcome becomes predictable. You will probably disregard what I am saying until you actually watch the movie.
I had to watch this film with a horror-obsessed friend for over one-and-half hours and I think I've seen some of the most nauseating scenes in this film recently. A possessed character's bare breasts turned into two hands and attacked her boyfriend -- I will remember that for a long time. The film has no storyline, no good actor (although as far as I can tell, Ben Stiller's wife is in it), no horrifying atmosphere or even a decent screenplay. It only has some innovative (yes, indeed) demonic behavior scenes which fans of such movies like my friend might enjoy. I didn't see the prequel, so cannot compare.
I was kind of looking forward to this, and I'm sad to say that it's not very funny. Ben Stiller is once again Ben Stiller, and Owen Wilson has his usual red-eyed-I may have been smoking before they yelled action- delivery that can make some dumb lines kind of funny, but other than that there's not much there there. Snoop Doggy is actually the scene stealer here. Vince Vaugn seems miscast. I liked the car a lot, but as I was waiting for it to end I kept thinking that this is what they mean by the January/February movie doldrums. I'd give it four stars.
This awkward piece of celluloid garbage was allowed to escape the cutting room floor. The directors, producers, production company could have done so much better. The actors should have been shot on the spot. This is not the level of incompetence we want to release to the public. I have seen better on a county college film school. Not to be nasty, but you have to get nasty to the people who release this type of manure. High in nitrates, carries across three fields, able to induce DiarrhEEEAR !! get a video camera, invite your friends over, and drink some beer; you can do a better job yourselves.
R.O.T.O.R. is one of those films us Homo sapiens should put into a time capsule so that future generations/civilizations can witness a glorious achievement in 'film' which captures the zeitgeist of the nineteen eighties. Forget the Berlin wall falling or the end of the Cold War, R.O.T.O.R. is the greatest achievement of 1989 and director Cullen Blaine was Man of the Year. Not only is this the cinematic gem the worst thing ever put on celluloid, it also shares the dichotomous distinction of being the funniest film ever made. A perennial favorite at 'bad movie nights with friends', this piece of solid gold belongs in a film museum somewhere.
We recently screened this film for our English class and I found it to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. There are WAY to many closeups of this actress, the plot was very weak, the props were poorly manufactured, and the sound was unbearable. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM. The film shouldn't have been released to the United States and should have just stayed in Bollywood land where it belongs. This film is neither shocking nor riveting. I can't believe how many people liked this film. A group of normal college kids from Chicago all unanimously agreed that this film was complete trash.
Hard to believe such a great book and movie could be ruined by infantile, cheap, melodramatic, two-dimensional writing, directing and camera-work, but this is a great example of how it can be done. Unwatchable. Pointless love story. Robotic characters. TV-style, quick-take, short-attention-spanning, wannabe thriller movie-making. One hopes the director and writer never get another TV credit again. Crichton should sue. I could tell from the first 30 seconds of the film that it was going to disappoint and be as predictable and unimaginative as it was. Not even HBO for pre-schoolers. See the original ASAP! IT can be watched ten times and not be as boring as this remake.
The Alpha Video release seems to be fairly complete with the entire story intact (except for some splicy sections in what was probably a 16mm television print: The story does make sense in this version which has the entire explanation of why the criminals are on the ship in the first place and what the doctor's motivations are. It is mysterious that the film runs about 63 minutes when the main IMDb description has it released at 57 minutes. That's probably incorrect and doesn't represent the original theatrical release, but rather some random individual's timing from a DVD or VHS tape that wasn't complete in the first place.
I hate movies like this. They're all the same, some white girl falls for some black. The black guy is of course rough and tough, but has the sweetest heart underneath it all. Yeah right. Only in the movies. I happen to be a black female, 22, and I get so sick of the way they have black people act in films. The black girls always have that "attitude". We don't all have an attitude, but you never would know that, if you watch movies. It just bugs me, this movie bugs me. Why can't the white girl ever date a black guy who isn't from the "Hood"?
To create a truly awful movie, it is essential to start with an absolutely dreadful script. By that measure, "The Clones" deserves a Nobel Prize. Other reviewers have cited some fine examples of utterly embarrassing lines, but my own personal favorite from this movie comes after an attempt is made on the hero's life, and he flees to the home of The Wise Professor to explain his plight. The Professor looks gravely at him and, in a moment worthy of Yogi Berra, says, "So...you say someone is trying to kill you? Hmm...this could be serious!" Possibly a good party movie, but definitely should not be seen while fully sober.
Based on the original, The Awful Truth, this update is so completely inferior, one has to wonder what the intent was behind remaking the comedy classic. It certainly couldn't have been to improve on it. How can you improve on perfection? And it certainly was not to present better music. Irene Dunne hit the high notes better than either Wyman or the person dubbing her voice. Plus, Wyman's just too squeaky clean looking to play the vamp. She cannot sell it! Milland is a good actor, but here cannot deliver the charm of Cary Grant. A disappointing waste of time. Do yourself a favor and get the original.
I must say, i was quite disappointed with this one, as versus was sooooo great. This one is justlike a coffee , brewed up a second or third time, and it tastes bad.....i prefer to watch the original versus 100 times than this crap. the whole movie bored the hell out of me, while versus was so great and crazy, loaded with anticipation for whats to come in the next second all the way through, this is just lame....sorry, i cant tell you to go see this in the cinema or even rent the DVD, i really cant. ........... ........ ........... ...................... xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx awful awful awful
I just don't want to see this WWII settled stories and concept of enemy movies anymore. Filmed a thousand times its just outdated and basically no longer funny or inventive. Even the gags are always the same, sorry. To be fair: in this movie the characters are nice - anyway. Surely it is worth to watch it (maybe just once). It's simple shallow entertainment with mainly war related indicated gags which kids presumably cannot understand. I've no idea whether children will enjoy it, apart from the cute little birds. Technical it is a pleasure thoroughly: well designed lively figures with rims and weakness and some fine flight scenes.
I always try and write encouraging comments on English films, after all, there are many things they have going against them. But this film is appallingly awful. I can't say anything positive for it. The three stooges, sorry, so-called actors, are not hard at all. Three old women would provide more menace. One of the characters is most absurd. He wears different coloured strange shaped glasses every day, hardly what you'd see a tough gangster doing. The acting is extremely amateur as well. This is just so mediocre and unacceptable. Everything about it stinks to high heaven. Don't waste any money watching this film, you will deeply regret it.
There's very little, if anything, memorable about "Manhatta." Besides being one of the original "city symphony" films, paving the way for better works like "Berlin: die sinfonie der Grobstadt" (which I think translates into "Berlin: Symphony of a City)" and Pennebaker's "Daybreak Express," to name two, all it really offers to modern audiences is a reason to fall asleep. Manhatta is mainly made up of static, or at best, phlegmatic shots, and has inter-titles quoting Walt Whitman. The camera has a strange obsession with smoke billowing from chimneys of boats and factories. It's a pioneer of a new land that was soon in the hands of more skillful developers.
Uhm...... this is to horror movies what blair witch was to credible journalism. I don't mind these guys taking a camera and goofing off... bringing copies around the office, but when you go to this extreme to b.s. people into watching your day off with a video camera... I just *hope* no one buys a copy of this. Cool... they even put themselves on this website. I miss the days when IMDb wasn't bastardized by this kind of b.s. But I guess integrity is as rare as talent. Compare this to a near zero budget indie film like "In the woods" by Sam Raimi.
After a variety of sketchy farcical/romantic complications, the movie settles for a sentimental epilogue, and remains unsurprisingly dull. The biggest shock is Andrew Dice Clay - the comedian you love to boycott - whose 'Vin-Man'character utterly fails to get laughs transforming himself from a macho beast to a caring, sharing New Man via the 'Pretend You're Sensitive Handbook'. Definitely a lightweight movie, without any heavy ambitions, and for the most part an unlikable one. With script and direction by women, it's considerably more arch and dehumanized than the usual sex comedy. Most of the men in this film are portrayed as belonging to a disgustingly hairy, penile-obsessed subspecies.
This movie is astonishingly biased and is based on the opinion of gang members rather than true fact. The movie basically attempts to justify a murder committed by one of the Abberton brothers, who head the group. It also accuses policemen of starting a fight with gang members when both groups were attending functions at the same location. "Bra Boys" encourages youngsters to leave school and take up a life of dangerous surfing, drug use and crime. The leaders who offer their opinions are ridiculously immature. Its wrong this movie was allowed to be released. The only good thing about the movie is Russell Crowes narration.
Like a dog chasing it's tail this movie goes nowhere. Too many characters it becomes confusing, and eventually crashes into total silliness. This is NOT black comedy, it is idiotic try and be as strange as possible boredom. Constantly starting new angles and then somehow trying to tie a story together out of these disjointed fragments does not make for entertainment. Some of the characters were so uninteresting and boorish that they could have been written out entirely and actually improve the film by shortening it. Avoid at all costs even if it is in the cheap bin. It is a waste of time, talent, and celluloid. - MERK
Leslie Nielsen and Patrick Macnee? How could they go so wrong? I've gone out of my way to watch really bad films, and in their own way they're often entertaining. This was painful. Nonexistent plot, spun out for 75 minutes. Little discernible attempt at humour - and believe me I'm the target audience for spoof space film references. There must be an amazing backstory to this film - good cast, but they clearly didn't want to be on that awful set in that forsaken community college. Perhaps this is in fact the funniest film ever - and the joke's on all the viewers who sit through it.
This was terrible. With the amount of talent and experience the team has, I am amazed that they produced such a poor example of "Science Fiction". Besides lacking any true originality or mystery, the characters and events utterly failed to be believable. The plot is furthered by leaps and bounds of crooked logic and the musical score tries too hard to compensate for it. I felt that I was watching a cheap ripoff of an episode of Outer Limits (which itself is not a fantastic example of the genre). When I started watching, I hoped to be intrigued and forced to think. Unfortunately, the message was insultingly obvious.
I can't believe anyone can spend one penny to produce this... thing. This... thing has good things: some nice visual (and some means maybe two) and some (maybe three or four) witty lines. And the witty lines are abused going further... Things that are missing: the script (unlikely, offbalance), the characters (superficial, two-dimensioned), the direction (an ethilist baboon could do better). Incredibly, you start being bored after just ten minutes, as the first of many endless dialogues flows quietly. Shortly, I strongly recommend that you carefully avoid this movie. It is not worth the price, and it is not worth for free, because it is deadly boring.
It may soon be over but I have some good memories of Days during the years. Belle helping her friend Chloe from her shell was one of the quality moments of DOOL. The silly charm of studio exteriors, arteficial dialogue, Marlena's possession and wonderful Salem Stalker were and are a quality camp. I enjoyed Celeste's premonitions and I liked genetically manipulated Gemini twins - I especially loved psychotic Rex! I can't understand the lure and redemption of Ej - Why to make him a hero? Because he is not fat or balding or geeky-looking? Because he is filth? - but there has been lot of good stuff after overrated 1980s.
Are you serious? The customs are based LOOSELY on real customs to become some bastardized mish-mash. The director went and lived for a short while with the Xingu tribe in the amazon. What does that mean? It means he saw them through the eyes of an outsider not as someone part of the culture. All what you see is his interpretation of what Xingu culture is: the taking of hallucinogens, marriage, women's dances, jagua painting and others. This does not even come close to true Xingu culture. (Btw I love how the tribes were really good African and modern dancers.) This is just the magical-childlike-Indian stereotype set in the Amazon.
This film analyzes the creative impulse for advertising & finds it in a asylum... Don't worry: it is not a psychological study but a comedy. The only problem is that I don't laugh often: maybe with the taglines of the ads, the performance of David "Hello" Paymer... How much the leading actor (Dudley Moore), the endless casting of J.T. Walsh as a bad guy, or a bad script (I didn't see much insanity from the patients) have to do with my dozing, it's hard to tell. In conclusion, an average movie where the only flavors are its 80's spirit in America and Hannah in a romantic character.
I was impressed with the modern gadgets. I think that the premise that in the future the internet will have to be policed is a compelling idea. The movie did lack character development in some areas, but the acting and action was well done. I also thought that Scott Bakula did a really wonderful job, as always. I have never read the Tom Clancy novel, 'Netforce', but perhaps that was for the best. Usually movies made using novels as the basis end up feeling like tin foil. Seeing this movie without having read the novel I felt the story was complete. The storyline was interesting and without holes.
This is a unknown very satisfying alien film. This film moves along at a nice pace. The aliens are creepy and the action is almost non stop. They throw a lot of great turns in the story and the acting is pretty solid. The film even has a cameo from the talentless Richard Belzer who actually does a decent job. I would have liked some nudity in this story but you can't have it all. This film is pre CGI so it has an awesome selection of effects done on set. It's hard to believe they could make such a good movie from a Hienlin book. Whatever, just see it.
From the first time I saw this in the first-run theaters, I thought this movie would garner at the very LEAST some editing awards. But as we always see in these affairs, the really great contributions to cinema are woefully ignored, intentionally overlooked or baked over by the interests groups of the powers that be (payolas...). This is a masterpiece of construction in visuals, script, set decoration and so many other technical awards. As with Zelig...it is only NOW that people are lauding its true worth. I feel that something should be done to elevate this movie to its rightful place in the annals of creative wizardry.
The Glass House is a great thriller for everyone. The film follows Ruby Baker and her little brother recently orphaned after the parents death from a tragic car accident. They go to live with there parents old friends. At first everything seems great...until the siblings soon discover that all that glitters isn't gold... Credit is due where credit is due the cast does a superb job. Dianne Lane is stunning. The plot while a little cliché is alright, it keeps you watching for some reason. The film has plenty of eye candy and its entertaining. The sets of the lavish house are amazing. Great and entertaining thriller. 10/10
I disagree with both sentiments stated here. I think this was simply a dramatization about the evils of totalitarianism from a 1960-ish perspective. All the actions of that government are evil, including outlawing god (I'm agnostic). But I don't see anything like this happening Bush or Obama. The 1963 Supreme Court case overturned laws that made prayer in public schools compulsory. Putting those laws back in place would move the country more toward the regime in the episode! (just from the other side.) The side that's not in office is always afraid. During Bush, Meridith's character represents liberals; during Obama, he is the conservatives. But only in their own minds.
I watched this film with my father and it was truly a worthwhile experience. The documentary is about a father and son who travel around the world and the development of their relationship as they talk with other fathers and sons in various countries. This is a great movie to watch because everyone needs a father, biological or not, and one often loses sight of how important the influence of a father can be. At times it will make you laugh, at times it will make you cry, and occasionally you will laugh and cry simultaneously. It was just a great experience for me and my father to watch together.
After watching "Killer Bees!" on television one night, I nearly decided to renounce modern technology altogether. The "bees" were just laughable as special effects go. Now, I understand that generating an effect that simulates the Brownian-like motion of a swarm is challenging, but the result here was very unnatural looking. The townspeople, in contrast, were very lifelike. Some of them almost seemed to be living, sentient beings. Amazing! I think it would have been a better show if we had never seen the bees. Maybe there could have been some pack of dogs roaming the town, picking out the sick and the weak. That's scary. This was just sad.
Certainly a decent cop - thriller; it's quite entertaining despite some actions sequences that are really unlikely (they could also be called brainless). In fact credulity is put to the test a lot of times, nevertheless "16 Blocks" is a kind of movie that makes you reflect on what you saw. Bruce Willis plays the unusual part of a broken down cop ready for both rehabilitation and retirement, weary of working and living as well; Bruce has never looked more unkempt and scruffy but his part his acting is really persuasive and cogent. The ending could (should) have been less predictable but the job is in my opinion well done.
These are our fellow mammals....and they are highly social creatures.....it is easy to see their rules of engagement....maybe we should reflect and adapt?? For my part, this is a wonderful reflection on how nature exists as well as an interestingly creative documentary with a "soap opera" type of story progression. I wish they would show an episode with how the series is filmed as well as a summary on the demise/ascension of the various meerkats. I really miss Shakepseare and want to know more about what happened to him. He was a hero meerkat, indeed. A wonderfully touching story with all of the stark realities of life. Worth the while.
I saw this at the Waterfront Film Festival in Saugatuck, Michigan and it was one of my favorite short films of the festival. This short was great. So funny and original. It's a modern day retelling of how the Tinman lost all of his limbs, his lover, and his heart. It was wonderfully made, the acting, the cinematography, it was a really cool movie. I particularly loved the music that played throughout the film, it really added the entertainment. You should really check this film out. It was an award winner at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. I'll be looking out for more of director Ray Tintori's films.
I found 7 Zwerge to be a delightful German film and highly recommend it. However, it contains some language based jokes which don't translate well to English, so beware if you don't speak German and watch the film with subtitles to miss a few of the good jokes. But there is still plenty there for those who don't speak the language and overall the plot and humor translates quite well. A great film with a fairly simple plot that is great to watch if you are trying to learn German but also great for anyone who really loves foreign films. Highly recommended to fans of German comedy!
Major props to Rob Rugan and Mike Benson for making this movie happen. I hope that viewers out here can appreciate "Hide and Creep" for what it is. For starters, don't prepare yourself for a spine tingling horror epic. "Hide and Creep" is unexpectedly hilarious. With their local approach (great, authentic southern accents), dry humor, and skillful editing--Rugan and Benson have the makings of a cult classic. I think its great that the SciFi channel premiered this movie, and I cant wait for the sequel. In the future, I'd like to see more with the actor who plays the bullet biting zombie in the police station--great scene.
Dustin Hoffman accomplished another great role as political comedian Lenny Bruce, whose comments always irked the establishment. Bruce truly paved the way for George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Robin Williams, and everyone such. Probably the best part was when he commented on the two gay teachers who'd gotten fired ("There was no situation where a kid came home saying 'We had five minutes of geography and ten minutes of c---sucking'.") Not surprisingly, they arrested him after that. I have to admit that I've actually never heard any of Lenny Bruce's albums (except for a few lines out of "The Sick Humor of Lenny Bruce"). But anyhow, "Lenny" is a masterpiece.
After seeing and hearing some of Leny Bruce originals, kudos to great performance by leading man Dustin Hoffman (Lenny Bruce). Not by a chance any less of a great performance also by Valerie Perrine (Honey Bruce). Interesting completion of screenplay by its concept through interview with Lenny's wife. Super cinematography, excellent choice for black & white touch what actually makes the story even more complex and ready to sink in. There are some faults but I simply ignored them for the same reasons written above. So them (faults I mean), you will have to find yourself and decide how to comment them. Definitely in top range of Hollywood movie making.
I first saw the movie Young Sherlock Holmes several years ago and totally enjoyed it. I have faced great power struggles within the school administrations here in the United States and it sort of reminded me of it. Sherlock (Nick Rowe) demonstrated great courage, stamina, intellect, and athletic ability to overcome the evil forces that surrounded him. I was disappointed to find that Nicholas Rowe has not been featured in other adventure movies. It is a shame for such talent to go to waste. I hope to see more of him in the future what ever role he is offered to act. What do you think? Kevin Kazakevich
This film was targeted towards fans of the Spielberg productions of that time, such as Gremlins and Goonies, considering it was written by the same guy who wrote those two films. And it was very similar too, with young people as the leads and a lot of special effects. This was my favorite movie of that year. For some reason, it didn't do well. Some critics complained the action sequences and special effects were not appropriate for a Sherlock Holmes story but I thought the whole film in general worked well, and the characters were very well portrayed. I am really disappointed the dvd had absolutely no special features though.
This Movies is fantastic! Joe Dante's "Gremlins" is a fun and enjoyable film, but it is scary at times, but I still love it. It really is the best little monster attack type film, and you even root for the Gremlins themselves, because of their enjoyable pranks, stupidity and by far their laughs, it just sticks in your head. This movie even spawned a sequel "Gremlins 2: The New Batch", which is also filmed by Joe Dante, it is great as well, but it isn't as good as it's predecessor. If you haven't seen this film then, go rent it, buy it, you just have to see "Gremlins".
While the entire movie was o.k. the major premise of the need to use bomber whose family have no interests in the bombing or terrorist act is an overkill. The whole charade can be simplified, if the terrorist take the money from him after closing the bank account. What the terrorist should do is just simply place the bombs themselves. I don't see any complexity in that do you? Because the plausibility of the whole movie is in question, it throws into question that the movie is somewhat contrived. Another movie of Paradise Now is much more straightforward and simple as well as low budget and was much better done.
This is a documentary about the people of Pitcairn Island. In among what is straight documentary, there are a few scenes which acts out the mutiny on the Bounty. If that were not bad enough, the action opens with a few old tars telling yarns in a tavern. And if that were not bad enough, the acting in these scenes (Errol Flynn excepted) is really, really bad. It is worth watching as a documentary of Pitcairn Island. It is also worth watching to see the germs of stardom in Errol Flynn. I have never ever seen another film quite like this one - which is just as well.
I love french movies what can I say. This one is really good as well. Interesting story I'd never really thought about. I was worried it would be old and bad you know like many period films are but this one is pretty well done. The acting is up to scratch and especially moments when the captives are in the prison and they really are feeling the pain and torture and still managing to resist the urge to stop it. Very few weaknesses as well. Lucie is really beautiful as well a pleasure to watch. Very desparate film which is well resolved. Overall worth a watch. I gave it 8.
I consider myself a cinephil; not a cinema freak but at least a person who does not sleep when watching movies other than Hollywood bang-gang-do-sex things; I am outrageous (!!!) not with the director (every one has the right of his "artistic" opinion, provided that there are fellows eager to waste their time and money) but with the sado-masochists programming this film for the 5th Cluj-Napoca TIFF. The most unfairly 107 minutes spent in my life Zero-Zero-Zero P.S. I am rating with one but if the webmaster decide to make the mistake to watch this movie the voting will include the zero value too in the future layouts
I will always admire Robert Duvall for all the personal effort he put into making this film. As a church worker who is a moderate/liberal Christian, there are few other movies like it out there. It presents a pastor who is clearly flawed and sinful, as all of us are. However, it also presents someone who simply wants to serve the Lord and help people, whether they are poor, black or prisoners. The filming locations and use of real pastors give the movie an extremely authentic feel. Great music as well! Highly recommended movie with great acting, a story that makes you think and a balanced portrayal of evangelical Christianity.
I saw this on television recently. I remember when I saw it first in the early nineties that it got bad reviews at the time. I think the critics just had it in for Polanski. 'Frantic' was dismissed as a poor man's Hitchcock, though I thought it was a pretty good stab at doing a Hitchcock, suspenseful enough. A devastating chronicle of the disintegration of a relationship. Though the role reversal development was done better in Bunuel's Tristana, I thought. I was struck at the time by Hugh Grant's hilarious portrayal of the twit of an Englishman. This was an act that soon palled over the decade, however.
I am watching it right now on TCM. It has been digitally restored and a new soundtrack added. The music is excellent. I was sure it was 'period' until I saw the credits, which are rolling as I type. Marie Prevost is amazing, she dominates every scene in which she appears. Her expressions and body language are astounding. It helps you understand what silent movie acting is all about. This was a Howard Hughes production. I believe the picture is longer than 60 minutes, though. The University of Nevada at Las Vegas is credited with this restoration project. They did a great job. I love this movie.
I'm sorry this movie sucked. Terrible acting, really really confused story that never really explained anything. If at least a small attempt had been made do actually explain the story or show a plot or something it might have gotten i bit higher grading from me. All the foolishness about a formula was almost making sound like a commercial for toothpaste. My vote of 2 is for decent music in the movie and for at least a twist of an ending. Unless you really don't have anything else do do like operating on yourself with a worn out spoon, then do not see this BORING movie. /D
Great story on several levels of ripoffs, backstabbing and deception. Perfectly acted parody of LA life, very funny and understated. Excellent performances especially from the 3 actresses - Lucy Alexis Liu, Talisa Sota, and Sadie Frost. Very much in the same vein as '2 Days in the Valley' (1996). Some strange sex scenes and the violence is almost comical. 3 separate but interconnected story lines occurring on a sunny LA day centered around 1 million dollars in cash, inspire the quirky characters to commit a litany of depraved and devious acts. Not a well known movie, but a little gem if you can track it down - well worth watching.
This is a helluva little movie. Yeah, it's so much better than 'Backbeat.' I know the train spotters will quibble with some of the shortcuts they had to take to jam 6 years into 90 minutes but this movie has integrity and they tried to do it right. The music is accurate and well-done and all the actual locations were used. They guy playing Lennon is not a dead-ringer but he grows on you and in the end you do get a sense of how complicated, angry, insecure and talented John Lennon was. If this movie had been on HBO it would have won Emmys. It really smokes on DVD.
Donald Westlake's book is turned into a rather dull movie by director Gordon Flemyng. Jim Brown leads a rag tag team of respected character actors on a heist to steal from the LA Colliseum. Edited with a sledge hammer, the movie appears to be missing scenes. The jump cuts are not stylish, they're really odd. Brown is OK, but the supporting cast is terrific, including Ernest Borgnine, Warren Oates, Jack Klugman and Donald Sutherland. Julie Harris pops up (aping Geraldine Page as a tough talking crime broker). It's not bad, but it's certainly forgettable despite the colorful cast. Diahann Carroll and James Whitmore are wasted in a really lurid subplot.
Silkwood (1983) Meryl as martyr! Now firmly entrenched as a leading lady, Meryl costars with Kurt Russell and Cher as a nuclear power plant worker uncovering some nasty bits of information that, of course, cause problems with the powers that be. As Karen Silkwood, Meryl plays a flaw-ridden person who nevertheless rises above her own private demons and gathers the courage to speak out against an industrial giant. The movie manages to walk the tightrope of personal drama without teetering into melodrama. And unless memory fails me, another Oscar nomination was given to La Streep. Cher too, turns in a winning performance as a lesbian friend of the family.
The musical performances-especially Jimi Hendrix-make this a keeper. But the other material is of decidedly variable value. Wavy Gravy works for a while, then becomes tedious as hell and most of the concert-goers aren't terribly interesting. I do hope the one young lady who lost her sister in the crowd was successful in finding her, though. The thought that runs through my mind watching this during crowd scenes and interviews is,"How many of these people are grandparents, CEOs of corporations,drive BMWs and the like?" After all, it has been 31 years since Woodstock. They have become the generation they were warned not to trust. Oh, well. Better luck next time.
Michael Kitchen is simply outstanding -- there is no other word for it. The three series I have seen are a model of understatement. The supporting cast is excellent. In Series 2 and 3 Foyle appears as a more self-confident man, and therefore I prefer by a small margin the first series, where he seems less sure of himself and less ready to brook authority. There is a tendency in the plots for Foyle to reveal the complicated machinations of each case in the last few minutes with what can sometimes appear to be astonishing insight, but this is a minor quibble. Well worth seeing -- and re-seeing.
This is not a film with an amazing script, nor has it special effects that will blow you away. Still, there is something about it that makes it distinguish itself from others. The plot is quite standard for this kind of psychological thriller, but it has its moments, and you can expect some surprises. But it is the solid acting combined with great illumination- and sound techniques that really makes this film worthwhile. Andy Garcia truly shows that he is a great actor, and the supporting actors seem more than believable to me. All these factors combined results in a solid movie which I highly recommend to anyone.
I saw this movie first in the early 90's when I was a kid and watched it again yesterday, 10+ years later. It was more impressive back then, I must admit. :) The first part of the story reminded me of Harry Potter and the second of Lord of the Rings, however it solid on it's own and has enough unique features, so you wouldn't be bored. A great fairytale for kids. Not too complex and doesn't have that much emotional tension. I only wish the acting was better, and the events would happen faster, but for an 1987 kids movie it's fine. Otherwise an enjoyable adventure.
I was expecting a dire film but was shocked to see just how good the camera work, direction and soundtrack was. Some of the shots were exquisite. I know thats not what these films are supposed to be about but I will be looking out for more from these directors. The story was pretty so-so but the presentation and art was superb. Not sure how a sequel will sit Screamers the Hunt is out soon - I'll look out for that as it is by the same director I think. Ten lines needed to post a comment - ah OK. All the cast looked great too.
It's not that this is a terribly awful film, but it would take at least some effort to view it at this point. I tried numerous download sites, checked websites after i read favourable right ups. It is not worth the effort. A sub standard, weak, predictable and at time plain awful plot, bad acting, no real threat. Save your time and do something more productive. I would recommend that rather than watching this you spend the time looking for other, better, films to watch. If you've somehow stumbled upon this title, the odds are you will find another one that's much better in no time.
I thought that the characters were really neat and all had great personalities. The animation in My opinion was crisp, clean, and really clear. Not to mention beautiful! Most of the characters in this show all have great personalities. in My opinion these characters are some of the best ever seen. In fact, The things that goes on in this series' cartoons are in My opinion action packed which that is what makes the show good. There are so many characters to like If you like the other classic 1980s' animated cartoons like The GoBots, M.A.S.K., Transformers, C.O.P.S. and many others then I strongly recommend that you watch this show!
I was 16 when Then Came Bronson was broadcast, but I still vividly remember moments from 6 or 7 of the episodes. Maybe it was that I'd never seen that kind of delicacy and sweetness in performance before--and rarely since--nothing "thrilling," nothing forced, nothing fey, nothing indulgent--just careful observations and filled moments. At least, that's how I describe it now. Nothing was underlined; I never felt like I was being told how to react. Over the years, I'd think, is it possible that show was really that good? Nice to know some people agree with me. And some of you really have all the episodes on DVD?
Haunting, powerful, extremely well directed and acted, a real sleeper that should have been nominated for awards seeing the crap that mostly is nominated now days. Forget Kinski; she's a throwaway part and is the only jarring note to this movie; crass commercialism where they fool you by paying some well-known name-brand has been to pop up and do basically a "cameo". The music is perfect, and haunting, the location sets perfect, the subject, the Bosnia-Herzogovina-Serbia war fascinating and the effort by the director not to take too obvious a side makes the film perfect. Grown men will cry, women will weep copiously and little children have nightmares for life.
There has been much mention here regarding the appearance of a very young Billy Bob Thornton. For historical BBT fans, this is a must see. There is another interesting, demented performance from none other than Billy Drago. For these two reasons alone, "Hunter's Blood" should be a keeper. The added bonus is that the movie is actually entertaining. Somewhat talky in the beginning, it gradually builds toward a very satisfying hunted in the woods movie experience. Given that it has a 1987 release date, the movie holds up well, since there is little in the Arkansas outback, other than the Bronco, to indicate a 20 year old production. - MERK
This film has several flaws -- Lori Singer's rural accent comes and goes, mostly goes; the members of her high-school class, who've never attended so much as a lunch-hour sock hop, turn into some of the greatest dancers in middle America during the last 10 minutes -- but who cares? FOOTLOOSE is great fun, and is worth seeing. It even contains a redeeming social message about values and tolerance. Sit back and enjoy the sheer exuberance of Sarah Jessica Parker, the pre-corpulent Chris Penn, the lung-collapsing beauty of Lori Singer, and the energy and enthusiasm of Kevin Bacon. I would recommend this movie to anyone over the age of 10.
I wasn't fully sure what to expect and nearly didn't watch it at all, that would have been a mistake. Three episodes in and I'm hooked and I'm slowly working on all my friends too as it would be a shame if this slipped by without getting the audience it deserves. I was a bit concerned after the first episode that the jokes would quickly wear a bit thin but this hasn't proved to be the case. I don't think it will be everyone's cup of tea but well worth trying because if it is you're in for one of the funnier half hours of television you'll see all week.
I thought this movie was absolutely brilliant. OK, so there are a minor few details that can be touched upon, but the plot is riveting and keeps you on your toes. I thought Brody's performance was extraordinary. I have never seen a murderer portrayed in such a manner, it was very unique. The connection that developed between Brody and Madeline( forgot her real name) was intense, and if you can't see how their deepest desires are somewhat the same then you won't understand the movie. Basically, a good film with good actors, maybe if it was produced by someone else it could have been made into an Oscar winning film.
I'm so proud of all the Hungarian movie makers, actors, actresses, and sportsmen who took part in the creation of this great film. I've not seen such a flawless screenplay long time ago. It's shocking but glorious, full of emotion, will and act for achieving freedom and victory. Absulutely raises a worthy monument to the memory of the Hungarian revolution and war of independence and its heroes in 1956. Few days before the 50th anniversary of 23rd October this is the best time to remember and meditate on. That's the reason why I think this film should be seen by everyone, and not just within the borders of Hungary.
This film has to be the most underrated films ever made. It hosts some of the best performances to date of the likes of Ustinov, Lansbury and Mia Farrow and brilliant characterisations from Maggie Smith, Bette Davis and Jane Birkin. To be honest they all gave this film their best. The locations are magnificent, the costumes stunning and the intrigue is masterfully worked on. Simply the best "Christie" film of them all. I was a Bette Davis fan before the film and when I saw it upon release I was introduced to so many other performers that I have this film to thank for that. 10 out of 10 !!!
I enjoyed Travis' film about the attempt of an assassination on American President at a anti-terrorism conference in Spain. It features good performances from Quaid and Fox as well Whitaker. I liked the way the director approached the idea and it was a good entertaining movie for the most part. Don't look for too much substance or for it to make an out of the ordinary statement, but its a good action movie of its sort. I liked the cinematography by Amir. Mokri, and thought it was edited well too. Overall not an amazing movie, but worth watching. Good job by production team -IMDB Rating: 6.7. sdfkjsdflkjsdflkjsdf sdflkjsldkfjsMY Rating: 8/10
I was really confused when I left the cinema. On one hand, I very much enjoyed the way characters felt down to earth, human, with all their faults. On the other hand, there were a few passages where the plot seemed TOTALLY unrealistic (particularly in the end), that people just can't feel and act this way in the particular situation. All that not in the glossy Hollywood way, but from the hands of European filmmakers, who usually draw very realistic plots and characters. It was a shame, as I would have remembered the film for its better traits, it wasn't for the end that spoiled much of it for me.
The insentient world of machines and the people who cohabit it. I love the sight and sound of machines, so Two Lane Blacktop is a natural for me. In this case the machines are cars with their drivetrains at full tilt. A wonderful flavor is the whine of the special cut gears of the '55 Chevy's M22 transmission handling the power of the big 454 motor. The austerity and robot blankness of the characters and plot mate perfectly with the barren mechanical environment. The cross country scenery and coffee shop settings highlight the theme as well. Nothing pulls away from the dominating emphasis of machines. A very singular movie.
The thing that I like about Uncle Silas a.k.a. The Inheritance is that it is not your average thriller. The suspense is built slowly as we see things that affect the life of the heroine, but she is not aware of them yet. The movie builds up more and more and it becomes an exciting suspense movie that packs a punch even for its time. Jean Simmons is practically a child in this movie, she was so young and beautiful as always. Great acting and gloomy characters make this a fun movie to watch on a stormy night. Lovers of old Gothic tales and suspense movies will not be disappointed.
I love this film it is the greatest! Virginia was very sexy as the young unsuspecting student who investigates the murders of people of a murdered black slave who has a hook for a hand who lures his victims with candy but its really wrapped-up razors and then splits them wide open with his hook.I have said Candyman 5 times in the mirror and nothing happened! But it is a great film and the music is spooky but awesome and the setting is rather Silence of the Lambs like, remember Jodie in the garage well it Virginia in the wall of a ghetto building. Very Spooky! But Clever! 10/10
I guess if you like WE! or Oxygen, you'd probably like Blue Smoke. I am a fire investigator, so my wife thought I would probably like this movie. Appreciate the thought, but.... The movie starts with the newbie female arson investigator (a specialized police officer with fire investigation training) getting some fire suppression training by entering a live-fire smokehouse. Alone. In a smokehouse-maze with crazy trap doors, tunnels and ladders over fire pits. I understand movies are for entertainment, but at least a little realism would have been nice. The next 30 minutes is all relationships, flashbacks, idiots sleeping with curtains blowing across lit candles. Couldn't finish it.
We all interpret someone else's motivations and actions based upon a variety of subjective factors- our background, interpersonal history, friends/family influences . . . This short film really puts into focus how easily misinterpreted someone else's intentions can be based upon our own vantage point. And in 30 minutes it really makes you think and take stock of where you sit and how you would react to scenarios that the characters found themselves in. Would be really interesting to watch this movie with a group of friends both male/female to discuss our interpretations. Anyhow, highly recommend this film for entertainment value but also for some not too heavy philosophical thinking.
Neil Labute's in the company of men is a misogynistic look at the way men has to conquer women in and out of the bedroom. Aaron Eckhart plays a womanizer who makes a bet with a fellow co-worker to seduce a young deaf woman, and dump her in order to feed their misogynistic egos. In their pursuit of this innocent woman, they wine and dine her, and ultimately humiliate her in such a way that can only be describes as inhuman. Neil Labute's psychological masterpiece is a very sobering look at the game both sexes play, and the cruelty that we can inflict on ourselves. Prepare to be disturbed.
This film's main contribution must be that it constitutes irrefutable evidence against creationist notions of an intelligent designer of mankind. A truly intelligent designer would not just have provided us with eyelids to avoid watching this kind of rubbish, he would have given us earlids as well to protect our brains against the utterly inane and imbecille dialogue. Fortunately, we have legs, so at least one can walk away from what must be one of the worst movies ever made. It has NO redeeming features. It is not even bad in such a way as to be amusing or entertaining. It is just plain BAD. Inane, idiotic, imbecille, illogical, inconsistent...
Maybe "Lifeboat" wasn't Alfred Hitchcock's greatest movie, but it was still interesting. It tells of several people who survive a torpedoed ship and have to live together on a boat. On the boat, they've got more than a few surprises awaiting them, namely because of the men who torpedoed the ship is on board with them. The main character is vain heiress Connie Porter (Tallulah Bankhead), who can never seem to apply enough makeup. The other characters (William Bendix, Walter Slezak, Mary Anderson, John Hodiak, Henry Hull, Heather Angel, Hume Cronyn, Canada Lee) also have their quirks - and secrets. All in all, this is a perplexing, and delicious, movie.
The Love Bug is one of my favorite Disney movies. A movie about a car with a mind of it's own, a vw beetle with a heart, how could you not love a movie like that. Among all the great characters are the evil Peter Thorndyke, the beautiful Carole, the down on his luck driver Jim Douglas and the best one of the bunch Buddy Hackett as the wonderfully eccentric Tennessee Steinmetz, Tennessee has a Buddhist soul and does not discount the car as being alive. Love Bug is funny, sad and has scenes that will leave you to tears, you will laugh and shake your head. RIP Buddy wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This was a very good series. In each town the riverboat stopped in, some little drama would take place, with crew members getting involved in the local intrigue. The plots were always watchable and interesting, with occasional but excellent humor, and the acting was first rate. Darren McGavin was dashing as the captain (think Kolchak minus fifteen years). Darren McGavin was the star of this series. Yet, on his page, he's credited with being in one episode, and on this page appears not at all. IMDb's television series pages used to be pretty accurate, now a lot of stars show as limited guests on their own shows. What happened?
Much better than i expected. I first saw this film on one of those boring rainy days where you end up sitting in front of the TV channel surfing. i stopped while this was on. needless to say, i watched the whole thing and totally enjoyed it. it's very funny at times, and the plot is hilarious! some of the comedy is slapstick and some of it isn't...but it's all good. give it a rent and you won't be disappointed. i just picked up the DVD for 9.99 and i'm glad i did. yeahhhhhhhhhhh yeah yeah! (sorry, i need ten lines before i could post a comment)
The performances in this movie were so convincing that I found myself wanting to sit the starring trio down for a cup of coffee and a good old-fashioned intervention. It's so seldom that I find a movie of this caliber that's more gripping than it is entertaining. Only the most "grown-up" of movie goers will appreciate this truly compelling slice of life film. ENDURING LOVE is not for those who suffer from immaturity, ADD, or Mainstreamitis, although I find the three ailments are often interchangeable. If you couldn't care less about Paris Hilton's latest fiasco, or even better, you don't know who she is, then this movie is for you.
"Candyman:Day of the Dead" is an incredible pile of garbage.The script is not only awful,but extremely predictable with a totally pathetic ending(I won't go into it,but you might kick in your TV set after viewing it).The acting is really pitiful,with dialogue to match.OK,there are some nice splatter scenes(I like especially the sequence in the car when one guy is slowly gutted),but the rest of the film absolutely sucks.To sum up,"Candyman:Day of the Dead" is one of the worst horror movies ever made-bland,boring and mind numbingly stupid and gets 3 only because of some pretty good gore.I really like bad horror movies,but this is an insult.Avoid it at all costs.Not recommended.
I will keep this short. Think of the worst Indian Bollywood film ever made, plus the worst Finnish TV theater ever made, and add a few Troma movies. Then multiply how BAD they are together by 100 and you have how bad "DIS" really is. Nazi Germans Dr. Mengele could not have tortured me worse than this movie did, in the time I watched it. If you still do not get the point...maybe this movie IS something for YOU anyway... What is even worse is this movie is made in my Home Country. And I am in Shame! Shame that my country could turn out such a horrible movie!
One of the very worst slasher films ever made; a ski-masked killer is doing away with vacuous coeds for a reason that never really becomes clear. Not even a spark of originality and EVERY girl who dies struts around naked despite the obvious presence of the maniac in the house / woods / room. The only notable thing is a marginal appearance by Kevin Costner as a boyfriend who everyone thinks is the killer (but probably isn't if you've seen a few of these). Suspiciously, his name is elided completely from the film itself, and the way the end credits roll has to be seen to be believed. Awful.
I originally saw the film when it came out and only saw it again recently. Scenes from the film have stayed with me and I wasn't disappointed when it ran on TV. John Payne, The Boss, was a good Hollywood portrayal of a crime boss. The bad guys are really bad and the good guys are few. Crooked politics, payoffs, rub-outs, double-crosses, brawls, you name it and it's used. Payne was a popular actor in the 40's but I didn't appreciate him at the time. Based on this film I will try to see some of his others. If you liked Asphalt Jungle you probably would also like The Boss.
*** This review may contain spoilers *** His Girl Friday starts out strong with witty banter exchanged by Cary Grant as Walter Burns and Rosalind Russell as Hildy Johnson. Cary and Rosalind had a lot of chemistry in this film. Walter Burns is a blunt, impatient, controlling, man. I started out with a bit of sympathy for Hildy, who plays a woman who just wants a normal life away from journalism. Both characters turn out to be manipulative,unsympathetic, and very similar. The plot loses steam and is not very interesting, and is full of annoying characters. Everyone seems really corrupt. The movie started off really interesting, but couldn't sustain itself.
The movie does a nice job of contrasting Pacino as an insightful, sensitive, and articulate dude when sober, against someone who inevitably says and does really stupid things when he's blotto. I like the fact that the movie doesn't beat you over the head with this message. Pacino gives another outstanding performance, and he is beginning to look like the ultimate winner of the Pacino/DeNiro sweepstakes, based on lifetime achievement (although neither career is far from over). This makes a good double-bill with "The Big Easy." They both feature Ellen Barkin at a time in her career when sizzling sex scenes seemed to be written into her contract.
I saw this movie two years ago. Not a day goes by that I don't think of it. I have seen nothing like it, before or since. What begins as a simple concept grows into something truly horrific. It's effective imagery and straightforward storytelling leaves you feeling out of place and truly haunted. I think everyone should watch this movie. Do it soon before an American studio buys up the rights to re-make and ruin it. Certain aspects of this movie will not translate. Americans won't "get" it. But if you want to watch something that will thrill and terrify you for years, Kaïro will not disappoint.
This is such a poor Star Wars Light ripoff developed by a couple of cult religion Mormon morons. The whole show smacks of Mormon propaganda and religious overtones. The Mormon beliefs are almost impossible to take and that takes a lot away from the show. Special effects oddly hold up because they are fairly inert, but the stories are either boring or indirectly have something to do with Mormonism. Bonanza actor is woefully out of his element as the captain/commander of galactica. This show demonstrates what a bad actor he is. BTW, they even ripped off the sound effects from Star Wars. How low can these cult Mormon dips sink?
I was only 9 years old in 1968, but I was an avid television watcher, and I loved this TV show. My parents got me a Julia "Barbie" doll, even though I did not have any regular Barbie dolls. (We are a Caucasian family.) It is almost 40 years since I have seen an episode of Julia, but reading the other comments triggered a little memory for me. I remember the morality of the show. I remember respecting Julia. I remember liking her little boy for his respectfulness toward his mom. I remember it was an intelligent show, not a silly one. I loved this show.
I'm impressed. It was an all around good film. Perhaps I'm biased - Robert Frost's poem, A Road Not Taken, was quoted - yet so many other things were as well. It's not about poetry. It's about how you look at the world. How you look, how others look... how you think, how you feel... and a warning to never, ever become conformist (though being conformist about walking is perhaps slightly exaggerated). Never become conformist - always make up your own mind. I liked the music, as well. The bag pipes give a certain special touch. I gave it an 8/10 - a high score for me.
This movie came as a surprise, I never expected such a fast paced action movie produced in France. The ambiance is excellent, the story is a bit hard to follow and I'm afraid not at all well put together. But never the less it's a nice piece of work for the positive points, in terms of quality, aside from the storyline, some thriller-like scenes are too exaggerated (almost like a bad horror movie), the same exaggeration happens with some action scenes also. Overall this movie is a must for action movie and thriller fans but be prepared to need a bit of attention to follow a averagely accomplished script.
Despite some good production values and the performance of Anthony Hopkins as Dr. Kellogg, I thought that "The Road to Wellville" was a major embarrassment. As it has been proved more than a few times, just because there's a strong cast doesn't mean that the movie will be a success. I guess the mention of enemas as a punchline in almost every other joke in the movie made it such a low-grade, sophomoric comedy. Perhaps it should have been a low-budget, college campus comedy instead of an expensive, health farm comedy. "The Road to Wellville" was one of the worst films in director Alan Parker's career.
I don't even have words to express how I feel about this movie/documentary. All I can say is that it moves me to tears every time I watch it. And for what it is worth...I am a 50 year old white male school teacher. Well..that was all I was going to say, but I see I have to do ten lines. I could actually write a 1000 lines about this movie but I won't. How about some adjectives.....brilliant, breathtaking, stunning, moving, tender, brutal, harsh, real, beautiful, heartbreaking, uplifting...just a few off the top of my head. Thank you so much Mr. Lachappelle for making this wonderful film...it changed my life.
It has struck me that despite the implausible pairing of Quincy with much younger women, the clashes with the management and the police, this show covered some pretty controversial topics for a 30 year old mainstream show:- * Teenage alcoholism * Elder abuse * Mental health issues * Legislation for lief jackets on plains * Drunk driving *Public health issues such as food contamination/pollution Yes it can be cheesy but I still find many of them watchable and find the range of issues covered impressive for the times. I also think it's quite cool that Mark was actually a technician not an actor who is now a leading DNA expert!
Very cheesy, direct to video B-movie. Although the acting was pretty good. There were a lot of first rate actors in the movie Ernie Hudson, Nia Long, Donnie Wahlberg, etc. The story was cheesy and simplistic. It was not very interesting and although I actually watched the whole thing I was rather bored with it. I can see why this was not distributed in movie theaters. I don't think it would have done very well. My advice is don't spend your hard earned money to rent this. Wait for it to come on cable or borrow it from somebody who has already wasted their money on it like I did.
As my folks both worked in mental health care facilities, this movie reminded me of visits to their workplace. The audience at my screening were very quiet, yes I know it is a drama, but some aspects of Charlie behavior and reactions of others is quite funny. I felt guilty laughing in some scenes, hopefully it is not a sign of underlying mental issues! It does make you feel for those who care and live with people with special needs. A movie such as should be a real wake up call, love your family, it's the only one you have got. A good movie overall. 7/10
I was frankly shocked to see something this good on commercial TV. A great story, great acting, great cinematography, and so true in every detail. How it ever got by the ABC execs I'll never know, since it's just miles ahead of the usual garbage they present. Of course it tanked in the ratings, but I don't think it was promoted too well. The one gripe I had was the constant and lengthy commercial breaks that thoroughly broke up the flow (well, I guess that's how they paid for it...). How about PBS picking up the actors, crew, consultants and writers for a series? Yoohoo, Ken Burns where are you??
Jeannie Berlin (as Grodin's wife Lila) has been sadly undermentioned in all of the comments. What a wonderful performance. She is so "out there"--watch her eat an egg-salad sandwich and then try to picture one of today's actresses willing to look so natural and vulnerable. (Well, maybe Cameron Diaz with her "hair gel" in "There's Something About Mary.") But Berlin's performance is so believable. I wish she had done more over the years. And please note the beauty of Cybill Shepherd's figure in the surf scenes. How refreshing to see something other than one of today's stick figures as the objection of desire. She is healthy, lush, and gorgeous.
Changing the past to affect the future may not be a new concept in film, but "Frequency" handles it deftly and with heart. The acting is superb, and as far as I can tell the plot is nearly airtight. It keeps you on your toes as the story twists in what feels like six directions at once and keeps you in emotional sync with the characters. The past/present connections are stirring and intriguing, especially the single-flash cuts at pivotal moments. This is one of the few movies about which I can honestly say, "I laughed, I cried, I was scared stupid." Truly the only good movie so far this year.
Just watched this Oscar-nominated animated short by Caroline Leaf on the National Film Board of Canada blog as linked from Warren Leonhardt's blog. It's basically an autobiographical look at the childhood of the writer, Mordecai Richler, as he relates the last days of his grandmother's life and his mother's devotion to her. Except for what his sister mentions what possibly happens when someone is hanging, this might be a good educational experience for an under-12 to watch with a parent if that child wanted to know what dying was like. The watercolor images on glass are really compelling here. So on that note, I highly recommend Caroline Leaf's The Street.
If nothing else, "I Call First" (retitled "Who's That Knocking at My Door") is a before-they-were-famous relic for Martin Scorsese and Harvey Keitel. The somewhat convoluted plot has young J.R. (Keitel) feeling that he has to take charge when he learns what happened to his hubby (Zina Bethune). This is one of those movies taking a rather gritty look at the world of Italian-Americans, before it became a cliché. So, overall this isn't a masterpiece, but Scorsese was definitely showing the sensibility that he brought to his later movies. I'd recommend it. Not that this is really related, but why has Martin Scorsese still not won an Oscar?!
One look at this show and you know that it's devoid of all intelligence and a completely frustrating, painful waste of time. All the other reviews have covered how shallow and ridiculous Super Sweet Sixteen is, but I've figured out what the show needs: Follow up episodes. A few years down the line Mtv should document the mental breakdown every single one of these sons and daughters will have when their luck runs out and they realize how pointless their existence is, or when they end up in rehab from their drug/alcohol/eating disorder issue and how they finally grow up from it. That's a show I would watch.
Having missed the original television presentations, have long wanted to see this production, knowing the strength of the Goulet and Howes talents. (In the movie, Hollywood did a terrible job with the music!) Finally, a clip is available on YOUTUBE.COM of the full "Heather On The Hill" with Goulet and Howes. It is a delight -- but a fair warning: it whets your appetite for more which, sadly, is not available. But check it out and enjoy....... Goulet's and Howes' voices are certainly in their prime, and this particular number appears to be shot on location -- wonderful vistas combine with perhaps the most beautiful piece in the Brigadoon score.
Not your slam bang big budget action film by any means. If you're looking for a recent exemplar of the well crafted, low budget, independent film, this is it. It's the kind of film you might want to see by yourself so that there's no chance for comment or interruption. The characters gradually emerge, the plot thickens, and you're with it all the way. What a talented group of actors this is and the direction and cinematography are absolutely fascinating. My only complaints are that the music is sometime intrusive, disruptive and the tennis match is a little trite -- small criticisms for what is otherwise a really nice movie.
Jakob the Liar is not a great film, but it is worth watching. The only bad thing about it is the fact that it's too sad. Although the movie has some light parts in it, it's not light enough to replace all the killings and the executions in the movie. Robin Williams gives a great performance and so does every single actor in the movie. I've just watched the movie and didn't see one actor that wasn't acting good. Hannah Taylor Gordon also gives a great performance and I think she will become a great actress. If you haven't seen Jakob the Liar, you should, although it is very sad.
Perhaps best described as Good Morning Vietnam meets Schindler's List. Robin Williams plays Jakob, a Jewish prisoner in WW2 Germany who hears some news about the approaching Russian army, and lets it slip to his friend Mischa who believes Jakob has a radio to have gotten this news. Rumors then spread throughout the Jewish ghetto and soon everyone believes he has a radio, so he decides to make up news in order to give them some sense of hope in this holocaust. It's important to note that Williams is NOT trying to be funny in this film, which is appropriate considering the setting. Well written and produced with noteworthy performances
Being a big fan of the original Ski School film I was very disappointed in this follow up. Many of the key elements that made the orginal successful are missing in this. These include the wonderfull supporting cast of section 8 that dwelled at the resort, particularly Ed and Fitz, that Dave led. This has therefore resulted in a lack of on-screen chemistry with the new line up and as such the laughs have been very infrequent. In addition Dave is matched with a poor "baddie" and again adds to the downbeat theme of the film. If you want a really good laugh then watch the original Ski School.
"Imagine That" is by my humbly opinion one of the best Movies i watched this year. After all daily stress that we have in everyday's surrounding this movie truly made my evening. For the 1h and 45 minutes that it took it truly filed me with enough positive energy and relaxation. Yara Shahidi with Eddie Murphy done a great job in this movie. Eddie Murphy is born for movies with children. Similar to this one is Daddy Day Care and if I'm him i would act only in movies for children. And every one will be a 10 star movie. I recommend it to everyone. Don't miss it!!!
Prag is not only a good feature with a tense atmosphere between two people who are breaking up. It is also a very well shot production (by DoP Jørgen Johansson) who has exploited the Digital Intermediate post production route to the hilt but in a very subtle way. Almost every shot has been treated with advanced secondary color corrections and windows. Red's and blue's are emphasized while most of the images remain slightly desaturated. The shooting format is s35 (3-perf.) flat stretched to 2:35 scope for the cinema release. The television version is 1:78 (16:9) retaining full height aspect ration. Enjoy this production hopefully digitally projected or on HD DVD.
I have always enjoyed movies from this director. Thakshak was excellent as well. Dev is no different. Many intelligent, thought provoking conversations between Mr. Bacchhan and Mr. Puri (sadly, director felt that they needed alcohol to speak their minds). Both were excellent, by the way. Acting from the two vets was of highest standard. Kareena and Fardheen were okay in comparison. I did not feel that the story presented only one side of the story or that what it presented was "ardh satya"- Dev and Tej are narrators who present the two sides of the story. A rare break from the overdose of formula movies from Bollywood. 8/10
This is like watching a Jean Genet novel translated into Portuguese and relocated to Brazil, circa 1930. All the characters are present: thieves and whores, drag queens and murders, love and hate. Lázaro Ramos, as Madame Satã, gives a wonderful performance that gives real meaning to the word `fierce';a complicated man whose only possible response to a world that hates him is to rage against it. And what rage! And what love! The family he pieces together, as wounded and damaged as he is, provides the only constant in a life that poverty and exile have doomed to chaos. Karim Ainouz, the director, must be congratulated on this courageous film.
Loved the movie. Old fashion love story despite the perhaps arguable marriage angle distraction. The scenery is BEAUTIFUL, especially good for a cold winter night's viewing by a fireplace. I thought the subtle differences in what was acceptable in the 30s and today was quite remarkable too. Especially when Cooper sat on the end of the bed during his conversation (which was by itself quite the fuss back than)with the girl. Overall the story also gives an interesting review of immigration and the nation's feelings about it. Hard work was certainly central to the movie's theme and of course the end is tragic as the guy doesn't get the girl.
i had very low hopes for this eight and final installment in the original Pink Panther series of films.i just didn't believe Roberto Benigni would be a good fit.i'm happy to say i was wrong.Benigni was the best part of the film.he was brilliant,exceptionally funny.the man is a natural born comedian,with great comedic timing or at least it looks that way in this movie.beyond that,though,the slapstick sequences actually work much better here than in the previous movies.i laughed out loud a lot during this film.i don't agree at all with the the undeserved(in my opinion)current rating on this site of 3.5/10.for me,Son of the Pink Panther is an 8.5 1/0
I love this freaking comedy! It is the most funniest Adult Swim series since "The Boondocks". I love the "Transformers-Optimus Prime dies of prostate cancer" skit. I love the "The Robot Chicken Half Assed Christmas Special" last Christmas 2007. I really love "The Robot Chicken Star Wars Special". My most favorite was the "I'm so happy cause I'm a Gummy Bear" skit. You will be rolling around the floor laughing until you pee your pants. Watch this show and you will be satisfied...with constant laughing. Warning!: This cartoon may have some inappropriate scenes in their skits like the ones I mentioned above. This Adult Swim people. Not Nick, Jr.
This is a really cool movie! I enjoyed it immensely, and watch it every time it is on TV. This movie, "Ghost Cat", deserves to be on DVD! It's the ultimate Halloween movie for the whole family. If you are an animal lover, "Ghost Cat" will be one of your favorite movies. Maybe if we all contact Animal Planet, or the Studio that made the movie, and ask them to put this movie on DVD, they will. Ghost Cat has a special charm to it, that is sorely lacking in many movies. It is a very special movie. Let's put it on DVD!
Khamosh Pani is really beautifully made movie. It's most important part is it's such a real shooting locations and perfect story line. It brings up the important issues associated with Indo-Pak partition. It's beauty is enhanced by it's wonderful and soul touching music. Most beautiful being the nawaaz when saleem is sitting on the roof of some sort of fort. As you watch the movie you go through some questions related to general conceptions of religion, human existence and some events related to partition. This thing makes the movie worth watching as many times you want to see it. Over all the best movie I have ever seen.
Beware...spoilers ahead. Low budget...great film. Blood, gore and sex, what else could you ask for. The nail gun is an unusual tool for the genre. They made good use of it. I especially love the hearse. Nice touch. considering i have two of my own. Although the taped helmet is tacky is was a simple solution to hide the killers identity without labeling him without a distinct face...like Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees. I even love the cliché vengeance motive. All in all it is a cheesy movie; but isn't that the reason for movies... suspension of reality. Or total disregard for taste. Fortunately both are my cup of tea.
Three likable leads (Susan Saint James, Jane Curtin, and Jessica Lange) are pretty much wasted in gloppy, colorless comedy about suburban housewives--put-upon and desperate!!--scheming to rob a shopping mall of its contest booty. Too few visual gags and a stale script rob this movie of its charm, with the actresses struggling not to look like caustic harpies. Robert Scheerer directs as if he were working for television, with a cramped budget that makes the whole thing look junky. Good supporting cast (Dabney Coleman, Richard Benjamin) is given little to do, and the ingenuity of the women is passed over for dumbed down slapstick and a T&A shot. *1/2 from ****
The only player who can act even marginally in this turkey is Kurtwood Smith but, of course, he had practice in the Robocop series. Loryn Locklin had no such experience, She wanders in a daze through the conventional plot, resembling a lost cocker spaniel. Christopher Lambert, on the other hand, never seems dazed, alternatively sullen or glowering. It seems clear that the producers spent all that money on special effects to divert attention from a cast that might be more usefully employed in a fast-food restaurant. If the producers really wanted to improve movies, they would send Locklin and Lambert to acting school. "Crimes does not pay"--neither do bad movies.
This movie is the best movie ever made. If I were to rate this movie... with 1 being not so extreme, and 10 being extremely extreme I would definitely give this movie a 10. The only other thing I can think of off the top of my head that is actually better than this extremely original story-driven movie is Armen and Bullik (quite possibly the best TV show ever). I mean seriously there is no movie better than this one. It has everything you could possibly ask for in a movie. Drama, Action, Suspense, Supreme Martial Arts tactics... I mean everything! This movie is a must see!
This is definitely Jet Li's best action movie since he came over from Hong Kong. Some scenes reminiscent of Fist of Legend in this one. Quite well choreographed fight scenes with good realistic violence a la Bruce Lee. The plot is rather formulaic, as is much of the dialogue (I expected better from Besson), but the movie has a bit of the 'Nikita' flair (guys going crazy with fully automatic weapons in public places). A bit too much talking and not enough fighting, but far superior to 'Romeo Must Die'. The use of no wires is also a very nice touch. Best action movie of this summer so far. (8/10)
Every decade has a style. The 1940's after the war had a very slick style. This movie has plenty of this slick style. The music is some of the best swing and the camera work and some of the way shots are framed is excellent. You can't look past the acting either. Everybody plays their part to the fullest and there is a wonderful cameo by the late Lloyd Bridges as a dirty politician. If you like cars, rent this movie. If you like the 40's, rent this movie. If you like good movies, rent this movie. This is one of the most underrated movies in the last 15 years.
Don't expect dandies donning top hats in this gritty working man's drama. This one grabs you early with good outdoor photography and develops nicely with solid characters and drama. The heavy handedness of the plot is typical, but what makes the movie is its frank, realistic dialogue. If you've seen many of these old movies, you know how stylized and fakey the acting usually is. Also, early 30's camera-work is often stiff and stagy. This film really impresses with its excellent acting and highly innovative photography. The scene with the blind man feeling his way around the rail yard in a rainstorm is especially well done. What a great surprise!
Absolutely glorious series. All the actors in this series are in or have been in American films but they have always been underrated and are some of the best actors alive. There are more dames and knights than you can believe. Derek Jacobi is breathtaking in his performance. Sian Phillips is subtly evil. John Hurt as Caligula shines with madness. The sets are unbelievable considering the small budget they had. The most shocking thing is that everything in one sense or another is true. These people really did die these ways. It will take you completely out of your everyday life and deposit you in the world of the Romans.
And by God you'll wish he had. Well received within indie circuits this is invariably described as humorous and subtle with great characterisations. God knows where people get this view from. The script contains no subtlety or finesse, giving us the bare bones of what passes for key moments in the story, and features dialogue that makes you presume it was written in a foreign language and then translated using Google. Apparently a story of teaching those who have given up on life to reclaim it, it left us with a feeling that those who reclaimed didn't deserve it and should have been left to die in the opening scene.
This little black and white gem features Alec Guinness("Lawrence of Arabia" "Star Wars-A New Hope") and Jack Hawkins("Ben Hur") as the opposing sides in a subtle film of brainwashing and psychological torture. Guinness is the Cardinal, a cold, authoritarian leader of the church against the state. Hawkins is the specialist who must break him in a very short period of time to embarrass the church and remove it's power with the people. Both men are destined to come out of the experience changed forever. With a fine supporting cast, the film is centered on these two very strong performances which give the cold war a brand new meaning.
"The Bachelor and the Bobby Soxer" offered Cary Grant a plum comedy role, which he obviously relished with glee. It got him cast as a smart artist playboy paired with no nonsense judge Myrna Loy, whose younger sister, Shirley Temple, has some growing up pains to work through. This trio, assisted by Ray Collins, Harry Davenport, and Rudy Vallee in a very funny turn, work together for some good laughs, thanks to a clever original script by Sidney Sheldon. A sequence at a park picnic is hilarious. A nice little comedy, representative of the post-WWII period as folks were looking for light entertainment and approaching the 50s with bright anticipation.
The life of illegal immigrants, in Buenos Aires or in another place in the world, is a black & white life, the colors are off. For telling the routine of a Bolivian cook, alone, sleeping in a bar, with his wife and children living 1500 miles away, disturbed everyday by police asking for his papers, white and black are enough. You won't find here famous actors or great special effects. Almost the whole movie occurs in a cheap neighbourhood bar. But the story is universal, it could be a Turkey in Munich, a Tunisian in Marsella or a Mexican in Los Angeles. Hector Kesselman, Buenos Aires, Argentina
This movie is an accurate portrayal of the hardships that a young man faces. He leaves his community in which he was raised. The problem arises due to the limitations the community. In the community he does not learn how to read, write or speak English, nor is he given any skills that will enable him to make it in the outside world. Mendy is a young man who searches We watch him transform and find his peace. The ending is profound. We are left wondering about his life. But most important we are left hoping that throughout his journeys he will continue to remain true to himself.
I have always been a sucker for classic comedy and this movie is great fun. I understand that the O'Toole character was based on Errol Flynn, even though he had died before this movie supposedly is set. O'Toole is great in the role. I was born in1952, so it is nice to see what fashions, cars and other things looked like in the New York of that era. The King Kayser character has echoes of Sid Caesar when you hear him. This movie is one to watch if you want something to watch on a night when there's nothing else on. George Senda Concord, Ca
some good gory scenes, otherwise the continuity, and other factors concerning the production sux. the actors are kinda bad... the plot if there is one is not that great =D it reminded me of a porn flick =D if there were no gore, this movie would not be watchable. i little boring i guess... i was reading a book, while watching this one... and i watched just the parts with the gore. this movie is definitely not a winner, but i've seen worse, unless you have really nothing else to do, then you can watch. oh lord the radio part is real crappy =D
I rented this with very low expectations and thought i would at least have a good laugh or two. But 40+ minutes go bye and absolutely nothing happens except terrible camera work along with worse acting. As i further watched this "film" i became aggravated and eventually turned it off. If you are looking for a horror movie that could possibly make you pee yourself out of laughter. This is not it. One that i would personally recommend because it is very comical throughout is Mr. Jingles. Better camera, Just as corny but keeps your attention throughout and doesn't cause you to want to shoot your self in the foot.
There's hardly a smile to be found in this dark, brooding, oppressively heavy drama which tells of an American DEA agent (Keitel) who comes to London to assist in the capture of a drug trafficker as the UK bends under the strain of a virulent drug trade. The camera spends most of the time examining the bleak, grim, and sad expressions of police, innocents, and others caught up in the drug war leaving the plot muddled and somewhat buried in its attempt to show that where drugs are involved there are no winners. A powerfully compelling drama for those who can appreciate the reality of the lose-lose nature of crime.
This show is by no means "great" or sweeping in its view. It isn't groundbreaking or original. But, where there are cons, there are pros. Pros: Solid writing, twisty plots, good suspense, solid character builds, and it has a knack for being funny and entertaining. I have never seen an episode that wasn't decent. That say's something about quality. Cons: Sometimes the plots can be derivative or questionable, never really gets edgy, characters, though well drawn, never get out of place. Can at times be a bit mundane. But, overall, I am sorry I put this show off for four years. It is usually entertaining. Recommended.
The story is centered around a psychologist(Robert De Niro) and his daughter(Dakota Fanning). They move over to a house by the countryside when De Niro's wife is mysteriously murdered. There Emily(Dakota Famming) makes a new mysterious friend named Charlie. De Niro is initially happy to find her making new friends but this slowly turns to dread as he sees his own daughter turning against him and preferring to stay with Charlie himself. Add to that that he does not get to ever meet the mysterious Charlie. The scene turns ugly when Charlie starts killing people. A thriller to boot with the ultimate climax being finding out who Charlie really is.
I think Jay Leno's Tonight Show was considerably better. Conan does a decent job on the show, but somehow Leno's style worked better, and Conan's style worked more on his Late Night program. While they can be funny at times, Conan's jokes and routines (with the possible exception of in the year 2000, which I believe has now been renamed in the year 3000) aren't as funny or as clever. Admittedly, it can work sometimes, and his interviewing style is passable, but I prefer Leno and can't wait for Jay's new talk show to debut in the fall. My final verdict:passable. Just barely. His off-beat wit is Conan's saving grace.
This was one of the best films I have seen in quite some time.It was very easy to get caught up in the story.The children captured my heart,even though at times they were dreadful little monsters. Emma Thompson was magnificent as the loving and caring Nanny McPhee.The story,the casting,and the writing,all came together to make this a perfectly enchanting film.Every actor/actress brought something wonderful,that made them more than just two dimensional characters pulled from the pages of a book. If you haven't seen it yet,I recommend that you do.Even if you don't have a child to share this movie with, you will enjoy the very endearing Nanny McPhee(warts and all).
I saw Danika's world premiere at the CineVegas film festival this past weekend. It was an excellent psychological thriller with many twists and turns. Marisa Tomei is exceptionally convincing in the lead role as a soccer mom tortured by visions which could be premonitions or hallucinations. The action in the movie intersperses tension-building dialog and dramatically shocking visuals with tremendous effectiveness. The supporting cast is also exceptional in the roles and convince you of the impact that Danika's visions are having upon them. Regina Hall is especially impressive as Danika's psychologist. I would highly recommend seeking this movie out if it comes to a festival or theater near you!
Did I waste my time. This is very pretentious film. In the beginning you will think there's something going on but by the time some 30 minutes go by you realize nothing is happening. I waited for another 20 minutes and by then i was so frustrated that I started reading reviews on IMDb and realized that the director has wasted precious time of so many people. Unbelievably boring pointless film. Stay away. So many good soundtracks. I will give one point for the police inspector joke because that worked for me. I laughed for a long time but otherwise a very bad film. Stay away.1 on 10.
Having just watched this movie at its premier as part of the London Film Festival 2003, I have to say I came out being sorely disappointed. The movie is basically a series of loosely coupled cinematic clichés stitched together in a rom-com template. First timer Karl Golden has mistakenly crammed too many tricks on to the screen, and the jarring jump-cuts, grainy stock and jerky camera movements are not innovative, merely annoying and nauseating. It is truly a sad indictment of the state of the British film industry when funding can be made available for predictable, plodding, saccharine nonsense like this at the expense of other more worthy projects.
I really like Mick Molloy, "Crackerjack" being one of his best and I liked the trailers for Boytown, so expected to love it. However, something is wrong with the comic timing in this venture. There were a few genuine raucous laughs but this was mostly really feeble painful try hard humour that made me cringe and wince instead of laugh. The music to the songs was reasonable enough, but the lyrics were all pathetic and unfortunately there were too many lame songs and not enough substance. Mick, please try for your more subtle brand of humour next time. Your "Mum" was the only entertaining character in this venture.
This film was sometimes good, but far too often things got silly and it became hard to take the movie seriously. The more dramatic parts actually aren't that bad, but there are many pointless and fluffy moments in this film, and they really killed any momentum. About an hour in, it was clear that this film would only be good in brief spurts, so in addition to being irritated by dumb scenes, I was getting somewhat bored as well. And then there was the predictability of the whole story. So all-in-all, there isn't much to recommend about this film, and therefore I wouldn't suggest that anyone bother with this movie.
What's the fun of watching a cartoon about a boy who gets grounded for every little thing he does? It's basically watching a boy get tortured by a man. The show is lame. The catchphrases are lame. "Radical!" Like I never heard that before. I don't have an interest in surfing, skating, or anything of the sort. This show is just as lame as a show can get. I wonder if they still air it. I do not recommend this show for anyone without an interest in sports. Even if you do have an interest in sports, watching a little boy get grounded every episode is not entertainment.
The tale of "Heidi" is such a groaner that it manages to defeat any little, bright-eyed young actress who stars in it, yet they keep trying. Here, it's Shirley Temple's turn at the waterworks playing a spunky young orphan living with her kindly grandpa in a Swiss village, kidnapped by a scheming relative and taken off to live with a rich, unpleasant brood in Germany. Was there ever a more contemptible or manipulative kids' story than this? Treacly hokum is mixed with melodramatic hysteria, with enough story contrivances to fill up several pictures. Kids seem to get caught up in it; adults may go a little batty. *1/2 from ****
I stumbled across this movie one of the 5 million times that HBO showed it my Junior year of College... If you like cardboard cutouts in the crowd...wrestling moves that are supported by visible wires...and a plot that a monkey could write...then rent this movie... Terrible...awful...but not the worse...there is always Congo...where you want to make an ash tray out of the stupid monkeys head...but that is another rant... If you want to see a good action space movie...that is brainless...see the motion picture classic and guilty pleasure Starship Troopers...lead by Doogie Howser...stay away from this piece of garbage that could of been shot in someones garage...
This is a movie with a nice story, but I've never seen De Niro's wonderful acting totally wasted as in this movie; his performance is good, if he acts to render a shy, dumb, introvert cop/detective that is somewhat involved in a small-mafia situation, but , to be honest, people want to see him cool, outgoing, self-confident.. It's not the role for him, definitely. Bill Murray fits a little bit better, but it appears unpleasant, most of the time ... Uma Thurman has the best character, and as a whole, I'd say that the movie is worth a view, but it will seldom make you laugh ...
This movie has nothing to do with Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island. Poorly put together with a terrible cast, and awful dialog. The actors can't even deliver a line with french accent. Lance has come a long way from being "brilliant" in Aliens. The people behind this load of poop had to be kidding. Too bad there are no funny lines in it. This is a plastic-bag with the label "Instant pirates, just add crap" This movie just hurts. Nothing more to say but to add this quote... "Patience my dear, we're going to an island. I'm sure there be plenty of bitches for all of us"
This movie is simply bad. And not in an amusing way. I'm amazed how they thought they'd earn money on this? It's simply too crappy. In fact the costumes and overall quality of the movie is so low, that when we starting to watch this movie, I freaked out a little: I thought I'd mistakenly put on a porn flick. I'm sorry to say, but that's the only laugh we got out of this movie. If you watch porn movies for the story -- then this movie is for you. Don't waste your time on this one. I've already wasted too much.
Difficult to tell actually who is copying whom since apparently Deep Core is dated 2000 and The Core is dated 2003. At any rate, the similarities (but not the budgets) are compelling: 1)Laser-operated drilling gizmo for going through the Earth 2) Lots of magma around 3) People get snuffed by magma 4) Earth put in peril by misuse of something related to drilling/earthquakes 5) Nukes needed to restore balance 6) Five nukes required 7) Detachable unit(s), at least one required for success. Draw your own conclusions. I must admit that Wil Wheaton did a credible job. I didn't mind him getting snuffed though. Oz
Lewis Teague's sequel to Robert Zemeckis' 1984 smash hit "Romancing the Stone" is a very similar adventure-romance, only it's a lot sillier. Once again we follow novelist 'Joan Wilder' and her lover 'Jack Colton', this time across Egypt as they romance a very different kind of stone. Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner reprise their roles with no great flair, while Danny De Vito (in tow) provides some comic relief. "The Jewel of the Nile" does remain light-hearted which it needs to as it is often a little naive. Overall though the yarn leaves us relatively uninspired and lives up to its predecessor. Thursday, October 29, 1992 - Video
This movie was by far one of the top worst comedy's I've ever seen. There was nothing good about this movie. It was horrible in the beginning and it was even worse at the end. While watching this movie I just became frustrated with it. I wanted to see a comedy. I knew the movie wasn't going to be a great comedy but I at least expected a few good laughs, but instead I got nothing. That just really sucked. If you want to see a comedy, well then, you should rethink wasting your time, and just wait until something better comes out. Don't Waste Your Time
...to watch this movie. Well to start watching this movie anyway, I couldn't bear more than 20 Min's. Really was the biggest pile of sweaty sack to be given the title of a "movie" I know it's supposed to be a spoof but it's just not in anyway funny, it's shockingly childish. The acting is not even worthy of a children's TV programme. For the majority of the 20 Min's my boyfriend and I just stared at each other in disbelief that some complete twot agreed to fund this! Please save yourself the time. Unless you are 10 years old or younger, then you might find yourself mildly entertained!
Mind-bogglingly bad Disney comedy pits middle-aged sweethearts Chevy Chase and Farrah Fawcett against Fawcett's prankish pre-teen son Jonathan Taylor Thomas (that smug Keebler elf from the TV sitcom "Home Improvement"). After single mom Farrah brings new love-interest Chevy home to meet her kid, Taylor resorts to juvenile tomfoolery to scare the suitor away...sound familiar? Taking its cue from "The Parent Trap", but blessedly giving us only one child at the helm, this lame-duck script has nowhere to go after the initial set-up. Nice to see Chase and Fawcett together (the original choices for "Foul Play"), but the comic chaos which erupts here is only for undiscriminating viewers. * from ****
This film was not scary or creepy. It was a pathetic version of "chuckie", yet shorter. If you are looking for a decent horror movie, your not in the right area.It was an alright episode, but not if your looking for scary. It was unrealistic, more supernatural. Also quite bad acting if i must say. I would recommend, 'The haunting in Kenetticut'. Its scary, mind-controlling. It is far more advanced then this excuse of a horror. I watched it with a group of friend, you'll be looking round corners, closing curtains and leaving lights on. I leaves you with nightmares. I really think you should consider this as an alternative.
I've sat through less painful operations than the time I spent watching this film. If you give it a try thinking it's going to be something in the vein of a Guy Ritchie flick.....Think again! The production, dialogue, acting, script , film work and plot were about the worst I've ever seen in a film. My fave part in all honesty was the closing credits. In all the history of cinema has there never been a better excuse for turning off the TV and going out and doing something better with your life. Have root canal work done rather than wasting your time and money on this!
I've seen plenty of stupid and utterly worthless slasher flicks,but "Fatal Pulse" manages to be the worst of them all(still I need to see "Blood Lake" and "The Last Slumber Party").It's extremely routine and offers zero surprises.The plot is simple:a black-gloved killer is knocking off sorority sisters...The acting is awful,the gore is non-existent and the killings are lame(the victims are strangled,electrocuted,etc.)However one killing totally cracked me up:unlucky sorority girl has her throat slashed with a record.There is also plenty of nudity to satisfy some teenagers.Avoid this crap like the plague.3 out of 10.Give it a look only if you are a masochist or a rabid collector of low-budget slasher movies.
To start, the young boy in "Baxter" gives a highly credible, palpably evil performance as the young, Nazi-obsessed boy who comes to own this very strange pitbull suffering from existential dilemmas. The movie is also helped by the sense of dread hanging over every scene with the dog. If you've been trained to be wary of pitbulls, this movie will freak you out. The whole thing adds up, however, to little more than an exercise in morbidity. While it accomplishes that goal very smoothly, there isn't much else to recommend "Baxter." The rest of the characters aren't very well fleshed-out, and the dog's endless yammering is laughable. 4/10.
Hugh Grant reprises his old moves in a film that reprises old themes for laughs. Recent (noughties) Hugh Grant films have had a knowing respectability about them. Before these were films like 9 Months and this one - recycled, market driven nonsense. So we're given the cast of The Sopranos (apparently), a ratpack soundtrack and endless, feeble mobflick parody that's not funny but black, stifling and cringeworthy by turns. Even Jeanne Tripplehorn is miscast, bringing too much gravity to her functional love interest. It's surprisingly difficult to pull off black comedy - applying the funnies to the wiseguys is no different and this one pretty much fails. 2/10
Wonderfully aloof writer-director Hal Hartley hits a speedbump with this heavy-handed comic oddity about eccentrics, losers and assorted misfits. Isabelle Huppert plays a former nun who is trying her hand at writing sexual fiction; Martin Donovan is an amnesiac (groan) she picks up in a diner. Hartley, who had his biggest success with this formula via 1991's dryly goofy and charming "Trust", is too self-conscious this time out, and the results are twee. Several funny lines cannot compensate for an ugly look and an overall lack of interest in these characters. Supporting cast of crazies includes Parker Posey, but "Amateur" skirts a dead-eyed blandness at every turn. * from ****
Natural City is plain awful. Possibly one of the worst cinema experiences I've had so far. Not only are many story ideas badly stolen from scifi-classics such as Blade Runner or 5th Element, but the whole scenario is so pathetic and kitschy that the viewer is constantly fighting slumbering away. Mr Min Byung-chun, if you don't have any good ideas for a movie then leave it be but don't torture audiences with a horrible rip-off of good movies! The CGI sucks, the dialogue is repetitive and boring, the actors are terrible throughout and the action finale is an endless joke. Stay away from this garbage! 1/10 points.
What a colossal disappointment. Another movie with a great trailer that cons the naive movie goer. I would nominate the trailer for an Academy and a lawsuit for misleading advertisement. this is just a bad movie. It has an unimaginative plot, cheesy character development, lame action sequences, and an ending guaranteed to frustrate even the nerdiest gore-aholic. Save your money, wait for the rental. If you feel compelled to see it, take my advice and pretend you're going to a comedy. You will get more out of it, and laughter is always better than crying. Thank god my son lied about his age so I didn't feel totally ripped off.
Poor Guy Ritchie wannabe tells the thin story of gambling addict Laura (Hjejle, in an annoying one-note performance) hooking up with hard-nosed debt collector Claus (Bodnia, a bit more softhearted than usual, but on autopilot most of the time - he should definitely resume working with better directors). Spang Olsen's direction is less incompetent than usual, but with the emphasis less on action this time, the film also suffers from many dull stretches. Nikolaj Peyk's supposedly "authentic" dialog is simply not funny. A bunch of good actors are wasted in bit parts (Erik Clausen in particular) and a highly inappropriate soundtrack, as another user mentioned, make for an unimpressive movie.
This movie was one of the first made after the MPAA rating system replaced the Hayes code, and people could make porn commercially. Originally, it got an X rating, and they trimmed it down a bit to give it an R. Basically, it parodies the Flash Gordan serials of the 1930's, with stop-motion animation monsters and cheap space ships. The jokes aren't really funny, the sex isn't very passionate, the acting is awful and the special effects are cheap. Yet, oddly, it is unintentionally funny. The scene at the end with the jive-talking giant monster is probably the best part. worth watching for a laugh... maybe once.
This movie is tiresome, not funny, and with Brando playing an Asian including fake eye makeup and a buck-toothed accent offensively racist. Ouch, what a waste of a rental. Stay away from this turkey. It seems to have been made on a shoestring, at one point during the introductory scene the boom mike dips into the picture as it follows a young Harry Morgan down to the floor. In another scene, a posturing wrestler chosen as a town leader inadvertently almost stumbles off the podium - they never stopped the camera, just kept filming as Glenn Ford seems to badly ad lib his lines. Save your money and your time.
It's not too often that a movie comes along that is so bad it makes me angry... but this is one. I kept waiting for a laugh that never came, and was further insulted by the non-committal soundtrack. Was it supposed to insinuate girl-power? Maybe if you like country/rock uplifting go-girl artists... maybe its just me. Mike Myers absolutely stole the few scenes he did appear in, but wasn't enough to make this movie bearable. And although it was painted a la Down With Love, it did nothing to uphold the style statement it seemed to be trying to make. ooooh pink and blue! It stunk.
Sorry but this is a vent more then a comment. How could anyone call this a western. It may have taken place in western times but the stupidity of the plot is incredible. A contest where people compete by a quick draw shoot out. Not very well done I might add. Oh please. I admit the final shoot out at the fort was entertaining but you have to suffer through the entire move to get there. I was offered a free copy of this movie but refused to include it in my collection. Maybe I should have accepted that way I could have trashed the DVD.
....other than that I found the film pretty dire. The connection between the two stories told in the film is nebulous to say the least. The story of the original murder is told in a very straight forward fashion, but what is going on in the modern story is most unclear. After watching the film, I honestly don't know if it is meant to be the case that the Sean Penn character had an affair with the Elizabeth Hurley Character, whether she was trying to seduce him, whether he and his wife are happy, and many more things that are hard to mention without creating spoilers. Watch something else!
You think Plan 9 from Outer Space is bad. It can not hold a candle to this one. A stupid, mind numbing, poorly acted, badly shot film that never should have been made. The story makes no sense and has bad pacing. The fight scenes are slow, infrequent, and poorly done. I can not believe Sean Connary agreed to appear in the movie. His part is about 6 minutes and he did die in the first one, not that the writers payed any attention to that little fact. It may have been explained but the movie is so dull I was probably asleep. Please spare yourself and avoid the movie.
This was a terrible movie. The stories are over-dramatized and what is supposed to be scary just ends up being lame. The sound effects are too loud too, so it's hard to hear the actors sometimes and you miss parts of the story. I don't even know what to say about the visual effects, except this looks like a home movie made by children. Additionally, if you need a story line even remotely realistic, you're not going to find one here. There is just no way to rationalize any of it. Once you think you've made sense of it, something happens that contradicts everything and the facts never come together.
Great on location photography in Budapest Hungary, and surprise at the end (don't blink or you'll miss it) can't save this otherwise boring movie about a group of people, seemingly chosen at random, attending the reopening of an old Hungarian castle which has been closed for half a millennium, being stalked by an unseen killer. The killer turns out to be a werewolf. Or, maybe it was just a great big hairy dog. I couldn't tell, the killer was on screen so briefly. This one isn't as awful as the previous three sequels, but that doesn't mean that it's very good either ... *1/2 out of ****
Canadian-filmed television western which fails to make the most of its lush location and attractive cast. In Kansas, hunky young Tony Addabbo (as Matt Everett) visits a girlfriend; there, in self-defense, he shoots the man he finds in her boudoir. Unfortunately, the lass happens to be the sheriff's daughter, which contributes to Mr. Addabbo's becoming the outlaw known as "The Kansas Kid". Soon, he is joined by brother Art Hindle (as Cole Everett) and cousin Reiner Schoene (as Dutch Everett). The Everett Gang's main adversary is gravitas-lending veteran George Kennedy (as Deke Turner). Addabbo and duplicitous pal Howard Kruschke (as Jake Morant) lead the players in having excellent hair days.
This is by far the worst film ever made. It lacks idea, talent and originality and makes Ed Wood's films seem like Oscar masterpieces. Even the special effects and stunts are boring and completely laughable. It feels like it's been made by monkeys. the "acting" is nonexistent and against the Geneva Conventions and the dialog is so embarrassing that i had to switch it off from time to time. Even a piece of mud would act better that this ensemble. It is a complete waste of time and money. If you want something interesting, i recommend to rather watch static on TV and to avoid this film under all circumstances.
Imagine Albert Finney, one of the great ham bones of the acting world. Imagine one of the great ham bones of the acting world playing a character who's drunk for the entire length of the movie. If you can imagine this, you can imagine why the audience applauded when Albert Finney's character finally died because it meant that the movie was apt to be over soon as well. Predictable and self-consciously "arty," the movie never seemed to be about anything, but rather seemed to be a vehicle for Albert Finney to overact (as usual). The plot was non-existent and the characters were stereotypical "strangers in a strange land."
Few movies offer the senseless violence and absence of artistic skill that is evident in this movie. Why anyone would want to spend the necessary hours/minutes viewing something so devoid of entertainment value as this presentation is beyond my sense of comprehension. Don't waste your positive energy and desire for entertainment on this one. Unless, of course, you are seeking misery, frustration and are bent on despondent expression of hopelessness. The sorrow that this film evoked was simply not worth the time it took to watch it. I, myself, will seek a film with plot, substance and creativity that is worth my time and expense of life energy.
and I don't mean the sulfur coming up through the vents. The plot is as thin as the earth's crust after these dweebs drilled. Any death in this movie is deserved due to the bad acting. The CG effects look cheap and cartoonish, the lame tie-in and obvious shot at the anti-terror task forces are ridiculous. Other than the fact that the city of New York is facing total destruction, I found little of any redeeming value is this laugher. Michael Ironside must really be desperate for money. The dude from Galactica needs to rethink his career choices after being pitched as an overzealous government type.
I still wonder WHY so many people say this is a good film. . . The acting is poor, the direction even worse, the story is nothing more than an Indian soap opera. . . The placement of the music is bizzare and akward, the cinematography is bland, the editing is nothing special. Overall, the movie just feels like it should've been made into a TV show or something, and NOT a full length motion picture. This is NOT one of the biggest surprise movies of '98, unless you count it as suprisingly bad. . . Do yourself a favor and skip Chris Eyre pitiful attempt at drama. -Josh
The title is meaningless, the story just as pointless, and whatever interest there is to be derived from this girl-loves-gambler weepie comes from the delicate beauty of Loretta Young. It's a feast for the eyes (with nary a morsel of food for thought) as masterly cinematographer Gregg Toland captures the poetry of Young's huge, soulful peepers and full promising lips with one lovestruck close-up after another. The following year's "Zoo in Budapest" and "Man's Castle" would cement her position as the Depression's most desirable waif, the pin-up girl of the bread lines. With the barrelhouse comedienne Winnie Lightner as her wisecracking pal and Guy Kibbee, criminally wasted as Lightner's swain.
I'm not sure HOW this was accomplished, but Blood of the Vampire is both ghastly AND dull. I had taped this off AMC during the 2002 Halloween marathon and finally had a chance to watch it and while it had the look and feel of a Hammer movie it was amazingly, painfully dull. The fact that Dr Callistratus is resurrected from the dead is the only supernatural element in the movie and somehow it never becomes an issue or is talked about again. (SPOILER AHEAD) Although the visual elements of the Doctor's secret laboratory is stark, there is no attempt to generate any fear in this movie. Dull dull dull.
Long-haired drug and pornography fan Jake Busey (as Rick Jeffers) finds his Los Angeles apartment robbed, and trashed. So, he decides to soothe his sorrows by visiting Palm Springs, where he hopes to meat up with promiscuous adult film favorite Jennifer Tilly (as Ginger). The otherwise luckless Mr. Busey had once enjoyed the pleasure of Ms. Tilly's company, after a street encounter. Along the way, Busey picks up quirky bird rights activist Crispin Glover (as Jules Langdon). Under Busey's tutelage, Mr. Glover learns how to drive, have sex and party - but, not all goes well... ** Fast Sofa (2001) Salomé Breziner ~ Jake Busey, Crispin Glover, Jennifer Tilly
I've seen a lot of bad movies in my time, but nowhere else have I seen such an incompetent mob movie. Can you imagine a mobster movie - these things involve lots of shootings and lots of catch lines by definition - where a)No shooting happens at all until the end, and b)The whole movie is built around $10,000. That's how much the characters seek, and probably the total production cost of the movie. Lots of pointless chatter, but has neither muscle (listed above) or brains. Watch it if you want to see the worst mobster flick of all time, or if you need a cure for insomnia.
There isn't much new I can add about this film. Take everything negative from the other reviewers and multiply it by ten. Whichever angle I look at it from (script, camera, acting, story, etc.), I can't say anything positive about it. The most incredible thing is that JB took on this role! What was she thinking!? Perhaps a new title "Die ALREADY!" would help. If you like art-house, DON'T watch this movie. If you DON'T like art-house, definitely give it a miss. The Teletubbies have more substance than this fart-house production. You've been warned. Go and have a root-canal procedure instead - it will be a pleasant experience in comparison.
i watched this film after Christmas and did'not expect it to be a masterpiece like Lord of the rings. John Wayne is about as threatening as a chicken nugget. He does'not really give the crooks a chance especially at the end of the film the shootout on the beach he just pumps them with bullets from his silenced mac 10. The acting is terrible especially the scene where he stays at Lois's house for the night. And in the morning when he wakes up his hair is the same, he just looks the same as he did the day before. John you should of retired long ago
Extremely amateurish "faux-reality-show" or "home-movie" feel. Total waste of time. We "rented" this as one of our monthly "freebies" from Blockbuster and it wasn't even worth the effort to get it. We groaned even as we fast forwarded through the really bad parts. Moved slower than molasses. The description on the cover suggested a real movie, so it was completely disappointing when it turned out to be someone's poorly done home movie. I will be looking to avoid anyone that had anything to do with this picture in the future - if this is their sense of movie-making or of entertainment, I want to stay clear. Don't waste your time.
Any town that needs a giant ice cream cone to put it on the map, has to be a pathetically boring place to live, so why make a movie about boredom? The end result is a well acted, but totally pointless film. You need more than a bunch of quirky characters trapped by a hazardous materials spill doing essentially nothing that creates interest. Even the truck crash, occasional pyrotechnic explosions, and a shooting, are done off screen, further contributing to this pointless and extremely shallow movie. John Heard has made some terrific films (see "Cutter's Way"), unfortunately "Desert Blue" would not be among them. You have been warned. - MERK
I am not against remakes, but if you are going to do one, at least make it better than the original. Really bad acting (caused by bad directing, of course) and really cheap production, bad lighting, and this coming from the allegedly biggest soap opera producer in the world, really bad quality show. The worst part, not only they have made ''infomercials'' in the show (adverting products in the show) but yesterday a character openly invited the public to vote for a certain candidate in the next Mexican presidential elections. Televisa, a network has its compromise with society, not with political visions. Shame on you, Televisa, Azcárraga and the rest!
Says one of the many annoying characters that populate this really stupid movie. Something comes to earth and lands in the woods next to a cabin inhabited by a high pitched boy who has a thing for animals, his mother and some old cranky guy. There's also poachers running around, and pretty soon there's a group of teenagers driving around. Eventually they all wind up getting killed by the aliens. Well, not all of them, which is unfortunate because then the movie would be over in thirty minutes! Watch this stinker with Joel, Tom and Crow and laugh along at this really, really bad movie. As Tom would say "Huzzah!"
******SPOILER/S(I guess)****** Actually, I think the, um, band(?) featured in "Pod People" is singing "Hear the engines roll now." Which doesn't make much more sense than what Joel and the 'bots imagine they're singing (their own version is a gas) or excuse the fact that the song just plain sucks. And if the music sucks, it can only be because the, ah, movie(s?) in which it is featured also sucks. As Mad Scientist Dr. Clayton Forrester puts it "it has nothing to do with pods, nothing to do with people and everything to do with hurting." Fortunately, some of the aches and pains may be caused by MST3K-induced laughter.
The story is not an important as the chance to see Bela Lugosi acting. He played Professor Leonide, a strange character, in his only color movie as a star. Former Olympic wrestler Nat Pendleton provided the comic relief as a dis=graced police officer desperately hoping someone would get murdered so he could solve it and get back on the force. There were no really scary moments, as the film is mainly concerned with who is causing havoc that eventually leads to murder, and the list of suspects includes just about everyone. Oh, we know that there will be a murder as the story is told in flashback.
The Salvation films release of In the Folds of the Flesh' has a very misleading cover, showing a leather clad SS vixen who in fact makes no appearance in the film. What you get is a post 1960's sleaze film that is not even all that sleazy by today's standards. It becomes a bore to sit through and you end up not caring for the characters at all who are involved in some form of incest, nazi gas-chamber, decapitation orgy or a murder mystery. There is little gore or explicit scenes though. Nearly everything is implied. Don't bother with this even if you are a fan of 70's exploitation cinema.
I thought that this show was a blatant rip-off of intense and profoundly tormenting 'reality news' turned to fiction. The offense here is not that the cast is at least, admirable, but rather that the writer and the writing steals from the pain of others. This is a script lacking in ethics with an abundance of lowest common denominator morality. Perhaps a third season was too much. Nonetheless, I feel sorry for the real victims in the schools of America. The second half of the first season and the second season were going somewhere prior to this stall. All-in-all, where are some new ideas that are fresh and original?
This movie should never have been made. All of the 13 Olsen-Banden films belong to the Danish movie treasure. All of them are good, some of them are great, but all of them are Classics. I say this; there are only thirteen Olsen-Banden film. It is better to pretend that this mistake was never made, as it is nothing but a sad and pathetic attempt, to reanimate a series that ended gracefully a long time ago. There is nothing more to say, while many of the old actors are still there, several of them died under recording, unfortunately this wasn't enough to stop this atrocity from being made.
There are French directors who dare:François Ozon is one of them ,and even when he pushes his art to extreme limits (les amants criminels),both his screenplay ,his directing and his mastery remain powerful. This poor thing has a ghost of a screenplay,and features some of the worst performances that can be seen in a contemporary French movie:to say that the actors overplay would be an euphemism: you should (but you must not if you are wise enough to spare you this turkey)see them scream,grimace (with pain) and look "deep" .Also handicapped by frequent use of a little girl's voice over .Ugly pictures,absurd editing,obscure motives of the characters. HORRIBLE.
I would advise not to waste any time or money on this "so-called" horror film. The plot is just ridiculous and goes absolutely nowhere. I realize that the budget for these kinds of low-grade films is tiny, but you could at least try. Nothing in this film is up to expectation..... VERY poor acting, poor direction, silly attempt at special effects, and the story itself is nothing that would hold anyone's interest (even those interested in role playing games!) For placing it in the horror genre, it sure isn't scary at all. Whatever you do, do not waste your time or money on this one!!!!!
A group of 20-somethings have regular Role Playing Game gatherings at their former high school teacher's house. John, the geekiest of them all, gets picked-on by some of the other "gamers." He kills himself and the others find themselves being stalked by a knight on horseback. Yeah. This movie is quite possibly the worst film I've ever seen. I've always thought obsessive "gamers" (I cringe at that word!) were somewhat off, but this movie just makes them look incredibly stupid when playing their RPG. I can usually find some redeeming value in any movie, no matter how bad, but that is not the case with "Knight Chills." My Rating: 0/10.
Really, if you have insomnia, watch this move. I sleep after watching half of the movie. This movie is basically about a special agent/assassin who fails in a mission and is sent to an island for "reeducation". Ultimate Force will only please those Mirko "Croatian Cop" Filipovic hardcore fans and nobody else. Cro Cop acting is bad. Specially when he's fighting... You'll not see a lot of MMA (Vale-tudo) fights in this movie which is a shame. And it's funny how he uses this movie to show some despite to a certain Brazilian Vale-Tudo fighter. The only part of the movie that made me laugh out loud.
i just don't like this director and his idea of entertainment at no time did i find it funny or worthy of my attention the talent was there but the lines were LSD material dreams means confusing? dreams mean ridiculous? dreams are strange but most have an unconsciousness development. this movie lacked the ability to hold on to its public or to properly show the actors talents. When you loose the viewing audience with boredom, then the talent takes a back seat and no one cares. they simply wait for it to finish or leave the environment.. sad........a woody Allen on crack. save film and stop the madness, Mr director.
A group of ultra-hip teenage schoolgirls (from Reagan High!) accidentally kill one of their own in a birthday prank gone awry; they struggle to keep their deed a secret even after a nerdy student discovers the truth. Darkly comic tale, brightly-produced yet full of cynicism, has brief moments that go out on a limb, but is ultimately a rather formulaic "Heathers" knock-off. Holds interest nearly half the way, however the wrap-up is right off the assembly-line. It certainly benefits from a good cast, with the central performances by Rose McGowan and Rebecca Gayheart spot-on, however prominently-billed P.J. Soles, William Katt and Marilyn Manson hardly appear at all. ** from ****
I saw this film on MST3K, and can really not add that much to what has already been said. This movie really is that bad, and incredibly historically inaccurate. It also rips off Citizen of the Galaxy with the whole "beggar/spy-in-foreign-land-buys-slave-boy-for-secret-society -and-gives-him-special-training" I'd also like to point out that they not only filmed a renfest in Northern California for the medieval/renaissance/whatever setting, but the exterior of the Ancient Greece scene was apparently filmed in San Francisco at the Palace of Fine Arts. The guys really do suck at crafting a story or directing, but I've got to give them credit original cheap sets solutions. They're Ed Woodian in their ingenuity!
No, I am not joking, this truly is an inspiration to all aspiring screenwriters and film-makers. Frankly if someone can be pursuaded to stump up money for this sorry mess of a film then surely you can do better. The most amazing thing about this film is that somebody, presumably having read the script, actually gave it the green light. To list its weaknesses would need more than the 1000 words allowed by the IMDB. Still it did give me the opportunity to stand next to Mad Frankie Fraser at the London Film Festival and notice how small he was. Mind you I would never say that to his face.
Paolini's novel should have been left alone. It was unnecessarily tampered with to make it into a lack-luster movie losing all magic, motivation, and meaning. The writers, director, and producers missed a real opportunity to make this into a great trilogy experience...perhaps they should have read the books first because they were much better than this. Get better actors and get a better director and you will have something. My advice...produce the movie again . We will forget the first attempt and bring back Rachel Weisz who made the dragon the best part of the film and it will be a better film. If you do that, it will succeed.
A Jerry Lewis vehicle that delivers exactly what his fans want while pleasing no one still hoping for a surprise from the comedic actor. Midwestern klutz (guess who?) agrees to act as babysitter to a Hollywood actress and the newborns she has delivered in secret--all three of them! Frank Tashlin-directed chaos isn't very funny, and occasionally verges on ludicrous when it tries passing Lewis off as a sensitive soul (this is no stretch for Jerry, as he manages to turn even his baby lullabies into infantile showstoppers). Pretty Marilyn Maxwell and a teenage Connie Stevens give the movie some pep, but Jerry's performance is full of fake-schmaltz. *1/2 from ****
I can't believe the film director and producers would allow this movie in theaters with the microphone showing above the actors heads during the entire movie. My granddaughter was very disappointed. We should receive 3 free tickets from 20th century fox for this shameful movie experience. How many sports stories can you write with the same theme over and over. Losing team needs a coach. Some has been coach is hired and by some miracle they turn the team around. Guess what? the team ends up in the finals with the opposing coach a buffoon and bully. Where have we seen this before. the public needs to boycott these movies.
Im watching it now on pink (Serbia TV station) and I must say this is a crap. Shallow, no acting, effects too sloppy I mean, who made this series? This was a stupid attempt of the Studios to make some more money on the success of the film. OK. The film was great in 1994 when it came out. But the series? Some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters. I mean, did they actually pay someone to write that, was that someones relative at the Studio? This is no SciFi. The film was the bomb, the series suck.
I don't know where to start but one thing is for sure, this is the worst film I've ever seen. The plot is everything but good (a guy wakes up to find out that he has "lost" his penis), the acting is poor - Joop for example mumbles his lines which makes it sometimes very hard to understand him at all - and the few attempts to be fun (Jekyll tries to have sex even without his penis) simply fail. I really started to like German movies in the last some years but if this is the new German style I just have to stick to Hollywood productions.
Ususally directors make a film out of a good story. This is not the case. Charlie's Angels 2 is just a money making film. A movie made with no good ideas which seems full of improvisations. The only purpose of the film is to show 3 good looking girls wearing little clothing and beating up the most toughest man in the world. It's a B Class movie without any shadow of doubt. Directors! wake up! Don't waste your talent (if you've got any), money and time making this piece of s***. My advise: it's not worth your money and your time. You better off watching TV adverts.
Now, this is an amateur home-video!! Its an ultra "Z" film only for one propose, too shock, with ultra violent and grotesque scenes, with a non linear\sense story.The film focus the character Karl the Buchter (Andreas Schnaas, also the director) in a killing spree, walking around the woods killing people without a propose, every signle death is sadistic and brutal..(what they are thinking?)! Its not a film of all gore fans, its beyond that,its a film for real ultra-violent cinema fans, in my opinion the film is a little bit sick,nasty and unnecessary..If you like this one, i recommend: "Antro da Necrofilia" and "Eu Zombie!!! 2- A carnificina total"
Deadly dull junk, poorly made, with Jagger seemingly on heavy quaaludes during the entire production. Ugly to look at to make matters worse, and the actors all seem to affect Irish accents, rather than Australian as the real Ned Kelly was. If a Heath Ledger/Orlando Bloom remake can only improve things, then you know the original is awful. Postscript: if you loved "21 grams," then you're just the sort of pompous yuppie who goes for this sort of thing. In that case, by all means rent "Ned Kelly". "Six Feet Under" & "The West Wing" are bound to be a re-run once in a while, right?
I have never walked out of a movie in my life. Had I seen this in the theater I would have. The characters in this movie are very true to life, unfortunately they are all pseudo-intellectual hipsters who think every mundane thing in their lives is absolutely fascinating. Perhaps for his next movie Bob Odenkirk can make a feature about a group of alarm clocks. The buzzing of the alarm clocks would be no less annoying than the characters in "Melvin Goes to Dinner" and the film would be just as entertaining. "Melvin Goes to Dinner" may be the worst movie ever made avoid it at all costs.
This is truly a terrible movie. The dialog is beyond cheesy, the special effects might have been cutting edge in the eighties. The acting? Bad! I could go on and on... The thing that got me the most was the classic sci-fi movie blunder: "the city". Rather than try to actually pretend to destroy an existing city they just have a bunch of buildings and call it "the city". The dialog reflects this, such as "The monster is attacking the city" or "If it gets to the city we are done for" or "the aliens are directly over the city". As if there was only one city on the planet.
This movie is exceedingly faithful to Lovecraft's original story, and I loved the original story ("The Case of Charles Dexter Ward"). So why did I dislike the film so much? Essentially, because it's NOT an "adaptation" of the source material: It's a straight line-by-line reconstruction of it, with no concessions of any note made to the adaptation process, to the differences in story telling technique which are required for film, as opposed to the written word. In short, it's uncinematic and what works on the printed page does not - most definitely does NOT - work on the flickering screen unmodified. The end result is tedious in the extreme.
Even Sean Connery lowered himself to appear in a 70's disaster film, and it was a really bad one too. The effects were terrible, laughingly bad even for 1979. This film was so bad even Sean's wig refused to appear. As I watched it I have expected Roger Moore's 007 to blow up the Meteor on the Space Shuttle he had in Moonraker, to put the real James Bond 007 (Sean) out of his movie misery. Luckily Sean would bounce back in the likes of The Name of the Rose, The Untouchables, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Rock etc. The Meteor must be his worst film by far.
James Toback's slight film When will I be Loved has two important things going for it: First, shower scenes that linger longingly over the truly impressive dancer's torso of the Neve Campbell. Secondly, the fact that unlike many of the beautiful bodies that appear in films, this one belongs to an an honest to goodness actor who infuses meaning, mystery and interest into Toback's otherwise shallow and unconvincing story. Her purposefully understated performance in The Company is clearly revealed a choice, as opposed to, say the blank stylings that characterize the work of the great stone face, Keanue Reeves Who should see this film in theaters: Neve Campbell completists.
This movie was just another piece of Moore propaganda. It fails to properly explain corporate structure, corporate governance, and even what a corporation actually is. In fact, it appears Moore lumps all corporations together and never distinguishes from publicly traded corporations and corporations such as Goodwill or private family corporations. There is no discussion of the Business Judgment Rule or even derivative suits. Moore's unsupported beliefs. I am trying to figure out how someone who invests so much money into publicly traded securities can make a movie that is directly in conflict with his behavior. When it comes down to it is lacks little educational value and is fairly boring.
For those of you who saw the first Dragonheart, which was a WONDERFUL MOVIE and I suggest you see it, you should know the second one makes VERY LITTLE SENSE. Point A. If Draco was the LAST DRAGON, how are there other dragons now?! There's like a million of them running around in China or something! Point B. After Draco died he completed the constellation Draco, so tell me if it's completed because the last dragon is there how are there other dragons?! I thought this movie was lacking plot, good acting, and it made little sense prior to the first movie. I give it two thumbs down.
Rob Reiner is hilarious. I haven't seen the movie in a long time and have trouble finding it everywhere. Some of the humor is ethnic, but to me seems pretty harmless, as well as very funny. I thought there was a lot of good slapstick and madcap silliness. I'm not sure why the movie is not more available in stores or on different internet sites where some individual who had the interest in buying a movie like this would be able to have the opportunity to purchase a funny and entertaining and humorous movie such as this particular movie was. If you can find it, give it a try.
The performance of Ian McShane was unequalled in ANY category of film or stage. The fact that the Emmy's ignored his great work is ludicrous. If you haven't seen it, buy the DVD when it's released, and I'll guarantee that you'll love every single moment. This show kicks the Soprano's to the curb. Even if you don't like Westerns per se, this show will engross you. Every character is unique in their performance. David Milch has actually outdone himself here. If the language and violence are not your cup of tea, then it would be best to stay away. Otherwise, the show is one of the best productions in years. Magnificent.
This was one tame yawn of a "nunsploitation". There were like a coupla boob shots, one feeble, forced-looking lesbian kissing scene, and apparently one "rape" scene. I just thought they were all held-back or censored. Here's the breakdown... ACTING: Okay, very subtle CHARACTERS: No real development, sympathy towards any of the characters, devil is lame. STORYLINE: Just plain ol' flatline. Nothing really happens. The nun apparently being "possessed by the devil" is just uninspiring and cheesy. Don't buy the plot line that she's a "bride of Satan". It's a crock. Uneventful, waste of film. The appeal of the title is definitely better than the actual film!
" Still of the night " is terribly underrated thriller from very good director Robert Benton.The Ending is truly shocking and some sequences are very good ( Central park and dream-like sequences ).It Reminds me some of best Hitchcock's films as Rear Window , Vertigo , North by Northwest or Marnie.Meryl Streep and Roy Scheider are memorable performances.Nestor Almendros photography is very stylish and memorable , especially in end parts of the movie.There are also some great lighting effects and complete lack of Gore.Music of John Kander is highly suggestive and fit to the rest of the movie. " Still of the Night " is one of better's thrillers 80s.Highly recommended
Credited as the earliest complete feature-length American film known to still exist and restored by the American Film Institute, 'The Life and Death of King Richard III' is otherwise of little value. Rarely is Shakespeare nearly as boring. Yes, the film is a symptom of its time; I also watched 'Queen Elizabeth' (1912) today (it wasn't a very good day), and both are arid and static adaptations from the stage, histrionic acting included, but without sound, or any other qualities of the theatre. Films such as these, however, were coincident with films by others like D.W. Griffith; one can easily see which was advancing the medium and which was hampering it.
During WW2, a young Russian soldier is rewarded for bravery by being given a leave of a few days to go meet his mother and fix her leaky roof. This beautifully filmed and superbly directed drama chronicles his long, enlightening journey back home, as he meets some interesting people and learns about life. Ivashov, in his film debut, gives a remarkably natural and free-wheeling performance as the soldier who is basically a good-natured country boy. Prokhorenko is beautiful and endearing as a girl he meets during his journey. This simple and moving film has some heart-wrenching moments, but its central message is simply to point out the the absurdities of war.
This is one of those really cool (pardon the pun) made-for-tv flicks you would come across in the 1970s. I'm a total sucker for that sub-genre of the horror flick called "Scientists stranded in the frozen wastelands." Other examples: both versions of "The Thing" and the original "Outer Limits" episode known as "The Human Factor." There's just something about the frozen north as a setting that captures and holds the imagination like no other. Not even the venerable old "Haunted house on a dark and stormy night" does it for me like the icy tundra of an isolated, frozen research station. Brrrrrrrr!!! Check this one out for sophisticated science fiction chills.
The sexy shark swam on by, catching me by the eye. A rose for it I had to buy. . . f*ck it. This movie is the dumbest, foulest, arse sponge that ever floated to the top of my urinal. It made me jump once, but with one swift bowel movement it sunk again where it belongs, at the bottom of the sea. P.S. Australian on a boat SHOULD be drinking. if on boats at all. . .infact forget the boat. Also, "Open the hatch." is a guaranteed pick up line. This movie isn't worth ten lines. It isn't worth five. *padding out to ten lines COMPLETE*
Mare Winningham is really one of the great unsung American actresses of our generation. She is exceptionally talented whether she is playing the daughter of a deaf couple who must sign language to communicate with her parents. She is the their ears to the world and often must translate between her parents and the hearing world. One memorable scene is her at the funeral home translating for her parents and the undertaker as a child for her brother's unfortunate death. Winningham's performance is award-winning as is the mother played by deaf actress, Phyllis Frelich. Her character seeks to be independent and hopes that her parents can adjust to the hearing world.
wow! i think Liza was a star that really made it to the top...and then some. i think she was such a great performer in her day , she still have that great performer in her to this day. she really put a lot of pain and sweat in her performance. she truly is a performer by heart. i could'not believe it was the daughter of the all time greatest Judy gander. i thought she was just a fantastic singer. nobody in the world would have thought that she was Judy's daughter. but some how,she pulled it of. she is just another icon that was in the making.
This collection is okay but it misses many videos from both eras. I think if bands put out "greatest hits" videos, showing only half of their hit videos, it is a let down to their fans and to the casual watcher. This set only includes the 3 hit Roth Era videos from 1984. Notably missing is their MTV banned "Pretty Woman" video, the live video for "Mean Streets" and "Unchained", and any of their unforgetable appearance at the '83 US Festival. Missing from Van Hagar series is Live Without a Net videos, and "Feels So Good", "Top Of the World", and "Amsterdam". Perhaps those will be included on the second volume?
This movie from start to finish has really no merits that I could see. The plot unfolds at an almost painfully sluggish pace, and came across as very disjointed and overly drawn out in places. Very little insight was established in terms of what Rex really had to endure with the disappearance of his lover, the film almost makes her disappearance seem trivial in it's execution. The protagonist/the kidnapper was lacking in the character development department too, small insights into his early boyhood behaviors and apparent sociopathic personality are presented, but in my opinion executed very poorly. Overall a pretty uneventful film, I really do not understand the intrigue at all.
When it first came out in '88, I read in the newspaper that it was not well received. Years later I watched it again and I now thing it's one of the best comedies out. Randy Quaid and Richard Prior made pure humour. It would have been great to see them both in something much more intense. Each great in their own way, as a team they would be double the trouble and 5 times the fun. Far better than any Adam Sandler or Seth Rogan movie made and better than the Sandler/Rogan actors themselves. Nothing enormously award winning, but a pleasurable waste of time.
Nowhere is weirdly surrealistic and weirdly cool. I also enjoyed all the young, now-famous, actors in this film. This is all I really wanted to say about the film, however, since I need more lines, I'll just say certain aspects of the movie are alternately funny, sad, strange and still relevant today. It's hard to 'date' this movie. I'm betting twenty or thirty years from now, it will still seem up-to-date and probably still relevant. James Duval is always good and Rachel True is just beautiful. She's also a very powerful actress, turning in an excellent performance here. The whole weird, detached, alienated tone of the film made it entirely enjoyable.
As the newly founded Dodge City teems with violence and chaos, an Irishman reluctantly becomes Marshall and tries to tame the West in this standard but enjoyable and colorful Western. Flynn makes a dashing hero in his first Western, one of five films he made with de Havilland and Hale. Individually, he made nine films with de Havilland, 15 with Hale, and 12 with director Curtiz. de Havilland, looking lovely as always, plays the wholesome love interest. Sheridan is a saloon girl who warbles a song but is wasted in a small role. Cabot makes a slick villain while the supporting cast includes such familiar faces as Travers, Fowley, and Bond.
at least i thought so.it's a magical fantasy adventure which for about 86 minutes should make you forget about you problems.and most kids should eat it up.there's certainly nothing objectionable here.while i was viewing it,it kept m,y attention and sort of brought me back to the days when i was a kid.this show wasn't around back then of course.all we had were Saturday morning cartoons.but if you try and view this with a child's perspective,you might appreciate it more.and if you do drift off,at least the young ones are watching something that won't pollute their minds.for entertainment aimed at children,you really can't go wrong with this movie.from that perspective,it's a 10/10
I'm not sure how this movie could have been funnier, but I'm glad it wasn't: if I had laughed any harder, I would have p**d in my pants. Top-flight performances by three top-flight actors made this comedy one of the best I have seen in years. The ending was completely predictable... If you can't guess how the movie will end after watching the first ten minutes or so, you just aren't trying. Even though you generally know what's going to happen, the craftmanship with which the characters are portrayed makes it certain that your joy is never diminished. I had the giggles for half an hour. See this movie!
I can't believe this film was allowed to be made. These people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects. They should be tortured. This film is an abomination.It's nothing but footage from the first film. Whatever is original is freaky and makes no sense whatsoever. It's like some sort of drug hallucination.Like, what's with the laying on a mirror naked therapy. Also, whatever moron patched together this turd didn't even bother to watch the first film, because they kept calling Suzanna Love's character Natalie, when it's Lacey. I felt like shouting that at the screen, "IT'S LACEY, IT'S LACEY!!!!". I give it a -50 out of 10. MY GOD!!!!
A sparse and atmospheric cross between Suspiria and A Watcher in the Woods -THE WOODS delivers subtly for its first two thirds and erupts in a rushed finale that deserved a more thorough and complex screenplay. This film needed more odd side characters and more Angela Bettis she was the voice of the woods though and that and the 60s settings along with Bruce Campbell and Patricia Clarkson's performances made this worthwhile from my viewpoint, I liked the pacing and effects and the bed in the corner had creepy possibilities that were misused by the writer. Overall I liked it but a lot of gorror fans might struggle with this one
Many of the previous comments were close-minded. I haven't seen this film in several months, but it's ingrained in my mind. "The Life" was not about supporting prostitution, but more about the reasons/situations that lead to and exist, in such a "profession" world-wide. The element of documentary and fiction was a different take on the subject. If the fictional part of the story was just as candid and raw as the documentary portion, then the film would've been better. The subtitles were somewhat distracting due to speed. But overall, the film accomplished it's task. The theme holds, "Prostitution shouldn't be glorified, but accepted as reality. Knowing reality illuminates the real world."-shav
Sometimes it's better to leave things alone. Whereas the original 48 Hours was a well written and acted version of the "buddy-cop" films, the sequel is uninspired and drawn out version of the first. The audience soon loses interest in the characters that they have come to watch. Murphy and Nolte do not add any depth or growth to the characters that once made them famous. It appears to be a film where the cast & crew walked through the motions of production and collected a hefty paycheck at the end. Unfortunately the audience discovers after paying the price of admission, that if you want another 48 Hours, watch the original.
I never heard anything about this movie. I saw that this was playing at my local dollar theater and was intrigued. It was a fast paced, gore-fest with an eerie atmosphere that I enjoyed. Its sad that this wasn't marketed because it felt better that most straight to DVD horror out there (Even Horror That Gets Released At The Theater) The story revolves around a few men appointed to find these mysterious objects. These mysterious objects give these men immortality but they need human blood to prolong the effects. If you like zombie films with a bit more of character development and more of a plot, then this film doesn't disappoint.
The images are amazing! Clearly, the filmed clips were taken at the time the events were ready to 'take off,' and the devices were at the final stage of development. Imagine how many similar concoctions never reached this stage, or took place without being filmed. The patience of editor Howard Smith for reviewing so many sources is being rewarded here. Some of the ideas inspired (or were inspired by) scenes in contemporary Hollywood movies, i.e., the building climbing, or survive as photo post cards. What we see here was a sampling of unusual and compulsive behavior popular in the film age. A question: was the TV presenter the young David Letterman?
I still can't believe a film with this many fine actors could be this poor, I had a fight with woman I was dating at the time. 1978(she thought it was wonderful)haven't seen her since.This is the only reason I still remember this clunker... Other people told me not to waste money. I guess I should have taken advice!! I haven't over the years seen any other other Joe Brooks productions. I don't even remember seeing Jimmy Breslin in this production, One redeeming quality was it actually was rather clean by todays standards and probably wouldn't have upset a church group. The bed room scene left 99% to the viewers imagination
Hello I am a fan of this series and as they are not releasing it on DVD, was wondering if anyone has copies of all the episodes they produced and are willing to trade for something? I am based in the UK. I briefly got a glimpse of an episode in the UK but sadly missed all the others, can somebody help please? I love Lexa Doig and think the other characters are cool. The 70's series was good for it's time but we live in the modern world and time/technology has moved on and its seems very dated to me today. Thanks in advance. Roger
I think Vampire Hunters is a pretty good movie. Although it isn't breaking new ground, for most american viewers it will seem a little odd that the vampires in the movie are more corpse like than you expect to see, but in most if not all accounts of vampirism in the middle ages and earlier periods vampires were refered to as animated corpses, not strikingly beautiful creatures with tragic stories. So if you're looking to see a decent horror movie will "realistic" vampires, this would be worth seeing. Two top notch performances in the film are those of Anya, who plays a young widow, and Zou Na, who plays a servant.
"Orient Express" is a very good Romanian version of the classic movie "Il Gattorpardo" ("The Leopard" - en.). Unfortunately, like other Romanian movies, it's not a universal movie, it's a Romanian movie - difficult to understand for other culture. Of course, there is a difference between Nicolaescu and Burt Lancaster, but as director Sergiu Nicolaescu did a great movie. A bad element is that some romantic moments can be remarked as a little bit artificial, but we must not forget the environment, the circumstances of those years (between first and second word war)with a snobbery society. I also appreciated very much the music. For me it's a "must see movie".
The teaser of this episode was awesome.But what followed was even better. Mulder and Scully get deeper than ever into the conspiracy surrounding them. We get to see some tests involving alien DNA on human subjects and an alien baby frozen on liquid nitrogen. The episode was really good and one of my personal favorites from season one. I love the final scene, its mystical...pure X-Files. We see Deep Throat get killed, shame, he was such a good character. For the first time we hear " Trust no one" which became a catchphrase later on. Overall a great final, The second season opener "Little Green Men" was just as good
I gave this movie a 2 simply because the acting (aside from 2 women who make a brief appearance, only to be killed) was not as bad as i had expected. Dont get me wrong - it was cheesy - and many times the actors stumble over their lines - but i expected worse from this movie. As far as the "plot" goes, well, you will be sadly disappointed. Murder is the name of the game in this movie - senseless mass murder - as a cult attempts to resurrect the founding member to take over the world. Horribly done, but a must see for those who love the "b" movies!
The US government's latest secret weapon is stolen, and the only man who can find it is an alcoholic ex-superhero. Captain Invincible returned to obscurity in his native Australia after a nasty run in with HUAC... Captain Invincible is a hilarious, rock-opera parody of DC/Marvel superhero comics. To give away too much of the ridiculously ramshackle plot would be to spoil it, but you suspect this film was inspired by Christopher Lee's lament that he never starred in a musical comedy. Lee steals the film as the dastardly arch-villain Mr. Midnight, belting out his numbers in a fine bass-baritone, as scantily clad slave girls massage his jodhpured thighs. Unforgettable.
Yes, I remember this show. After growing up enjoying Emergency with Mantooth and Tighe, we were given this return to rescue stunts. But it failed to measure up. Essentially what 240 Robert did was bring Mark Harmon to the limelight. Other than that, the show was awful. And pray tell, what did the numbers mean? I asked my brother, named Robert. "Two wheels, four wheels and no wheels," he replied, as rescues were done on motorcycles (yes, a la CHiPs), four wheeled vehicles and the helicopter. "But why use the name 'Robert'?" I asked further. "Because it is a wonderful name," Robert replied.
Again, we see what could be a really good movie fail. This time a "new" director decides to "break the mold" and be "stylish" and "edgy". What does this mean? It means that someone will take a small budget, second rate actors and a horribly written script and make a movie that is a miasma of looks and scenes that confuse you. You will then be told how clever it is and that you didn't get it. You, however, are in the majority, as this thing runs, not walks, straight to video. So learn the catch words people "Edgy, stylish, innovative, clever" = "Not released in theatres because people would riot"
Finally a replacement for sex and the city!!!!!!! ever since that show finished there's been a much need of something that measures even halfway. The shows these days are either too melodramatic,have too many characters without much depth or are a terrible attempt at comedy. Lipstick jungle is funny, casual, scandalous and non complicated. what i love about this show is that aside from its theme of power and relationships, there is depth to all the characters. The script is engaging and even if you can't relate to the characters, you can feel for them. I would highly recommend this show to everyone. Great acting, script and direction.bravo to the team!!!
I love this movie. I mean, I know I only gave it a 1, but I love this movie. I gave it a "1" because I don't think that if you follow the textbook example of movies, this doesn't really work out. However, I think that if we consider different alternatives to what movies can be, then this is definitely something worth watching. It's kinda like a snapshot of the "old future", if you know what I mean. Well....no, you don't....but the thing is just filled with fun nostalgia and enjoyable situations. I'd love to see a sequel to this thing (and I hear one's in the works).
Even though Lighthouse doesn't exactly deliver a story that anyone would consider as original (some people are stalked by a merciless serial killer on a deserted lighthouse), it is a surprisingly watchable movie. Director Hunter adds nice twists to "classic" stalk-scenes, and the movie is chilling right from the beginning. The killer surely is a creepy figure and possibly makes you gasping for breath sometimes. The only letdown for horror-buffs like me is the fact that there's not much gore in this movie - but the few bloody scenes are staged very well and surely not for the squeamish. All in all a chilling and entertaining thriller: 7 out of 10.
Gorgeous movie. My only real problem is the screen at the end claiming that the Indians got wiped out after they converted. They did, ... but there was also this little thing called the French and Indian War. And in that war, these Indians happened to side with the French. The F&I War was pretty dang big, cost enough money to cause the American Revolution a few years later, and ended in a gargantuan battle where the British won because the kill ratio was 3 dead French/allies for every 2 British/allies. So yeah, the movie's a little disingenuous there. Also, what's with this stupid 10-line minimum?
Slipstream is such an inventive and exciting piece of film-making that it is impossible to forget about it. The casting of every character involved was absolutely perfect, and the performances were spectacular. One of the best things about Slipstream is that it really makes you think. You can have in-depth conversations about the plausibility of the story-line and spend hours discussing the film. The story is awesome, it is delivered cleverly and entertainingly, and the movie as a whole is just so much FUN that it can be forgiven whatever number of time-travel discrepancies that may be found in the plot. I cannot recommend this roller-coaster ride of a movie enough.
Slipstream is such an inventive and exciting piece of film-making that it is impossible to forget about it. The casting of every character involved was absolutely perfect, and the performances were spectacular. One of the best things about Slipstream is that it really makes you think. You can have in-depth conversations about the plausibility of the story-line and spend hours discussing the film. The story is awesome, it is delivered cleverly and entertainingly, and the movie as a whole is just so much FUN that it can be forgiven whatever number of time-travel discrepancies that may be found in the plot. I cannot recommend this roller-coaster ride of a movie enough.
This is an absolute gem of a series. Everything is spot-on with the acting, sets, stories. If you watch one comedy show this year then this is the one. I remember watching really bad horror series and films in the 80's and this recreates it perfectly. The characters are perfect, Dr Lucien Sanchez has got to be the best character on the small comedy screen for a while. Get the DVD as it's got all 6 episodes plus some really sketchy and random extra scenes. All I can say is get this now if you like your comedy a little weirder than normal. You won't regret it traveller.
This has been a favorite for years and years... it's touching, and basic, and about love and acceptance: multi-layered, it professes a simple lesson. Hollis Mc Laren is AMAZING in her role: she rips your heart out. Definitely should be part of any "gay" movie collection. (I question the label... this is 2006, after all, and personally I am tired of labels. Why can't we all just love? Let's have a Whatever Pride Parade!) Craig Russell demonstrates the bravery inherent in the early proclaimers of the gay movement, but his message speaks to everyone: be yourself, and society be damned! This is an unforgettable film, and highly worthy of your attention.
this movie was terrible. i only purchased it because corinna harney is in it, but she doesn't even get naked!!! it always makes me laugh to see an indie movie like this with like 10 pages of glowing reviews- way to get your family involved, director guy!! anyway, the fact that baseball is the main storyline will quickly be forgotten here as the scenes involving baseball are strange and unfitting, seemingly edited very poorly or having little or nothing to do with actual baseball. corinna looks hot in it, but i honestly am mad at myself for buying this off of amazon, even though i only spent $1. 1/10
Lindsay Lohan was cute as a kid and as a teen, but personally, I didn't think she was that good. As she grew up, I think she became a better actress. Life-Size is probably above average. I used to hate it and think it was really lame, bad plot, blah, blah, blah, but after reading all the comments on the first page, it really got me thinking. The plot IS original yet simple. Tyra Banks DID do a fantastic job as Eve. The movie WAS pretty funny. Now I've realized that the movie was good and the actors all did a good job.
A series of silly stories about fantastic creatures, the outer space, or the future are the pretext to show a little bit of violence and blood, and big breasted naked women. Why did they called it "Heavy Metal"? Well, I guess it was just marketing. Heavy metal was the most popular music in those days, so they filled the soundtrack with bands such as Nazareth, Blue Oyster Cult or Black Sabbath (let it be said in passing that those weren't 100% heavy metal bands, they were more like hard rock bands). Maybe they thought that way thousands of long-haired rockers would fill the theatres to overflowing. *My rate: 3/10
John Travolta tries his best as writer for Rolling Stone magazine hoping to finish an unflattering piece on the faddish California health club scene, but complications arise after he falls in love with a sexy, sensitive aerobics instructor. Perfect-ly awful drama, shallow and dated, is surprisingly cynical about Rolling Stone and its ethics (this despite the fact the producers had the magazine's input and even cast its editor, Jann Wenner, in a supporting role!). Film does get a tiny bit of class from Jamie Lee Curtis, and supporting players Anne De Salvo as a photographer and Laraine Newman as a wallflower are more than respectable in clichéd roles. * from ****
This is the best of the screwball comedies with Dunne and Grant equally matched. It has puzzled me though that the more I read the subtitles in the DVD and hear the dialog I am convinced the two characters were each having extramarital affairs. It is never made explicit and each one denies they were having affairs but not convincingly. It was clearly the director's intent to make their fidelity ambiguous. Freudian slips and double entendre are used instead. Was this done by the director because of the Hays Code and how did the public react to all the innuendo about infidelity in the film at the time of release?
Another tender and moving direct for t.v. movie starring John Stamos. In the likes of "A Match Made In Heaven"; this movie displays the perfect, funny, tender relationship between Walter Matthau and John Stamos. I really dug how well they got along. Their were a very charismatic on-screen duo. The relationship between Stamos and Polo is also very good. Polo is incredibly beautiful and has a unique charm. Also, when they have the "big" difficulty you can't help but feel touched. Matthau steals the show once again with a moving performance. The man can say a lot of things with his eyes... In memoriam. A truly great, great actor.
The cast is impressive. Daniel Bruhl once again shows that he can act. The plot attracts your entire attention as you live the experiences of these three kids in Berlin, and their quest to denounce the evils of capitalism. There's romance, jokes, great scenery and good music. At first it seemed to me this movie was the continuation of Good Bye Lenin (probably because of Daniel in Berlin?) Eitherway, It made me want to travel around Europe some more, learn German, and also think about my obsession with shopping and TV. Very inspiring. In a few words, this movie questions our understanding of happiness and success in a very entertaining way.
This is a very different film from the usual bollywood love and action crap, it might take some influences from the Shawshank Redemption and other American prison films but overall it is a very original and fresh film. Naseeruddin Shah really shines and the ending is good. The film is basically about an amateur filmmaker (Juhi Chawla) that wants to make a documentary about 3 prisoners on death row. They are on death row for murder, accidental or premeditated. As the film progresses you learn more about each of the prisoners and how prison has affected their life. Overall it is a pretty damn enjoyable film, and it has NO SONGS
Young Brandon Marcel, (not listed anywhere in the credits) steals the show and "dies" well in this wonderful, uh yes, wonderful action thriller. (put down the knife, ill type) yes wonderful. I give it two dumbs up. While this Genre is alluring and enticing, this film really takes the cats pajamas and rams them head first into a brick wall (along with anyone who actually has the nerve or Sherlock Homes ability to find it!) Action packed and a thrill ride all the way. Grieco is at his New York Finest! A classic for the ages-----THE DARK AGES that is. Run out and buy while it lasts. GRIECOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
I was against film censorship and film ratings less than zero until I saw the aptly named Five Gates of Hell. As a previous critic noted, 'A shabby little shocker'. When asked to name a movie I wanted to 'unwatch', this is at the top of my list. Oh, and just when you thought the sociopathic film couldn't be worse, there's Nancy Kulp(Miss Jane Hathaway from the Bev Hillbillies) with a hand grenade, and Neville Brand in oriental blackface. If you're interested in the fates of women in World War II and Asian prisoner-of-war camps, I suggest you watch the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) miniseries 'Tenko'.
This is the second film ( Dead Men Walking) set in a prison by TheAsylum. The mythos behind plot is very good, Russian mafia has this demon do there dirty work and the rainbow array of inmates have to defend their bars & mortar. Jennifer Lee(see interview) Wiggins stars as a prison guard who has a inmate ,who maybe a DEMON. The monster suit is awesome and frightening, and a different look that almost smacks of a Toy Franchise, Hey if Full Moon and Todd McFarlane can make action figures for any character..Why not The Beast from Bray Road Wolfette,Shapeshifter with medallion accessory,or the Rhett Giles everyman hero with removable appendages.
The Iron Crown is a wonderful fantasy film that carries on the great traditions of Italian pepla such as Cabiria. There are hints that the filmmakers had seen Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, but The Iron Crown also anticipates---and establishes the blueprint for---films as disparate as Shrek, The Princess Bride, and many of the renewed pepla cycle of the 60s. The film is also echoed by Cocteau's Beauty and the Beast, though it is certainly a lighter hearted affair. Wrestler Primo Carnera is on hand as a loyal strong man, adding interest for fans of the squared circle. Skillfully blending comedy, romance, and action, this is not to be missed.
Dinner with Friends is a very thoughtful investigation of the relationships among friends and how little we really know about the people whom we love. Two couples have been best friends for many years; Gabe and Karen introduced Tom and Beth to each other. Now, twelve years after their marriage, Tom and Beth are divorcing. The film studies all of the possible interrelationships: the men, the women, the opposite gender spouses and the couples, before and during the breakup, and hints at the probable situation afterward. The acting is superb all around. It is obviously a stage play done as a movie but, being predominantly a dialogue movie, it works well.
East meets West as Mifune and Bronson hunt for a golden sword and a stolen treasure, respectively. Some quite good action scenes, particularly the climax in the cane field on fire -- some wonderful images. Andress has only 2 dimension to her character (as written, not her fault in particular), but at least one of them is her breasts. Has a bitter edge and somewhat ambiguous ending: Bronson ditches Andress but gives back the sword, saying: "I don't have much else to do." If you're a fan of westerns of the continental variety, watch it. Excellent music by Maurice Jarre -- anyone know where I can find a copy?
This film is set in the 1950's, not only in time but in style. It was a time of Poodle skirts, McCarthyism and fear of the bomb. This script acknowledges the first only. There is a simplification of the time that will appeal to some but not to most. The characters lack depth and the "feel good" problems the characters face lack tension. That said, the low-key acting services the low-key script very well. If you can identify with the characters (especially if you are Mormon). you will enjoy this film. If you cannot identify with the characters, you will probably find the film slow and very boring.
This is the biggest piece of crap i've ever watched, There's no real story to it and has some of the worst acting i've ever seen....Pity i can't give this shite any lower than a 1. its driving me mad just thinking bout it. The director should be shot for unleashing such a monstrosity upon us. But its not only the directors fault, the dam writers are to blame also. I'd get a better story off my daughter and shes only 4. Now i don't want to be insulting the Australians but they ain't the most talented people wen it comes to movies r acting, except for a few actors. CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPP
Meryl Streep won best actress for giving a penetrating and complex portrayal of a woman whose guilt makes her postwar life a walking death. She is incredibly intense, occasionally inappropriately so, but always memorable. But, that intensity in combination with Kevin Kline's overplaying is hard to take at times. Add in the slow pacing and you have an unpleasant, albeit well crafted, movie-watching experience. Peter McNichol does his best to provide some irony and insights, and Josef Sommer's superb narration helps move things on a bit. If you can stick with it, you will be rewarded by the unforgettable denouement. It works as art much better than it works as entertainment.
I adore this movie and have watched it over and over again. It continues to hold my attention every single time. The storyline is lovely and very moving. How Andrew forms a very close bond to Little Miss and Sir is enchanting. I thought the clothes chosen for the film were perfect - Portia's ball gown was absolutely stunning and the music throughout was wonderful! The character of Andrew played by the brilliant fantastic Robin Williams is absolutely delightful. Robin is a superb actor and I have just finished reading his autobiography. In my eyes everything he touches turns to gold. I totally love this film and will watch it forever!!
Classic gangster film showing how a young man (James Cagney) becomes a gangster and killer. This film made Cagney and deservedly so. It moves quickly (it's 82 minutes long), is never dull, has good acting and contains many classic sequences: Cagney smacking Mae Clarke in the face with a grapefruit; a massacre that you hear but don't see; Cagney stumbling through a rainstorm. The film also opens and ends with a silly statement condemning gangsters--it was probably put in to pacify censors--this film was considered extremely violent for 1931. Also the ending is horrifying, even by today's standards. A must see. Also a nice showcase for a very young Jean Harlow.
This is one of those movies that keep you watching despite a sloppy screenplay - why, for God's sake, does Korvo (Jose Ferrer) first attempt to gain control of Ann Sutton's (Gener Tierney) mind in the middle of a cocktail party albeit in an empty room into which anyone could have wandered and why, when Tierney discovers the body of Ferrer's ex lover, do two guys turn up from nowhere and call the police. Add to this Richard Conte as arguably the most unconvincing psychiatrist in screen history and we begin to see the size of the problem. Nevertheless Tierney keeps us watching as Ferrer is effective as the quack Korvo.
Like classic Hollywood musicals, the plot is just an excuse. A must see for those interested in French music hall (including a song by Édith Piaf) and for the wonderful 10 plus minute cancan finale. The dancing in the film is not at all like what usually passes for cancan. Some might object to the Technicolor costumes and the bright lighting, but it gives you a clear view of some grand costumes and sets. Consider it Jean Renoir's love letter to the Paris he grew up in. Certainly the Jean Renoir film for people who don't like his serious films or who only like his Hollywood productions.
"Nonetheless, I find KILLING dull, boring, and unworthy of my time." My goodness, well isn't this just the most blowhard-ish statement on the boards for this movie! "Unworthy of my time". Who are you, Louis XIV, who announced menacingly, "I nearly waited" when his lackey came running up exactly at the prescribed time?!?! LOL It's a movie- it was obviously worth enough time to sit down and write a review, and even include the equally blowhard-ish device of giving your review a name: "Ted's review: C-". I suppose some people like talking about themselves in the 3rd person, like critics on a show who use it as a device, but here?
Such substance in the movie. Just the dialogue alone keeps you intrigued. The only reason I give this movie a 9 and not a 10 is because Bogies hand position is distracting. He walks like an ape. Even if he is supposedly imitating Dillinger - it's weird to look at. I also enjoyed the married couples side conversations - very comical and a refreshing change from the serious situation with the gangsters. Also loved the relationship between Betty Davis' character and her new love interest- not a sappy love story at all. Very mature feelings on Leslie's character - he is pretty captivating. Deep conversationalist and witty and quick as well.
It sounds like a soppy idea: That we meet the people we love time and again through the ages. But it works - for over three hours. 'La belle histoire' switches between Judea 2000 years back (yep, the time and place of Christ) and the present day. We meet the same group of people then and now, with grand passion, bullfighting and Gipsy Kings thrown into the mix. Being a French movie, there's a lot of pretty people here. And religious/Christian metaphors. This could have become a messy stew - instead, it's a very entertaining epic for the romanticists among us. Too bad it's so hard to get hold of.
First line to pad out the comment. Second line to pad out the comment. Review follows! I remember this being my least watched of the four Peanuts movies. Returning to this film after twenty years to watch it with my three year old daughter reminded me why that was. Either people are hurting each other or they're crying in this film. The voice acting is generally bad, though Linus is pretty good. Charlie Brown is just about intolerable. At one point, my daughter turned to me and said, "Daddy, this is boring." She was right. I'm glad I showed her this one first. They only get better.
Watch just the pilot was a shocking experience because: this was the first time in my life couldn't watch more than the first 5 minutes of movie or Tv show. The reason the horrible acting of every cast member (a bad acting can be resistible but a horrible acting...), the brainless script so childish as every power ranger episode. I love every robocop movie, but this bad copy of of the saga it could only serve as a lesson of what can be do to destroy an action hero. The most funny thing is: the lesson finally was learned and the other TV movies were so good as the first movies.
The most sensitive romance enacted by Bollywood. Fanaa is the epitome of elegant love story brought alive by the two world class and best ever actors in Bollywood, Kajol and Aamir Khan. All the scenes by Aamir and Kajol, which represents the majority of the movie, are worth repeating watching on the big screen. Their scenes tugs your heart in happiness, regrets, hopes, sadness, helplessness and so on. Little flaws in the narration of the movie (which are basically negligible, compared to other Bollywood flicks and even many of Hollywood flicks) are forgiven by the powerful yet very subtle act by the two actors. Excellent, go watch it.
I'm sick of reading bad reviews of this movie. This is such a funny, heartwarming and endearing film. One look at the premise and many people would think it's hard to make the movie work that way but it does. This was my favorite movie of 1994 and it works on so many levels. The interaction between the actors is fantastic. Even though it is more a light-hearted comedy the teenaged stars are given a realistic treatment throughout the film which is something rarely see in film. Michael Patrick Carter, Melanie Griffith and Ed Harris are all stellar. This movie is filled with wonderful enduring scenes and is truly a delight.
How difficult is it to make a 96 minute film with one set and keep it consistently interesting and fascinating? Answer: Extremely - but Hitchcock and his cinematographer pulled it off brilliantly. Bankhead is brilliant and deserved an Oscar nom for Best Actress - likewise William Bendix is superb and deserved a Best Supporting Actor nom -neither made the Academy's final list. A shame! (I found Bendix in WAKE ISLAND, for which he was nominated, rather forgettable). This one did get noms for direction, cinematography and original story- all deserved. The ensemble playing from everyone is exceptional - it's dark and harrowing, but a masterpiece nonetheless. Don't miss it!
I've seen Hotel Rwanda and now this film about the genocide of the early 90's in that country. Both films are very poignant. This movie is definitely more intimate as we are following a journalist through his view of that country's drama and, especially, his love towards a young black woman. I think that this movie complements nicely Hotel Rwanda with as powerful performances and story with a more day to day view of the very harsh reality of those times. Be aware that there are some disturbing scenes in this movie. In hoping that movies like this will help raise consciousness and help prevent other tragedies like that one.
A Distant Thunder uses fiction to portray the very real problem that our society seems to accept as normal, partial-birth abortion, Dilation and Extraction (D & X.) I recommend this short film for all and especially for youth groups, but suggest it be previewed by leaders before group showings in order to develop responses to questions that your audiences will have. The Bonus Tracks, interviews with Principal members of the production, may be necessary to resolve questions of your own and will assist in leading discussion about A Distant Thunder. Because of the powerful theme of this movie, I suggest that it not be shown to unsupervised children or youth.
Well, if you're expecting a Hollywood blockbusting action style flick, you'll be sorely disappointed. It is based on a Japanese manga, but it's not one of the kill everything type of mangas. The vast majority of people are already dead. The film loses something in its translation to English. It is based on a bleak view of how an apocalypse would affect Japan, or more particularly Tokyo. All I can say is that the characters reactions, psyches and the types of characters involved are typically Japanese in style. The extremities of some characters reactions seems unbelievable, but they are common extreme reactions found in Japanese mangas and other Japanese productions.
Fascinating documentary about a US underground cartoonist, Robert Crumb. Although I'd heard of Crumb (mainly through American Splendour I wasn't that aware of his work although some of his cartoons were images that I'd seen before. Basically the guy did an assortment of freaky and surreal images straight out of the darker recesses of his mind. Criticised for his portrayal of women in his comics by some, the film delves into what can only be described as a unique family background, where his brothers appear to be as divorced from reality as his comics are. It was good enough to get me to go and check out some of his stuff.
Disappointed with this one. Let's start with the dubbing...it's terrible, I know Godzilla movies are supposed to be badly dubbed but they actually used professionals. Godzilla is missing for most of this movie and we have to watch boring characters we care nothing about blabber on and on about Godzilla but I want to see him fight and stomp Tokyo! The plot was even better in the American version. The ending is by far one of the worst and cheesiest I have ever seen and don't even get me started on the horrible CGI. Overall, this was pretty crappy. Monster fights were minimal and there was even less stompage. **/*****
Like 'Pigs in a Polka' and 'The Band Concert', this cartoon short centres on a piece of music with an inventive animated theme - this time, the 'orchestra' are workmen building the 'Umpire' State building, whether the little elevator dog or the scrawny cats knocking pegs into the ground. Beautiful colour and music enhance this short, which was Oscar nominated but just pipped to the post. The foreman, with baton and whistle, monitors and directs the action, including an inventive bricklayer and a lift which can dodge obstructions. Wildly funny and well constructed, 'Rhapsody in Rivets' is a real find, and is a Merrie Melodie well worth tracking down.
The '80s yielded a number of movies about kids going on adventures, but "Explorers" was something else. On the surface, it seems like any other movie, but the aliens aren't what anyone is expecting. Mostly, the movie is about Ben Crandall (Ethan Hawke), Wolfgang Muller (River Phoenix) and Darren Woods (Jason Presson), and their fantasies. And then there are director Joe Dante's touches. Dick Miller - whom Dante always casts - plays a cop who discovers the boys' spaceship. Robert Picardo (another frequent Dante player) voices one of the aliens. And of course Dante has many allusions to '50s B-movies. Maybe "Explorers" isn't anything special, but it's still pretty fascinating.
Movie about an odd, underground segment, the intellectually passive version of Cronenberg's Crash. People who want to be crippled from the waste down and confined to a wheelchair. It is more than that. It's set within a mystery as to whether a radio reporter is getting lured into a trap or fake story. And unlike Crash, there's no drug connection. It's more psychological, but equally dark, simply without the ambiance and style that Crash had. The downside is that some of it seems too setup and the story under-developed. The result is that it seems less like a theater film and more like a TV movie, but worth watching.
This was much better than the late-night potboiler I had expected. Payne was playing such a vile character that his performance seemed a bit forced at times, but I can see why he did this picture since the portrayal is a bit different from most of his roles He's up to the stretch, and should have done more dramatic work and fewer formulaic westerns & cop/investigator parts. More plots and subplots than we're used to in this period, and it all works. Dalton Trumbo's heavyhanded anticapitalism, thoroughly-corrupt-government motif is a bit much, but that was the popular theme amongst the leftie writers of the period, much as it is even today.
This movie was really terrible.I would only give it 2/10 but that's because The Crow 2 was even worse.The Crow's make-up job made him look like an extra in a Marilyn Manson music video.How anybody could find him intimidating is beyond me. Kirsten Dunst acts well(and is hot)but what why she agreed to do this mess is beyond me.The movie is WAY to long and is edited very badly.The LOUD rock music over every action(if you can call them that)scene becomes annoying really fast. Please,i beg you don't watch this.Not even on t.v.Ever.Don't encourage them.Don't make the same mistake i did-and i saw it in a theatre for free!
I too enjoyed this entry into the world of neophyte doctor, Dr. Kildare. It's nice to see his parents once again, as in several of the earlier films, playing such important roles in his life. Both his parents are fine, but his mother is simply adorable. I was also surprised at Dr. Marsh's depiction. A "colored" man (the terminology of the time) who happens to be an amazing doctor and one who speaks standard English. I would imagine this scene was often cut in the South since it doesn't directly impact the main plot, but it was fascinating to see. A nice addition to the Dr. Kildare series.
The Killing Edge has very little plot, and not much thought or money put into it. But this is a brilliant film when viewed as a spoof. Statements like "How about you Ted, fancy a shave?" and "But first Ted i'll shoot you, you little b@#!£" both directed at a teddy bear make this a very funny and enjoyable movie. There are some classic fight scenes including a near showdown at the end in which everyone gets shot about 20 times and live. I won't spoil it by giving away the plot(if you can call it a plot) but if you can get hold of this film you are extremely lucky.
Dennis the Menace is a great hilarious movie. The music composed by the legendary Jerry Goldsmith is perfect especially for the scene when we fist see Christopher Lloyd. The cast is great and it was great seeing Llyod and Lea Thomson in the same film again ala the Back to the Future trilogy.Walter Matthau,Joan Plowright,and Paul Winfield were very good and I think it was a fine choice of putting Mason Gamble for the menace job as Dennis. The film has non-stop laughs especially the scenes with Matthau and I just love the scene when the end credits are playing.If you want to laugh look no further than Dennis the Menace!
Wing Commander III is one of the few games that effectively mixes full motion video and real gameplay. The computer drawn sets don't look that great but are far better than the computer animation of the previous games. Over all the live action portions of the game are pretty great for $4-8 million. The gameplay itself is also far better than the previous games and since the HUD is uncluttered I consider it slightly better than WC IV in that regard (the HUD in IV has a huge gunsight). Even though I played it with the graphics turned down on my old 486 I consider it one of my favorite games.
To all you people who have said this movie sucks Go F... yourselves !! This movie is funny from start to finish. In this age of political correctness it is good to venture back to a time where people could and did laugh at themselves. You seldom get the chance to watch movies like this anymore so watch this one. Roscoe Rules make this movie with his quotes throughout. " I'm going to rip that oily little old mustache right off your face" Overview. Good acting Not politically correct at all Will have you in stitches If cops were only like this
Usually, a good horror movie is scary, creepy or unnerving. "In the Woods" is none of those. So I place this movie in a new genre: Horrorble. Horrible basically describes this movie, it doesn't deserve any more words. I laughed through the entire 90 minutes. I laughed at the not so special effects and the bad acting. Horrible acting. What was the purpose of the "cannibal hamsters"? The ending was really dumb, and it seemed the movie was partially written, shot, then written more, shot etc. It claims to be "creepier than the blair witch project". This line is what encouraged me to rent the movie. Don't waste your time.
this game is the worst of the command and conquer series they have removed certain featuers of the game that makes it command and conquer. there is no longer a toolbar, so in the result of that there is workers/buldozers. it has nothing to do with the tiberian series or the red alert series. I think the gameplay is awful, the graphics isn't good either, it looks to much of an animation rather than a realistic game. take my advice if you are a command and conquer fan, don't get this game. THe only good thing I could say about generals is that it is in 3D
I thought this was a well-made film by a director of integrity about another director of integrity. It showed the devastating effects of HUAC witch-hunts on the careers and families of brilliant filmmakers in Hollywood, during the late '40s and early '50s. It exposed the split between those who were able to withstand the crass interrogations and those who failed. It was possible to identify with the tragedy of those who were jailed and feel joy when they found a way of escaping from their victimization. I attended a showing of the film with the director answering questions about his film. I was struck by his humility and empathy.
Saw this film on TV. Came in about half-way. I met Juan and Virginia Chacon when I was organizing steelworkers in the southwest. I also met Francis Williams (no relation) an African-American cultural worker who played an important role in developing the script. yes, the movie is didactic and preachy--but so is Salt of the Earth. Unless you are Pauline Kael, you can't help but be moved by it. I show Salt of the Earth to my students and I wonder how I can get a copy of this film to show them as well? James H. Williams, PhD Department of Social Work Savannah State University Savannah, GA 31404
Although I didn't actually see the whole movie, "The Circus" is a hoot nonetheless. Charlie Chaplin plays a guy who joins the circus and before too long gets his own act. You'll die laughing in the scenes where he's attached to the rope. I actually watched it on TV while living with a family in St. Petersburg, Russia, and they laughed their heads off just watching him perform his stunts. That shows why these silent comedies were so great: you can laugh even if you don't know what they're saying. It's truly movies like these that make life worth living, and Chaplin remains possibly the greatest comedian in all history. 10/10.
i recently saw the approx. 40min version of this film and i must say, knowing what is missing from the 32min version, that it is indeed far more impactful and superior. images of more fallen soldiers in white body bags appear and reappear throughout to the point of it being a reocurring theme. i'm sure it's just as brilliant without the extra footage, but if you can, try to see the extra footage. while i have not seen the true original (running approx. 50min), i'm quite positive it's even better than the one i was fortunate enough to see. a great documentary film all-around (even if some of it was staged).
For an American, regularly exposed to American movies, "Tapas" is a unique and unusual experience. There are no special effects. There is no computer scenery. It is an Altman-like ensemble piece with closely related multiple story lines performed by the most talented of actors. The main characters include a middle-age divorcée looking for love, a bistro owner with a low opinion of the human race, two young supermarket stockers with party on their minds, an old lady who peddles drugs to finance her and her husband's declining years, and a Chinese chef. This is one of the most realistic and entertaining European movies that I've seen in some time. Highly recommended.
Bruce Willis, Michelle Pfeiffer and a wonderful cast make this movie one of the best experiences of recent times. The story of a married couple losing each other and neither knows why; trying to hide it as the children grow through their early teens must touch the heart of most parents but this portrayal will reach right down inside you and tear you apart. I can feel the tears coming back even as I write this. This is a film of pure emotion so well written and beautifully directed with just the right balance of humour and tragedy and so insightful no one contemplating /in/out of a relationship should miss it.
Adam Sandler was great and Jack Nicholson was his usual crazy self. This funny, out of character Adam Sandler vehicle was bumpy at best, with a rather insulting Buddhist monk scene and some unintentionally dumb sequences as well as some overly obvious cameos which made the movie campy though tolerably cute. This feel good, though somewhat over the top anger solves anger philosophy ends up with a small twist and a satisfying conclusion. It was nice to see Adam Sandler can act. Both Sandler and Jim Carrey are gaining a lot of respect from me lately. Different, diversionary, insipid in places, but a pleasant romantic comedy. Seven out of ten stars.
Mostly silly, with Adam Sandler doing his usual goofy stuff, but Jack Nicholson - looking like Orson Welles - gives the movie exactly what it needs. There are some scenes that we expect in an Adam Sandler movie (e.g., someone eventually exposes something embarrassing about himself), but other parts really hit you. The whole "I Feel Pretty" sequence was a real surprise. And of course, there's some great lines, especially the "phobe" scene. Also starring Marisa Tomei, Luis Guzman, John Turturro, Woody Harrelson and Rudy Giuliani (yes, THAT Rudy Giuliani). So, in conclusion, I don't feel angry at all after watching this. In fact, I feel pretty. A real hoot.
I loved this movie! It was much better than Beijing Bicycle and most other contemporary Chinese films taking place in modern China. Xia Yu delivers an amazing performance as is expected from him. This movie is somewhat comparable to The Notebook. It definitely ranks up there next to Crouching Tiger and Hero. I cannot praise the movie enough. The movie really has a great twist. It is worth renting all the way. I especially like the portrayal of 1970's China and modern day Beijing. The film sequences from old movies are also great! Being Chinese, I found this movie somewhat accurate in depicting the 1970s. I would recommend this to movie!
alright well i am still wiping the tears from my eyes, from practically one of the funniest films i have seen that meant to be a horror. From peeing on ghost to kicking kids, this move has a wide variety of funny moments. It has some great special effects for the ghost and it can still send a nice chill down the old spine, but nothing that can scare you i believe. I cant see how this movie is related to the eye series and the story seems decent towards the start but just drops from there, but overall a fairly entertaining movie and worth a watch. 6/10
every time i see the movie..tears come into my eyes..... goosebumps allover.... I really respect the native, i wish i was one of them. respect human and animals.... I must write 10 line at least, but i think my comment is enough right now! ! ! ! ! !;) :) make more of these movies! show ignorant people how to live right show them to have respect for the older show them to have respect for all the animals, big and small show them to have respect for nature!!!!!!!!!!!! when do we finally realize , the world is dying??!! help others to survive this terrible world..it can be so beautiful!
I am very interested in the history of the Native American Indian and I found this DVD to be a profound and moving record. The acting was superb throughout but especially by Eddie Spears, August Schellenberg and an actor I particularly admire Michael Greyeyes. The accompanying music was fantastic. I found the Directors comments about each scene fascinating, especially the information regarding Edward Curtis the well known photographer. I am a photographer myself and could relate to the methods used in the film to create a sepia effect and short depth of field. I know I will Play this film over and over again and each time will find something new.
this game is the worst of the command and conquer series they have removed certain featuers of the game that makes it command and conquer. there is no longer a toolbar, so in the result of that there is workers/buldozers. it has nothing to do with the tiberian series or the red alert series. I think the gameplay is awful, the graphics isn't good either, it looks to much of an animation rather than a realistic game. take my advice if you are a command and conquer fan, don't get this game. THe only good thing I could say about generals is that it is in 3D
The opening sequence of this film mesmerizes as only a Fellini film can. In fact you are so intent on the back drop, it only hits you after the film is over that it was about (mostly) homosexuality. This film is a visual poem that makes total sense only on that level. When the final freeze (frieze) occurs, you feel as though you have awakened from a pleasant dream that made sense only in the fact that it was pleasant. Was this ancient Rome? It may or may not have been, but Satyricon is certainly everything lacking from all other films about this ancient city which holds the modern fascination.
I'm a big Robert Mitchum fan but even I couldn't sit through this one. Everyone acts as if they're asleep. They show the entire range of emotion from grim to grim. After the first half I gave up and fast-forwarded to the unsatisfying conclusion. This is the slowest moving plot you'll ever see in your life and as near as I could tell none of any of the character's motivations was revealed until the final scene. Since all these stars have done great work elsewhere I guess the blame lies with the director and the script. Just give this movie a pass and go watch ANY other Mitchum film.
23rd April 1992, the first day of my long awaited holiday to Hong Kong. I'm alone, 1000's of miles from home, very tired after the long flight. What should I do, go to my nice huge hotel bed, heck no, Cinema here I come. Hard Boiled is the movie I choose to see, I enjoyed The Killer so why not. Two hours later I was wide awake! What a MAD film, I need more! The bed won the arguement this time, but I'm glad that this was the first movie I ever saw in a Hong Kong cinema, it was everything I expected and more. This is another MUST SEE movie.
this movie is filled with the songs of john denver, hence the name "sunshine". kate is dying of cancer and doesn't want to take medication or chemo to prolong her life. she is an earth mother and loves the mountains. this movie was based on a true story. she leaves behind a tape recorded diary for her daughter of things she wants her to know about as she's growing up. her husband sam is a struggling musician and plays the guitar. it has romance, tears, and humor. there was a short lived t.v. series based on this movie and a sequel called "sunshine Christmas".
A splendid satire on the Olympic industry and TV sports programmes. Plenty of recognisable types amongst the furry cast from the gushing bimbo interviewer to an intense USSR gymnast to a deadpan turtle anchorman. The animation is above average for TV but lacks the richness of Bluth or Disney. However that hardly matters because the real pleasure lies in the smart script, engaging vocal performances and first rate character design. Quite a lot of the more adult humour will sail over the heads of the young but older viewers can watch this movie again and again to pick up on the jokes they missed last time. An extremely underrated cartoon gem.
I really liked it. I was sure it was going to turn into a moralistic, heavy 'corporations driven by financial policy' examination... and yes, that was there, but just enough to urge reflection. The romance and examination of cultures from many sides was unexpected, and what made this worth seeing. A fine movie, light and fun... despite the title. As a computer guy, I'm now working with several from India, and this struck some chords. I'm not going to pass up a chance to visit. As far as corporate policy goes, you don't get far by withering your fundamentals, but that's enough of that. Ayesha Dharker was very good.
This is one of my favorite Christmas movies. It is slow, to be sure, but the whole feel of it and the ambiance created are beautiful. It is such a heartfelt story and the cast is excellent. Neil Patrick Harris still comes off very young, but his work as Will is multi faceted. Debbie Reynolds is, as always, a joy to watch, and her restrained performance helps anchor the story. I usually can figure out plot twists from the get-go, but the final revelation of who Lillian is was a complete surprise--heart wrenching and uplifting all at once. If you want an intimate, heartfelt holiday movie don't miss THE Christmas WISH.
Someone else in here mentioned how naive the movie is about the North-South Korea relations.... Forget that. How about "How naive the whole movie is" ??? The idea the whole movie is based on is cute, and thats the only reason I wanted to watch it anyway, but besides that, it doesn't deliver at any point. Predictable story, childish lines, uninspired digital effects, boring characters, ridiculous foreign actors and so it goes. I see here its director's debut film, so I hope next time, he will find a better way to express himself and spend the production's money. I love Korean Cinema, but this one is a bad movie. Really!
Confused and shallow biography of Madame Satã, a notorious Brazilian homossexual thief fails in the attempt of give a large, acurate and more profound vision of a so curious and rich man. The movie just go on and on telling about his homosexual relationship, his exibitions as a gay singer in some old and decadent places but forget to portrait the human side of the main character, mainly his relations with the press, the intelectual of his time. The direction is electric but at the end the result is just routine. Ramos gives a superb performance as Satã but he doesn't save this lame misfire. I give this a 4 (four).
X-Men was a really entertaining, and overall great film.Than again, I use great in lowest term, but still, I think it deserves to be called great.This movie is one of those superhero movies that delivered and stuck.Most just deliver and then you forget about them, but this one always has to be one of the first superhero films that comes to mind when you think of that genre.The casting could've have been more perfect either.I mean, Hugh Jackman, Famke Janssen, James Marsden, and Halle Berry.All of them I've seen in numerous amounts of films and I think they're all fantastic.This is a good movie, and I recommend it for basically anyone.
Nothing prepares you for the subtlety and searing honesty of this film. There is something ennobling about watching it. The director gives us vignettes of life in Pakistan, circa 1980 and 1999, and paints the portrait of a country in the grip of a ruinous Islamization. General Zia-ul-Haq took the country backward by several years through his repressive policies and Sabiha Sumar shows us glimpse of what he did to the country. In a film so subtly wrought, it is unusual to be struck particularly by acting performances but for Shilpa Shukla is a revelation. It is a splendidly understated performance and I must say her sensuality stirred me too.
This film, already four years old, (successfully I think) explores the toxic potentiality of only one everyday item. There are scores of other contaminants out there, with the growing problem of e-waste something that will impact on everyone sooner or later. There is even a black market in e-waste disposal that sends discarded high-tech components to the developing world for crude deconstruction. One commentator referred to "Blue Vinyl" as "lefty." Actually, he or she should take note: the filmmaker notes that adult toys might contain carcinogens. This could be a big boost for the right, who generally don't approve of such items: scores of vibrators having to be discarded or recalled.
Both leads are perfect in their roles and the chemistry between them is breathtaking. Best romantic scene is when Rochester thanks Jane for saving him from the bedroom fire - as Rochester holds onto Jane's hands, the glances they exchange and when Rochester says 'Jane' after a silent pause as she walks out of his room - speaks volumes. The funniest scene is the gypsy scene which I had not seen in the film version in 1996 and was a welcome surprise. Both are also average-looking rather than gorgeous which makes the story more believable although Sorcha is beautiful in a classic way. Both leads are the best Jane and Rochester.
This inofficial sequel to the "über-boring" Australian wannabe-thriller "Patrick" is one of the sleaziest movies ever made. Hardly surprising if you take a look at the director's name: Mario Landi, the director of the even sleazier "Giallo a Venezia". Landi delivers lots of naked (female) flesh, lots of senseless dialogue and plenty of gratuitous gore-scenes. The dubious highlight: A woman gets impaled from her genitalia upwards through her mouth. Sounds sick, eh? But the effects - the afore mentioned one in particular - are so badly executed that their impact equals zero. All in all a tedious waste of time, even in the rare uncut version. 3 out of 10, though.
This comedy was touching, scathing and educational. The film addresses the stereotyping of Latinos, and the tremendous economic power the Latin population has in the state of California. Few films are brave enough to take on this sort of subject matter. We see the decimation of the police force, agriculture, and the entertainment biz. But the message is not given in a preachy or cynical style. It's a really great movie for younger audiences because the satire has tremendous heart. It's good for adults too because it's biting and intelligent. Tremendously entertaining and informative. I loved the "surprise ending" and the basic message that family is not defined by blood alone.
Wouldn't suit all tastes, but if you like it you'll love it. A very gentle, very English humour with many wonderful throwaway lines. Strongly recommend. Sara Crowe is outstanding in the part of a girl totally hung-up on a theatrical agent, and Annette Badland and Nadia Sawalha are equally good supporting her as the long-suffering friends. Leslie Phillips plays an excellent music teacher/musician and there are some excellent scenes where he is trying to help the girls write their song. However, the piece de resistance for me was the song at the end - the acting, as well as the song, together with the reactions of the audience, make excellent viewing.
I have enjoyed watching this film several times over the three decades since it was released. Yes, it certainly is a tragic and gruesome story of how brutal mankind can be, but more importantly, it is an inspiring story of resilience and the triumph of the human spirit in the face of overwhelming adversity. I often think of the closing scene where Papillon floats away from the prison island on his raft of coconuts. This was truly my favorite of all of Steve McQueen's films. Dustin Hoffman's performance foretold the depth and richness of his acting abilities. I highly recommend this film. It is a timeless classic.
Poor horror recommended only for real fans... other people would hate it. I still can't believe that Robert Zemeckis took part to this fiasco called Tales from the Crypt. A combination of some horror and some funny scenes, with a non-concludent plot and few twists and turns... this is good to watch only if you like special effects, with hearts torn out of chests, blood spreading everywhere and thirsty vampires. Still a horror must be a horror and if you try to combine one with comedy the result will s*ck. Still i liked the idea with the water guns :) funny. Vote: 4 out of 10. Vote: 4 out of 10.
I really like this movie, it reminded me of "Demon Knight" and it's just as great as "Demon Knight." I really think that Corey Feldman is a sexy and cool dude! He's really cool in this film, and he was cooler from "The Lost Boys" and I think he's still the Prince of Scary Movies. He's also really good looking in his older age, I betcha all the girls, even his wife thought he's till good looking. Dennis Miller could be funny or should I say, "Damn Funny!" Thank you for the comment. I do believe that they should continue on doing the scary tales from the crypt. Signed, element_pharaohs
Extreme Force was a movie with a lot of action. It was nice seeing Hector the world martial arts champion in a film. He acts very well,and his martial movements are awesome, I would think as good as Bruce Lee. I have seen Hector a lot in martial arts magazines, he really knows what he is talking about. I am a martial artist and I can tell all his movements in the movie are true and real, that's very rare to see now days! I thought the plot was interesting, although kind of confusing sometimes. I am looking forward to seeing this champ on the screen again. A real fan, Matt
I was hoping this movie to be better than 'Romeo Must Die' and I was not disappointed. I truly believe this is Jet Li's English coming out movie (too bad it was released in the summer when other bigger movies come out). I did not go to see the movie for the story line and those who don't won't be disappointed either. The action was great especially the final scenes. Bridget Fonda did not do much (found her irritating in some scenes) but then again, did not watch the movie because she was there. Believable, maybe not ... Jet Li as the new Bruce Lee, most definitely! 8/10
Wonderful film. Cinematogaphy is brilliant. Story is one long overdue in telling (few people knew of the diggers prior to this film, outside of a small alternative community). Memorable scenes, such as the crossroads confrontation between the Puritan parson and Winstanley. The battle scenes at the start are artfully, sparingly, and convincingly drawn. Winstanley himself may come off as a bit saintly, but he's nonetheless compelling, and a good choice for the role (he was a schoolteacher by trade and amateur actor). The attention to historical detail borders on the fanatical, and is well worth watching. And much of the dialogue is drawn from actual writings of Winstanley himself.
It's not a good movie, that's for sure and I watched it at 2 am on hbo but there's something i really liked about it... i think it was the cartoons. the way they used the cartoons reminded me of 80s comedies, u know how they do the cartooning at the beginning credits in a lot of them? that just reminded me of, like, one crazy summer or something and it gave the film an overall atmosphere that i liked. its a pretty bad movie, story wise but theres something kinda cute about it. i think the cartooning redeemed it in my eyes, reminded of better times in teen romance comedy.
This is an absolutely beautiful cartoon! Most Fleischer shorts were quite visually striking, to be sure, but Betty Boop only had one color cartoon-this one. While in many ways it's good that black and white was used for most of her cartoons, the sweep of this cartoon cried out for color. The Fleischers were likely also hoping that Betty's popularity would boost interest in the Color Classics series that they were starting. Betty as Cinderella was certainly fitting-after all, Cinderella did ultimately become a princess when she married the prince and Betty Boop is cartoon royalty. Wonderful effort from the brothers Max and Dave. In print and available. Most highly recommended.
This is by far the worst movie I've seen from France in the past 5 years. This supposed comedy is anything but funny. The lead character is a narcissist so wrapped up in his work & making appearances that he's unaware of the impact he has on those around him. Why anyone would associate with this creep, much less have an affair with him is beyond me. His character is so abhorrent that there is no empathy from the viewer to the events that take place. It also fails as any type of social critique or satire as it is decidedly unfunny and doesn't create any insight into its subject matter.
This film tempted me to leave within the first half hour during the screening at Sundance. It's rarely fun to follow characters who don't change. And much less fun to see them naked and frustrated while doing so. Don't get me wrong, we all love a little skin and angst in film, but this film lacked other elements to even that out. I got worn out by such a depressing cycle of events. During the Q & A, the Director said he wanted to explore the life of a man who remains unchanged. I say, explore it if you like. Just don't spend any more money filming it.
I have a strange affection for "Frogs." I realize that it isn't a great movie, but it's charm lies in it's unintentional humor. Or perhaps it is intentional. I recently watched "Squirm" about flesh eating worms and it's obvious that the movie is tongue-in-cheek. I feel that "Frogs" was probably done in the same way. I'm sure everyone had a good time while making it and it's a good time watching it. This movie made me laugh, and I enjoyed it. So if you've never seen this movie, and happen to come across it, don't take it seriously. Just try to have some fun with it. My rating: 8/10
You should not take this movie serious. The time has run away from this movie indeed but forget that when you see this. All I can say is that this is John Carpenter's best movie. And Kurt Russel coolest role. I think that Kurt has done only two cool guys in all of his movies. As Snake Plissken in Escape from New York and as MacReady in The Thing. And the music keeps haunting me forever. It's so great! I love it! I can't express myself how good the music is. Overall: If you haven't seen this so what are you waiting for? Go see it! And buy the soundtrack too!
This movie is so great, Bigas shows you how this common woman falls in love with this kind of masochism. Love it...don't want to spoil it for you guys, but is a movie of love and eroticism, if you like Bigas you would like this. The photography is beautiful, and the acting of the Bambolina more. For me the scenery was very real, anyone can find themselves falling for the masochism. I also love the brother, sister relationship, and when she finally meets her love. Bigas makes the unerotic, erotic, you find yourself deep into the movie wanting to experience what the Bambolina is experimenting with, this movie just seduce you
This portrayal of the oppression and discrimination that existed in Bosnia-Herz... is eye opening. Not only was the lead hated and oppressed because he was Muslim, but also he was further despised because he was gay. I would rate this movie even more important than America's Brokeback Mountain. I am openly stating that this is the best movie I have ever seen at Toronto's InsideOut Film Festival throughout it's 16 year run. Congratulations to this film's creators. You had me riveted to the screen from the moment the film opened. I am waiting to find out where I can purchase this movie on DVD to add it to my personal library.
Parts of it were a little eerie but the action left a lot to be desired, the fight scene at the end and the car crash were a little awful and a bit laughable. I liked the flashes of the future in black and white though.And the explosion at the start looked pretty good, I think thats why it's disappointing, because the first five minuets were more entertaining than the rest of it put together. Personally I think my media class could have made something better, but it wasn't terrible, the mothers dislike of the nanny was believable. Okayish. It might have worked better as a spoof comedy.
This classic is rarely seen on TV. Old Dark House scenario with a murder mystery to solve. Lionel Atwill, a 1930s Universal Studio staple, is terrific--just mysterious enough to keep you guessing. Elizabeth Patterson does her best Una O'Connor imitation as the frightened old maid type, and the youthful Gloria Stuart sings. Edward Albert is a standout later in the film as the investigator of the mysterious goings on. Due to the short running time, this little thriller catches steam rapidly and comes to a satisfactory conclusion. Remade several times, including once as a musical. This film has terrific atmosphere, due to the relatively elaborate sets, considering the "B" film status.
When it comes to Serbian (Yugoslavian) horror movies, only masterpieces can be found. They all have unique stories, great actors, excellent camera, good pace and very odd twists in stories. "Davitelj" have cult status in Serbia. It is a story about real people in real situations. Scariest thing is fact that serial killer can be your neighbor, or you can be killed 'cose you wearing pants and dislike flowers! When you watching "Davitelj" you laugh, then you scream, and so on. And you scream very loud. And laugh too. The movie that you will watch again and again and again,... And you'll be infected by very good soundtrack.
Last of the Summer Wine doesn't come on until 11 pm on the local PBS station, but it's always worth the lack of sleep. It's a rare comedy nowadays that can be genuinely funny without being crude. The three old men at the center of the show are constantly involved in antics worthy of Lucille Ball. The wide array of supporting characters are representative of real-life characters to be found in any small town in any country, which is probably why it appeals to me, a girl from a small town in the Midwestern United States. It's heartwarming, funny, and for the entire family. What more could you want?
This was definitely a good movie.Everything a movie fan could ask for is in this movie. Excellent actors and actresses, a good plot, and outstanding music came from this movie. Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston made this movie. Kevin Costner plays the role of a bodyguard assigned to protect a rock singer well played by Whitney Houston. He of course saves her from several close calls. In the meantime a close relationship develops between the bodyguard and the singer. In the meantime an evil person is always lurking nearby to do the singer harm. This proved to be an excellent movie that was entertaining to watch. You will not be disappointed.
The for-pay movie critics raved about "The Age of Innocence" often granting it their highest ratings. Gushing about the color, soundtrack, nuanced screenplay and understated acting, this was for many the best of 1993, a coup de grace for Mr. Scorsese. Maybe so. Sure, the colors, and their uses were brilliant and clever. The soundtrack and score were very good, likewise the acting. But the pacing of the movie was too slow. I'm told that the movie transports you to 1870s upper class New York. It's just like you were there. So what. The point of movies is to tell a story, but during the telling this viewer nearly fell asleep.
Sylvester and Tweety had only been co-starring for a few years by this point, but Granny appears to be the prototype for the current - if unrealistic - image of the senior citizen kicking booty. As a cat lover, I've always wondered why Sylvester has to suffer so much in these cartoons, even if he's a sinister predator. But in "Canary Row", he suffers at the hands of Tweety, Granny, and even the desk clerk. Will that feline ever get what he wants?! Anyway, it's a pretty funny cartoon. Tweety is sort of the epitome of a facade hiding something nasty. Watch for a sign advertising "Friz" (Freleng, that is).
A simple and sad story told in a beautiful picture, but what makes the film really interesting is the context of it, the dramatic reality of a reli-fascistic society in which women mean nothing that is outlined to us. A reality that fortunately doesn't exist anymore in the same way in Afghanistan, but in various forms is still practiced in a number of countries. The actors are all non-profi's and they play wonderful. The only optimistic thing you can say about the film is that the girl playing the leading part (who was a beggar) could buy a simple house for her and her family after having played in the film.
I have not read the novel that this screenplay is based on, so I cannot comment on that respect. As a film in it's own right, the direction was rather interesting. Pop culture was left behind for an alternative culture. But then, at what point does alternative culture become popular? This is much the same with alternative musics/culture today. Perhaps, the spiral into savagery and madness could have been more dark. The cinematography was breathtaking and the soundtrack well selected for the above mentioned theme. One criticism is that the direction seemed to almost flagrantly look 'arthouse'. 7 out of 10. Less if you have read the novel.
This movies was very compelling. It's one that sticks. The screenplay, camera-work & casting are all fantastic. I'm already looking forward to future work of Frank Cappello. This movie is up there with Memento, seriously. Be sure to check out some of the explanations of this movie on IMDb. It has more layers than you would think. Very, very clever movie and not easy to film because it's situated in the realm of psychology. Christian Slater certainly wasn't one of my favorite actors but he's truly brilliant in this one. I wish he was always this picky of his roles or that there were more scenario's like this one.
Of course it is! Twenty years on from its original release, good to see it doing the rounds at the cinemas again to rave reviews. I think that it was probably the last great musical that will ever be made, a thought which saddens me....but times, attitudes and financial considerations have changed. The cast of the film perform as one unit....the interplay between the various character parts is at times electric. The songs and dance routines are simply marvellous. All the ingredients of a cinema classic are there for all too see. It is my mother's favourite film, my favourite film and my childrens' favourite film. Three generations can't be wrong!
I was surprised at how clever and darkly humorous this film actually was. It's wonderfully cast, beautifully acted, and totally different from most movies out there. A group of ederly people find that they will go to any extreme to keep their apartment building from being torn down. Led by a their motivated, stop at nothing, leader Maddie they take out any obstacle that gets in their way. It has a surprise ending that I was shocked to see. A really great movie. If you want a strange, witty, twisted and funny movie definitly rent this. Unless you can find a resonably priced used copy, then you should definitly buy it!
This was by far one of the worst "horror" flicks I have ever had the displeasure of enduring. Despite the fact it appeared as if it were made on a $50 budget, the acting was just as bad. Mario "AC Slater" Lopez has ruined any last hope of any future acting carer by appearing in this thing. And Gary Busey shows his desperation to remain in the film business by shamelessly appearing as a "chicken-killing" mad-man. The movie stars a group of spoiled rich tree-hugging college kids who will never be "coming to a theater near you" again. Trust me, this movie is not worth the tape-dvd it is recorded on.
After a crappy opener for Season 3, the second episode proves to be just as crappy and annoying. The episode is about a failure of a script writer who fantasizes about having a girl who is head-over-heels inlove with him. Then he meets this annoying failure of an actress and his landlord gives him a potion that makes her addicted to him. After a while, he realized how annoying it is to have someone obsessing over you. The episode is a mess, the dialog and performances are too over the top and the ending was just incredibly corny. Season 3 is off to a bad start.
Well the Direction was okay, given the potency of the movie. Cinematography was horrid, having allowed flawed lighting in shot movements. The art direction was simple. It dealt with themes of religion. There were I feel undertones of black and white view points. It is a generic horror film. The dialogue had an overabundance of clichés and the shots did little to acquaint the viewer with the characters surroundings. However, this film was not bad given the fact that Poche is a novice film maker. I am a fan of B movies because they are so darned corny and funny, and this one fits the bill. It's 35 minutes of hell.
Dreary and flatly directed, 'The Philadelphia Experiment' is a disappointing lump based on a supposedly true story in which sailors Michael Pare and Bobby Di Cicco are transported from 1943 to 1984 during a radar test. Could be intriguing. Isn't. The plot unfolds so slowly, and is directed with so little style, that it's of practically no interest. As Pare gets closer to finding how he ended up in '84 things pick up a little but those developments are skipped over pretty quickly in favour of a conclusion filled with crummy visual effects. Pare injects a little charisma into an otherwise duff cast that includes Nancy Allen in full-on plank mode.
I love watching bad movies and laughing thru them. i couldn't laugh at this. its just horrific. the jokes are painful, almost all of them involve farting which usually stops being funny after 6 years old. random nudity was the best bit, the worst was the spoofing of other films, the gay guys horrible acting, the bad sound, fuzzy picture, rat-ass acting, insanley cringeable sound effects, rubbish visual effects and shaz-house-rat plot. worst film I've ever seen, a title previousley held by the invisible maniac. its total crap. avoid. it took two hours of my life. i want them back. Sometimes i wish IMDb would let us give zero stars.
Sorry to all the hysterical types who want to believe in this hokum-- simple physics is all that's needed to explain the collapse. Hold the explosives. Ask yourself why the narrator asks an unending stream of questions (and not very good ones). Why? Because this film contributes nothing, just dramatizes clouds of falling debris (which do hold a certain ghoulish fascination). "Why the Towers Fell" and other serious documentaries actually answer questions, present facts, and contain 100% less Carmina Burana. Pause a moment to remember those who perished that day, work for justice, understanding, and peace in the world. What the world doesn't need is more groundless suspicion, fear, and hysteria.
Blasphemy! That's all that can be said about this film! This shouldn't even be considered a sequel to the Exorcist as they are two completely different films that have completely different directions. T he only thing they share is Linda Blair (who I don't mind saying has 'grown up' a little more in this one! BOINGGG!) who reprises her character of Regan McNeil. And what's the deal with that brain synchronisation machine? Who thought of that? James Earl Jones lends his powerful presence to the proceedings but doesn't really do anything. Avoid if you want a horror movie, I don't know what it is, but it ain't horror!
One of the dullest, most poorly written film I have ever seen, give it a miss. I've never looked forward to the credits of a film with more excitement. That's all there is to say about this, but I will keep writing because I have to submit 10 lines of text for my review to be accepted. I wouldn't have bothered because the film doesn't merit it, but I want to try and stop anyone else wasting their evening watching it like I did, so I'll keep on until I make the 10 lines needed. Actually this review is already much more interesting than the film.
Richard Benjamin was such an interesting actor in the 1970s (indifferent, unafraid to appear dishonest, sharp-tongued) that his transformation into a film director of complete and utter piffle is both surprising and disheartening. Here he helms a crass comedy laced with old-fashioned trimmings: Whoopi Goldberg plays the mother of teenage girl who gets the news she was the result of mom's visit to a sperm bank. Worse, her biological father is both white and an obnoxious car-salesman! Shrill, misguided piece flails about trying to be funny and does not succeed. Goldberg can't rise above the cheap, smarmy writing, nor can she do much under Benjamin's even smarmier handling. * from ****
Alan Ayckbourn's only major stage to screenplay (to date) is mucked-up with a lot of tricky camera work and opened up like a cancer patient, straying far off the path set by an excellent stager re: newcomer disrupting a provincial troupe staging John Gay opera on proverbial shoestring. Fine effort by Tony Hopkins as transplanted Welshman director but to no avail. Films centering on staging plays (NOISES OFF, of note) rarely hit the mark and this is no exception. I'll keep my memories of the Royal National Theatre production and try to forget this plodding mess. Bury it with flick BEYOND THERAPY, another stager gone wrong for a wonderful stage scribe.
Bad characters. Bad dialogue trying to pass as witty. Just a bad, bad movie. Painful at times. Not far off from a talking heads movie, yet the conversations were slow enough that even if the movie involved gunfire they'd still be boring. And, no, the characters would have been stereotypes back in 1981 as well. A bad movie is a bad movie, no matter how one tries to sell it as a "well, you had to be there". Well, I was there. It wasn't like that. It didn't suck this much. No excuses, please. See "Last Days of Disco" if you want relative accuracy... 200 would suck in any era.
This, by far, is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I actually persuaded my date that it would be better than the current movies that were playing (i.e. Sleepers, First Wives Club, etc.). I mean, come on. Hemingway and Pare. That is a pretty good cast. During the movie, I kept telling my date that it would get better and that the plot would soon develop. How wrong I was. This was one of the crappiest movies ever made. I never knew that is possible for the moon to stay full for extended days on end. Save your money. Don't even dignify this movie by renting it.
This film really misses the mark on most fronts. The accents are laughably weak, the acting amateurish and the comedy weak at best. They've got a great idea, it could have been particularly enjoyable but for the reasons mentioned above. The writer seems to think by putting the word f*ck into every sentence it'll make it funnier and the main character just seems to try a little too hard. He's no Brick top thats for sure. Next time at least get a cast that can keep the accent for the whole film. It's a crime to compare this to films like The Business, Lock Stock and Snatch.
The ambitious script deserves some credit for the way it keeps intercutting the past with the present tense, a technique that results in some intriguing effects; in one scene we see somebody killed, in the next scene there he is, moving and talking! But, the pace of the film is plodding, the performances detached and completely unengaging (or maybe the characters are detached and completely unengaging; in any case, you don't sympathize with them), the direction too "arty" (for example, a driving scene with no dialogue runs about five minutes, while one of Karen Black's "melancholy" songs plays on the soundtrack). Plus, the VHS print I saw was SEVERELY damaged. (**)
Ok, I just managed to stay awake through this film, hoping for some emotional jolt at the end to make up for over two hours of tedium. Oh, yeah--late 80's to mid 90's films are considered more sophisticated if left without a meaningful resolution, "Cause that's like life." Strong willed witch of a mother-in-law, spineless son, sweet wife with too little self-esteem. Three people I wouldn't want to know in person, or spend another minute watching. Was it just my DVD or were all the scenes in Leila's home supposed to have the same red lighting as submarines in emergencies? Avid feminists might enjoy this. Avid film-lovers...beware.
As a great fan of Dwight Yoakam's music as well as his acting performance in "Sling Blade", I was extremley disappointed with "South of Heaven, West of Hell". What a stinker! Terrible writing with very uninspired and flat performances by several otherwise talented actors. I swear Billy Bob Thornton must have been reading straight from cue cards throughout his minor five minute robotic appearance. It's almost as if he and several of the others must have owed Dwight a favor and that's why they agreed to take part in this project. Otherwise I can't understand why they would want to have anything to do with such a boring and pointless film.
After Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher, here comes one. A franchise died in 1997, but this one sort of personifies that. The premise was good, the cast was good and the darkness quotient was fine. But the director should not have been explicit about certain matters. The ending should have been refined. There was no consistency in Batman's character and no effectiveness in the combat and counter-combat sequences. Other than that, this had the makings of a tolerable film. And please, do not make Batman appear so ineffective. There should have been a fight. Or if the director wanted to kill Batman with a whimper rather than a bang, he succeeded.
The idea of the film is pretty good. Placing historical characters into anachronistic situations offer many opportunities of great jokes. Also the director's previous film was quite good, and he had a great chance to create a great job. Had the money and many big names in the cast. Supposed to be a comedy, but it's just a pathetic struggling. Stolen jokes from great films adopted terribly and horrible musical scenes. It was the first case in my life when I left the cinema at the half of the movie. It does not even worth the time it took to see, not to mention the cost of the ticket.
the friend who lent me the DVD warned me, but it beat all my expectations of lowliness. this film is unspeakably bad. don't go and see it, take my word for it: * it has no plot. * the 'actors' suck huge rocks. really huge. * travolta doesn't even try. * the most elaborate dialog revolves around the sentence 'grumble mumble'. * special effects are the worst ever, because they pretend to be serious. * costumes and characterization make space: 1999 look excellent i could go on and on and on, but i'm beginning to feel sick just for having to think about it.
This movie has basically nothing to recommend it. The writers bear the heaviest burden for this dog. I'm generally a fan of Tim Curry, Darryl Hannah, and both the Movie and TV(original) "Addams Family "shows. This movie was an embarrassment to anything related to the "Addams Family" Tim Curry appears to have been pressed into a bad Raul Julia impersonation, rather than allowed to find his own style, Darryl Hannah and and the rest just don't seem to have been given anything to work with. And neither have you, the viewer. This movie reeks, but if you're reading this, you've probably already found that out to your sorrow.
The scant few teenagers who went to see "976-EVIL" in 1989 probably had no idea who Sandy Dennis was (just as the kids who first saw "Carrie" didn't know who Piper Laurie was), but the veteran actress manages to bring a few minutes of class to an otherwise lousy, fifth-rate screamer about a nerdy high school kid acquiring demonic powers from a satanic phone number. Amateurish mishmash, derivative and grimy, marked the directorial debut of Freddy Krueger himself, Robert Englund. Englund offers precious little originality, but he does let Dennis strut her stuff in an amusing, fanatical supporting bit heavily reminiscent of Piper Laurie's religious mama from "Carrie". * from ****
this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.this movie had no actual connection with the original script of hamlet.
Sometimes it's better to leave things alone. Whereas the original 48 Hours was a well written and acted version of the "buddy-cop" films, the sequel is uninspired and drawn out version of the first. The audience soon loses interest in the characters that they have come to watch. Murphy and Nolte do not add any depth or growth to the characters that once made them famous. It appears to be a film where the cast & crew walked through the motions of production and collected a hefty paycheck at the end. Unfortunately the audience discovers after paying the price of admission, that if you want another 48 Hours, watch the original.
Absurd adaptation of a dinner-theater perennial by Alec Coppel has television-writer Glenn Ford attempting to cover up a murder by burying the corpse underneath wife Debbie Reynolds' garden gazebo. This type of sitcom nonsense--featuring totally unreal supporting characters bursting into the scenario at just the wrong moment (such as the pushy real-estate agent)--doesn't usually work on film; the would-be eccentricities stick out as phony artifices. Comedy shows from television have since put a stamp on this kind of bungling silliness...but were over-the-top, frazzled-nerves-slapstick ever really fresh? Ford and Reynolds are actually a good screen match, but not when paired with this leaden script. Awkward, talky, and mercilessly unfunny. * from ****
I was excited to finally see the Russian view on this historical event. But what did I get? The story is a shallow version of a well documented epoch. In this story, that takes place in the 18th century in a war weary Europe, the Polish and Russian countryside are overcrowded by busty beauties, brutal and horny soldier of Charles XII and two french noblemen caught in the middle of two armies. It's beautiful filmed but... thats it. Stereotyped and full of clichés. The swedes got their asses kicked, but not in this way. Now and then I thought I was watching a danish soft-core comedy from the 70s.
SCREEEEEEEEEEEEECH!!!!! SLOW DOWN NOW!!!!! The trailers for this movie made it look like a suspensful mystery/thriller, but it sure as hell wasn't that. This film had the plot similar to that of a movie of the week, and that exactly what I felt like I was watching. When I think about it, there was no way to market this film, it just is so flat and un-interesting. Talent was wasted, so was money. This same movie could have been made for 3 million without doubt. It simply is trash, I was sucked in by previews promising a suspense ride. Cheap Hollywood trick to bring in the money, it is Hollywood trash.
I rented this movie from my public library along with Beverly Hills cop 1 and 2.The first two were really great and when I was about to put it in I had a thought of 'how bad could it be'.Well the first 10 minutes were good but then all the comedy and good acting got taken away.I only became excited once when they had George Lucas has a cameo so thats not really saying much. My suggestion is see the first two movies and dont ruin them by renting this god awful one. The bottom line is that it had a very bad plot,very bad acting,not enough comedy my rating 2/10.
This film is slow and boring and tries far too hard to be 'realistic'. The story of a guy obsessed with a girl and films her 24/7. Don't know about anyone else but I find no entertainment in watching someone sleep, brush their teeth, shower or do their housework; but whatever rocks your boat I guess. The film is mostly the main character, Ana doing everyday things viewed through something with the same resolution as a web cam. Watched for 5 minutes, fast forward, fast forward again, probably watched for 15 minutes total but feels like watched for 15 hours. Very little action, weak characters and the camera is irritating.
What the hell happened to Spongebob? The new animation SUCKS, his new voice SUCKS and the show just isn't funny anymore. SB's voice is high and whiny, and the way he's drawn now is just awful. The humor used to be dark, quirky and funny. Now, it just looks like they're going through the motions. It looks like the whole series has jumped the shark. There's just no passion left. I wonder if all the original writers and animators have simply left. Way to go, Nickelodeon, for ruining a once great show that I've enjoyed since the very beginning. I really, really hate you guys.
At the start, you think that this is going to be a Western with a sense of humor. The latter quickly gets replaced with lots of Peckinpaugh-like bloodshed with a few in-jokes and a smattering of very black humor. Kasdan's direction and writing is too clever by half, and his characters too one-note and wooden. Even Jeff Goldblum is robbed of any humorous affects. Kevin Costner started earning his "wooden" reputation on this one, and Berenger is relentless. The plotline is internally inconsistent. Only Linda Hunt provides this mess's saving graces with a magnificent turn as a Pirate-Jenny-of-the West. Overall, one of the most disappointing westerns I have ever sat through.
This movie is dreadfully unfunny. There are teeny bits of hah-hah in it, but they are utterly lost in the Antarctic wasteland that is "Farce of the Penguins". It is like one of those SNL sketches that may have been humorous for the first 60 seconds or so, but are dragged on and on until the audience is ready to throw pointy objects at the performers just to make them STOP already! Maybe - just maybe - if I time traveled back to my younger days and watched this movie with some herbal enhancements I no longer approve, it might have struck me as pretty funny. But I doubt it.
A young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father's work on limb regeneration.His overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes.A young doctor uses reptilian DNA he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later,he injects himself with his formula and grows a new murderous arm...Admittedly the special effects in "Severed Ties" are pretty good and grotesque,but the rest of the film is awful.The severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people.Big deal.The acting is mediocre and the climax is silly.3 out of 10.
From the beginning, it is obvious that the writer was a great fan of "Treasure Island". Just as obvious is that he has no talent. The story is plain painful. The execution, on the other hand, is probably worse. The cheapest animation (the original Toy Story looks better), coupled with directing compared to which Mr. Ed Wood would have deserved an Academy Award and editing that hardly deserves the name...this film doesn't even qualify as a waste of time, it's an atrocity against the viewer and the poor, defenseless computers it was rendered on. Literally watching paint dry is more enjoyable than this terrible edifice to the incompetence of untalented filmmakers.
A prime example of a poor film. Ignoring the story we are left with a film that lacks energy and drive. The characters are flat and lifeless and you are left hoping they all die. Rutger Hauer turns in a rare poor performance, was he ill at the time? He does not even do his own sword fight yet we know he is capable as seen in Blind Fury in fact he doesn't move much at all. Impossible to believe that someone put up money for the Tv series after seeing this, yet surely this is the first time that a TV show is better than the film that inspired it.
(Warning: I'm not fully bilingual, so please forgive me for my poor English vocabulary) This one was awful from start to finish! There was no notable action: the main characters were in a big investigation, full of dull dialogues, and the creature was just wandering around in the sewers doing some cheap kills once in a while, nothing too original, entertaining or gory. Not absolutely painful, just plain boring. If you want to see something a little better with the same creature, try Syngenor instead. I'm a big fan of the genre, especially the "so bad it's good" sub-genre, but this one is definitely not in that league. Avoid.
Of course, I'm saying that lightly. It's actually not that bad, but it could have been better. What they do need to work on is the accessibility of this movie to others. Watched the DVD and it's the most basic dvd out there. No menu (couldn't believe that one) Standard screen no subtitles no extra's of any kind. Basically, if you find it on dvd, it's one step better than vhs, but unless you collect on a actor bases only, it's a rental only. 4/10 ps: even in this case, the dvd is better than vhs because it'll never get screwed like tapes will. Although if you smash it.. oopsy.
Sorry, but as an Argentinian woman, I can't stop saying that this movie was so bad for me. Like her other movie "La ciénaga", Lucrecia Martel continues without saying anything to me clearly, when I was trying to understand this movie, it ended!!! I don't understand anything of it, and I wasn't the only. What happened with Dr.Jano and Helena?? What it is means the two girls in the swimming pool at the end?? Sorry,maybe this kind of movie is for high level mind or something, but I think that I am intelligent, I like European movies a lot, and Argentinian movies are similar to them,but this movie specially sucks! 0/0
Check that lame-o-meter. Donald Pleasence is Axel MacGregor, a world renowned writer, test pilot, big game hunter and writer. MacGregor has a lop-sided sense of machismo and his ego has been threatened by a black leopard who attacked him on safari. He has the animal captured alive with the intent to let the beast loose on his private Southeast-Asian island paradise in order to track it down and claim superiority with a high powered rifle. Meanwhile his daughter and granddaughter make an unannounced visit. MacGregor will have more than enough to deal with...right down to his last bullet. The supporting cast includes: Nancy Kwan, Lesly Fine, Ross Hagen and Jennifer Rhodes.
They've got this awesome cast list, you'd think it was an ER convention. It does have a few laughs. But this movie is worse than Battlefield Earth. Spoilers? It doesn't know whether it's a comedy or an action film. THe trailer treats it as a comedy. But the movie is clearly a fake action film. People die faster than a speeding bullit. 90% of the movie is not funny. The premise is interesting, and with a better script writer it may have been something. But alas, we are left with a movie that even Eddie Murphy won't talk about. 4/10 Quality: 2/10 Entertainment: 6/10 Replayable: 3/10
So I went to Wal-Mart to pick out some zombie movies, the cover looked great (something like Shawn of the Dead ha ) bought it and my siblings and I watched it....absolutely horse manure! i regret buying this horrific camera viewpoint movie i.e. "Cloverfield" style. There was nothing going for me during the beginning the film. Although once they entered a secluded house that's when tension/suspense started to come in but then it just died a couple minutes later. I like the idea of making realistic as possible but the acting and camera movement is very b-movie like. Dialogue very poorly scripted. Don't even bother renting it I promise you that.
Although I know that our well-known dinosaur superstar IS campy and cheap, this particular exploit really falls flat on its face. From the unexplained stills of constellations and stars to the ultra-cheap 70s "animation moments", this movie is filled with painful scenes and appalling execution. But, perhaps the worst part of the movie is the atrocious trumpet music that plays whenever Godzilla throws a temper tantrum. It did have some unintentional amusement, however, like when the huge mirror weapon powers down and the general (using very poorly dubbed lips) spouts "Dammit, why is everything going wrong today!?" out as fast as possible. All in all, this movie was a real stinker.
Even allowing for it's age, this film is basically a clunker. The plot is ridiculous, the script is dreadful, the acting dire and the special effects are laughable. Anyone who knows anything about computers will cringe at lines like "the new RISC architecture will change everything." "yeah, RISC is cool." or "it has a 28 point 8 bps modem" (even when 28.8 modems were state of the art, who called them 28 point 8 BPS modems?) If you are teenage boy and a fleeting glimpse of Angelina Jolie's nipples is the most exciting thing you can think of, watch this movie. Otherwise look elsewhere for your evening's entertainment.
Ever since Something Awful went from funny but financially unsound to lazy, unfunny, and bloated by the contributions of cliquish forum nerds desperate to join some "elitist" society of half a million other nerds, SA's contributions to mainstream wit have become crippled half-thoughts not worthy of attention. There's a reason there's an inordinate number of 10 votes, the forum goofs from Something Awful coming along and voting it up despite its lack of anything redeeming. The movie is as painfully unfunny and unintelligent as the front page and the forums, with as banal a "wit". Give this one a pass, as it'll just line Richard Kyanka's already fat pockets.
No spoilers here, because your experience is already spoiled from the moment you begin to watch the film. There can't be an accurate rating for this film because you can't measure a rating that low. This garbage was shot on video and is horrible, horrible, horrible. The acting, if you call it that was beyond painful, more painful than the so called pain that was inflicted on the hapless victims of the piranha. You could do better with your own video camera and friends that would work for free. Very amateur and very lame. Watch only if you must see this travesty for yourself. Rent the original "Piranha" instead. Check please.
Audacious, totally off-the-wall trash about architect Michael Caine, who is stuck in a hopeless, almost masochistic marriage with half-crazy Elizabeth Taylor, and begins an extramarital affair with Susannah York, who nonetheless has secrets of her own....Because of the movie's cast, and of the fact that you've probably never heard of it, you might think that it could be an undiscovered gem. Alas, this is not the case. We never even get a handle on the characters; any resemblance between the way these people talk and behave and the way REAL people talk and behave is strictly coincidental. York comes closer to portraying a recognizable human being, but not close enough. (**)
This show is so boring. The actors are bad, the jokes are not funny and the plots are plain stupid. Is it just me, or does this family learn a valuable lesson every day. Crap! I don't know why nickelodeon aired this, it is one of the worst shows I have seen!!! I'm glad this show is not on anymore, cause my sister used to watch it and me and my dad just there laughing at how crap it is! I don't understand why people would like this, it is a total rip off of malcom in the middle! Brothers Garcia, i hate you! Rating - 0/0!
The special effects again are superb but this is Finding Nemo in reverse i.e the parents get taken away and Pi (Nemo) is left behind, if you haven't seen Finding Nemo you will like it. It becomes very clear at the beginning of the film what the plot is and takes a long time to reach the end! There's is nothing new or nail biting in this one and there is no humour at all, which is very disappointing. All in all very disappointing as a follow up movie to Shark Tale which there really are no similarities with it should have been called Finding Nemo 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really loved the first seasons of the Simpsons, but I think their humour is not fresh anymore. This episode is another proof. The magic that The Simpsons had was trasfering into scene simple situations of the everyday life but in a funny way. The new chapters are about extravagant situations which make no sense at all. The Ronaldo dialogue is annoying, the chapter has a lot of emphasis on a boring online game. Then we have the typical opinions of the writers about various subjects like Christopher Colombus discovery being insignificant or football making whole continents insane, those are also quite annoying, specially because of the emphasis they are given.
This film is the worst film of the year so far. The whole film seems rather disjointed and is unbelievably dull. It consists of bad written script and broken storyline, poor soundtrack, too many bad quality special effects, humble acting. I have read the book after watching a movie and got some clues about the original plot. Book is excellent, but it does not make a film better. I guess film only was based on the book, and truly fails to deliver any storyline. I would say most of you could skip "Nochnoj dozor" and save your time and money. So Bad It Hurts!
This is definitely one of the worst movies I've seen so far this year. Lori Petty = bad movie. I think Lori ruined the movie for me most of all with her whiny voice and annoying mannerisms. Every scene with her made me want to turn the movie off. I think what annoys me most is that she acts the same way in every movie she's in. As a female musician myself, I was disappointed with the music. I didn't feel that it "rocked" at all. So the bad music + Lori Petty = super bad movie. Gina's great, but not even she could save this one.
Nice promotional movie for the marine corps. However, it lacks depth. The characters are too superficial. I don't really get the point of this flick, it comes across as a promo for the army. It would've been nice to know more about the background of the characters, especially the women-recruits. I was kinda disappointed about that. Some parts were downright embarrassing. Everyone made it through the training, except the runaway. That's not realistic. No actor exceeded their (hopelessly)stereotypical character. The ending was a cheap shot and way WAY cliché. For would-be or wannabe soldiers it might be a nice movie, though. Personally, I'd go for Full Metal Jacket or Biloxi Blues.
I could NOT WAIT till this movie was released!! Now, I wish I could take back my 3 hours wasted at the sneak preview last night! HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT! I was ready for a suspenseful thriller & received nothing but a huge joke. :-( Want a suspense thriller? Than I suggest you watch the Previews for this movie, since I do believe they used them all in there. The rest of the movie was filled with a JOKE. You could not resist laughing at how stupid it was. I am glad this was a Free Sneak Preview, otherwise I would have demanded a ticket refund for this Falsely Advertised movie.
Nobody likes a bad movie, but sometimes you come across one that is so extremely bad it actually becomes enjoyable. This is the case with Camp Slaughter. Director Martin Munthe's idea of paying homage to his favorite slasher films (Friday the 13th) is by making one that is even worse. The so called effects were outdated even twenty years ago, and the story is a joke. However, you may not notice this since you are so busy laughing at the actors. Not only do they read their lines in the worst form of Swenglish, there's also an embarrassing lack of devotion and experience. You just have to watch this.
Ring0 is haunting and beautiful. It's definatly the most seriously dramatic and passionate of the ring films. Saadako is represented as a person here with a dark side. But also a wanting side that wants to be forgiven and accepted and most importantly loved for her uncontrollable actions. Their are strong performances and the a vivid and secret spouting storyline that makes you look at each film completely different. In an age of mindless sequels Ring 0 is a perfect film. It balances horror with beauty and love with hate. The film is as much a tear jerker as a screamer. And the true story of what happened will stay with you!
Sadler's "Swimmers" portrays a waterman's family in crisis as a result of his daughter's need for ear surgery. The film provides a glimpse into the Tyler family's upheaval as they search for a financial solution for the necessary surgery. The water scenes were beautifully constructed and gave the viewer a look at the beauty of the Chesapeake Bay area. The sub-plots intricately weave together to bring about the conclusion to this thoroughly enjoyable and brilliant piece of work. I loved the film and found each character well cast. Most importantly, it provides real insight into the plight of the watermen and their diminishing way of life. Highly recommended! "Swimmers" is a keeper!"
Swimmers is a wonderful film. The story really pulls you in and is very touching. The audience is able to identify with many of the characters since common human strengths and faults are expressed in this film. The acting is superb; the watermen characters are right on. Emma is an endearing character and made me teary-eyed throughout the movie. The friendship between Emma and Meryl is as believable as it is sweet. Anyone from a small town will be able to identify with the story of Swimmers. Other parts of this film that I really enjoyed were the scenes of the water. The shots of the water and the boats were beautiful.
"Swimmers" is an endearing movie. You can sympathize with the characters and understand their pain. I thought that it would be a "regional" movie but it really speaks to people everywhere. The lighting and sound are amazing. I didn't want the movie to end...I wanted to follow the family and their story. Even the dad who definitely had his faults, was a person you could relate to. I hope that this movie goes worldwide as everyone should see it and enjoy it! Doug has written a powerful story about love and anguish in a family and how they deal with their emotions. I'd like to see a sequel involving the "troubled" teen.
Bette appears as a spoiled young Southern beauty who likes to play with men to tickle her ego. But as the trauma of a Yellow Fever epidemic sweeps through 1852 New Orleans, she finds that playing with men can be deadly. Henry Fonda plays a rather priggish young banker who finally runs out of patience with his wayward fiancée. His high ideals are set boldly against Bette's rebellious act of wearing a vile crimson dress to the Memphis Ball. Young ladies always wear virginal white until marriage, Bette is told, to which she nearly replies a la Scarlett O'Hara: Fiddle dee dee! Gorgeous gowns, great acting and full-stop melodramatic fun.
First viewed this film when it came out. This is an excellent film for the amount of excitement it brings to the viewer. Sure, there are some mistakes in it, such as the weapons used, but that should not detract from the overall excellent story line (which is much like "Objective Burma", another excellent film). I believe that it was one of Gary Cooper's finest roles. Fit right in with his overall "homespun" personality. Like all films from this era (1950s) it portrayed the American Indian as the villain. History of the Seminole Wars shows just the opposite. But, if one can put that aside, then this is a highly enjoyable movie.
This is another of these films that a friend thought was great, so I went out and rented it, expecting more than what was delivered. It's certainly not what it's lived up to be, by either my friend or by critics in general. Frank Sinatra and Sterling Hayden were fairly interesting, and it was refreshing to see a patriotic line or two, but that was about it. The story had NO credibility! It was just so unrealistic it was embarrassing and insulting to watch, with very dated dialog. At least it was a short film. They didn't go overboard in dragging it out and making it even more talky and hokey.
Go see the movie. Bruce Willis and Mos def will latch onto through this crazy ride of corruption and mayhem. The story is gripping and at times heartwarming. The villains are truly evil, and I found myself wanting to kick the snot out of them sometimes. Jack Mosley (Bruce) is a stunning character that is willing to go all the way to do the right thing. Eddie (Mos) is just a guy with a speech impediment that was at the wrong place at the wrong time, and saw the wrong things. Jack and Eddie have to work together to survive the longest 16 blocks ever. See this movie!
Melies had a sense of playfulness about his films, and this is one of the more amusing ones: Melies takes a head -- which is Melies' head, attaches it to some bellows, and blows it up like a balloon. True, there's no deep thought involved, but there needn't be. It's less than a minute and easily sustains the one joke. Melies was inventing techniques as he went along, borrowing from other media, just as D.W. Griffith shortly would. There is an exuberance in seeing something done for the first time that is sorely lacking in later uses of the same editing effect. I suppose it's because Melies was having fun himself.
it is mind-boggling to see this short. It reminds me a little of michel gondry's video for "let forever be" by the chemical brothers. I feel reluctant making this comparison though, in a way, because it is evident that this piece of animation must have taken thousands of hours to produce. i love it. the rendering alone shows a mastery of this obscure medium, pinscreen animation. I still have not been able to find a clip of this piece anywhere on the internet. I saw it on TV on a channel in new york called fine arts showcase. If anyone knows where I could view it again, please post.
I love the book, Master and Margarita by Michail Bulgakov, and I was pleased to see that this series did not spoil the spirit of the book. The actors are brilliant. Anna Kovalchuk performed very well. The part of Margarita is a very difficult to play. Vladimir Bortko again showed himself as a very talented director. Everybody expected a lot from him after his last brilliant work on the Idiot by Dostoevsky (his previous miniseries). What I did not particularly like was the cat, Begemot. I wish they could do better. The same could be said about some of the special effects which looked very primitive. But, in general, very good job!
I went into this movie thinking it would be hilarious. I believe this is how the movie was marketed, and would explain the poor box office showing of this movie. However, this is more a story about life than a comedy. Sure it has a comedy wrapper, but a wrapper is usually thin and inedible compared to the candy inside. This is not your typical candy, but it is fruitful in many ways. This movie is a fabric, not a two dimensional piece of characatured tissue paper as the many signs would have you believe. This movie is for deep thinking people and those with a heart. See it.
When I first saw Victoria Hamilton in the trailers, I thought, 'she's not a good likeness', but having seen the first episode, I can only praise the wonderful acting and superb script. I, for one, (while reasonably coversant with history), have never thought about her early years on the throne, and the difficulty as a teenage monarch, of dealing with Mum and Parliament! Mentally, I was constantly comparing her situation with that other teenage female queen, Lady Jane Grey. Victoria as portrayed, is an engaging and thoroughly likable person, very much a child coming into adulthood, and thus a fascinating comparison to the standard historical perspective that we have grown up with.
Blood Lake (1987) C-90 min. D: Tim Boggs. Doug Barry, Angela Darter, Mike Kaufman, Travis Krasser, Tiny Frazier, Andrea Adams. This has to be the most hilariously awful movie I have ever seen, and clearly the worst slasher film ever. A chunky killer begins murdering teenagers in a secluded house on the lake. Why? Who cares? Features probably the worst acting of any film in recent memory. Also features several long scenes in which nothing happens (such as the card playing scene). And what the hell is with that ending? RATING: 1 out of 10 (ONLY because you can't have 0 out of 10). Rated R for graphic violence and strong language.
Rated E(Contains Violence) Released in 1988 Double Dragon is one of the first side-scrolling beat-em up fighting games.Sort of like Final Fight.In my opinion this is one of the best games released for the NES.For 1988 it was almost flawless. The graphics were fairly good for its time and the gameplay was fun and simple.Double Dragon is a nice fun fighting game.You can fight using your fists and legs or you could use various weapons that you can find.This is one of the first of many side-scrolling fighting games to come.Double Dragon is a fun and good NES game.One of the best NES games in my opinion. 9/10
This is absolutely one of the worst movies ever made. And contrary to another comment on the movie, having lived in Southern Cal during this period and being the age that this movie was aimed at, it was meant to be taken seriously for the disco crowd that was running rampant just prior to and during its release period. The acting is horrible, the milieu it represents is horrible, the writing is horrible, and the premise is horrible. Let me say that a LOT of people went to see this film upon it's release--the superficial, appearance oriented, self-centered disco freaks. Pure commercial slop intended to capitalize upon a temporary and silly craze.
Holy shyte, my, my, my. this episode is amazing. I remember it being good... but... DAMN! They pushed the envelope once again. It's probably the darkest episode of the show besides 'Home', or at least in the top 3. Man, o', man! What's not to love? We had a snake eating up a guy, a girl cutting her wrists, piggies, cults, executions, satanic rituals. My, it's like going to the circus! I loved Miss what's-her-name. Seriously creepy and evil. An incarnation of Satan. Satan's very cool. I should really think about getting my own cult. Like I said, dark, well written, creepy as hell. ***** freggin' stars.
How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days was the perfect Valentine's Day flick to check out. It was better than your average chick flick and topped common titles: Sweet Home Alabama and Maid in Manhattan. How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days was more of a comedy than a romance. It lacked the "mushy-wushy" and was funnier than I imagined it would be. I was laughing out loud during some lines in the theatre and Kate Hudson performed remarkably. Matthew McConnaghey also did well and was just as excellent in The Wedding Planner (with Jennifer Lopez). Therefore, How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days isn't just another chick flick.
This is a grainy, sun-drenched, hippy farce. An examination of whether married relationships can withstand/be improved by free love - it seems almost a parody of itself, showing how a bunch of rich LA types have jumped on the peace and love bandwagon and are riding it out of existence. Like all revolutions though, it had become (main)streamlined by movies like this, and as such was about to burn out. It's 1969 and the end of the line for the hippy ideal. So this movie accurately depicts where the movement had gotten to (but is this intentional?). The film itself is a dreamy, bizarre, occasionally amusing, often boring, sex farce.
The acting ensemble here is totally wasted. They walk through. I've never seen a really bad performance from Patrick Stewart until tonight, and while it's possible he was doing what was asked of him - the result is something between a train wreck and paint drying. The special effects are worse than can be believed in this day (I do better on my laptop, and I'm NOT a pro!). Certainly not as good as Harryhousen's version. Though certainly truer to Verne's book than previous versions I've seen, it's really not worth watching for three hours, even on 'free' TV. It might be good when edited to a 90 minute special.
A drama about the working poor in London highlighting the kinds of problems a lot of people with limited resources face, such as alcoholism, obesity, and teen pregnancies. It takes the viewer down a pretty dismal path but does so in powerful and touching scenes. Timothy Spall, as the taxi driver and father of two overweight adult children, is a complete natural in his performance, looking like he's beaten down, but inside carrying a lot of human warmth that just needs an opportunity to show itself. The film has plenty of drama and courage, giving us the unglamorous characters with the kind of lives that would challenge anyone to locate the positive.
Excellent! Some of the scenes/dialogue in this film are side-splitting! They are so ridiculous, pathetic and stupid - that it's comedy genius! - The 'Boss' trying to get the the gangs attention at a meeting ("Will ye shut-up and geez yer attention!"); one of the gang members is arguing with a young girl who's hanging up her washing ("Where's Australia?"); The Baker/Van Driver in the baker's shop picking up his order ("Cream Puffs?" - "Twelve." ...) etc. The film doesn't paint a very nice picture of Glasgow (dull, drab, raining), but the characters are full of colour. I 'think' the film wains a bit towards the end, but it's still brilliant viewing!!
When I saw this film at The Grove with my parents, I was truly disappointed at this film. I loved the whole Scary Movie Trilogy, but why this!? Shaq couldn't act, I didn't laugh at any part except the part of the president showing his ass to the nation. The theme wasn't funny at all, the Brokeback Mountain scenes weren't even clever or FUNNY, mostly any scene the writers wrote weren't funny. So why making this movie??? I don't understand why New Line Cinema would buy the script. However, don't even bother seeing this movie. Go rent Happy Gilmore or Meet the Fockers, but don't waste your money buying/borrowing this mediocre film.
Kathy Griffin is without doubt one of the best stand-up comedians of all time. She's hilarious! Her observations on life, politics and celebrity culture in particular are always dead on, witty and ultimately thought-provoking. She is unafraid to share her experiences no matter who she offends in the process and it is this honesty that makes her so funny. Allegedly is one of her many specials and as they are all excellent, I cannot choose a favourite. However, needless to say, if you love Kathy or comedy in general, you will not be disappointed! You'll be quoting her as soon as the show is over, if not during it! She is awesome!
For all the big names in this film, it is truly pathetic. Shallow, cartoonish bad guys, and one-dimensional characters throughout. I can't believe this one was ever released theatrically, nor why it is being shown on TBS now. Back in 1989 some of the now-big name actors like Ben Stiller were just getting started, but others should have turned this one down, like Liam Neeson. His casting as a backwoods hillbilly out for vengeance in the big city of Chicago may be the worst casting I can remember. Patrick Swayze does his usual pathetic job of trying to be tough and sensitive at the same time, and again I am unimpressed.
This movie fails on many levels. The plot is non-sensical, the heroes aren't heroic, the humor is humorless, nothing is really explained. Maybe it's a Chinese thing, but the dead becoming zombies becoming vampires? Vampires that suck blood like a Hoover? Why can't wax zombies move their legs independently? The "Vampire Hunters" seem to be only "Vampire Finders" as they run away whenever confronted! Parts of the movie look like poor send ups of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" video. I am glad I am part of a movie club and didn't pay good money to rent this. Save yourself some time and aggravation and put this back on the shelf and move on.
A child's point of view is a nice way of seeing ugly and distant political and social facts. Julie Gravas updates the style of her father for a new age, treating austerely political repression and social innovation which served the interest of many at the cost of harming most. Those who lived in those modern dark ages, in countries like Brazil, Chile , Argentina, Uruguai, Greece, Spain, Portugal, and several others, which are now democracies, will have a new look through the eyes (with a biographical touch) a lovely young girl and her little brother. Sometimes funny, other times dramatic, even tragic, but throughout well-conducted and subtly inspired. Not to be missed.
I saw this movie at the Riverside Film Festival and was shocked to find out it has not been released nationwide because it was not picked up by the big studios for distribution. They (the Hollywood types) are so out of touch as far as knowing what the average movie-goer is looking for - they made a big mistake passing on this movie. It's a wonderful film and had a little of everything (with the exception of graphic violence and sex!)- action, suspense, romance, intrigue, etc. I found myself laughing, crying, cheering, clapping, and enjoying the roller-coaster ride of emotions to the very end. It's definitely a must-see for every age group.
great movie,great music and fantastic direction.it is not possible for any directors to direct such a story with heart touching scenes.even the one who hates love will have a thought of doing love if he/she watches this movie.it is very hard for everyone to believe that this is the first movie for both hero and heroine.they played such an attracting role.songs like "OH PRIYA","OM NAMAGA",OH PAPA LAALI" make to watch this movie repeatedly.the movie's story is simple but the way of direction and cinematography makes us to love this movie.this is one of the biggest hit for the director in all major languages in India.definitely a must watch movie for all ages.
W. Somerset Maugham's torrid tale in grainy black and white and evocative of the early 30's. Joan Crawford is Miss Sadie Thompson, a "fallen woman" temporally stranded in the rain on the island of Pango Pango with a group of Marines and a fire and brimstone missionary(Walter Huston)and his wife(Beulah Bondi). The puritanical preacher's wife is very irritated with the trashy Sadie, but the staid Reverend Davidson(Huston)finally gives up on the religious babel and a heart-to-heart almost reforms sexy Sadie. Provocatively the missionary is found face down in the sea. This oft-told tale is worth watching. Directed by Lewis Milestone and also starring: Guy Kirbee, Ben Hendirk's Jr and William Gargan.
Mice Hubie and Bertie, tired of eating cheese all day, wish to end it all by suicide via Claude Cat eating them. But Claude doesn't want to eat another mouse as long as he lives and the prospect wants him want to attempt suicide via a dog eating him. The dog is reasonable perplexed & a little bit scared in this very funny cartoon. The last of the six shorts that Hubie and Bertie starred in and probably for the best as where do you go after the insanity of this?? This animated short can be seen on Disc 2 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2. My Grade: B+
Although he seemed to be somewhat disappointed by his movie, and from what I gather so did most of the reviewers and audiences, I found this to be one of Kevin's better movies. Maybe it was because I saw this one after I had already seen Dogma and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, but now I got some of those great "in-jokes" that were included in those movies. Of course the running gags and themes that present themselves from one movie to the next make this a real gem. Anyone who doesn't appreciate these films and this writer and director needs serious therapy....And no, I am not related to the guy....
Buddies is a great movie set in Emerald, Queensland, Australia. Mike and Johnny are two mates who are mining sapphires in Emerald. Another bloke is trying to move in on their claim and things get ugly, but not before there are a few laughs and punch-ups. A good piece of Australian film making that should have done better than it did. Similar sort of movie to "Last Of The Knucklemen", another Australian movie that is worth seeing. It is a shame that "Buddies" never made it to video or DVD. If you can get hold of a copy of this movie, sit down to watch an enjoyable film.
The Red Violin is a fantastic, passionate, romantic journey across time and space. It is a must see for anyone who appreciates music. The film is easily one of my favorites, it features incredibly beautiful scenery, a passionate story, and fantastic performances by all actors. The story is quite dismal throughout, but is one of the best modern day tragedies I have seen in a long time. I applaud Monsieur Girard for his creativity and skill in this film, and I highly suggest any other production of M. Girard (Specifically 'Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould', a film about an eccentric Canadian pianist, definitely one of the greatest genius' of our time).
Okay, I can certainly admit that the plot isn't original, and that things get predictable on more than a few occasions, but I still thought that this was a great movie. I tend to enjoy movies with truly hateful characters, and I thought that Jessica Lange played her part wonderfully. Paltrow and Foch also were effective in their roles. Yes, some scenes are melodramatic, and some are even hard to believe, but that's not always a bad thing. This type of movie is supposed to be a little over the top, after all. So, even though this movie takes us through some familiar territory, I still thought it was a lovely ride.
It's been 30 years since I saw this film, and most of what I recall about it is that I loved it, as a 10-year-old watching at 4 a.m. I distantly recall a tale of bringing life back with a dark, brooding sinister Karloff obsessed with a purpose. There was of course, a young couple in danger. I recall dark sets, with much of the action in a dark room, or maybe it was even a cave. As I mentioned, it's been a long time. I wish I could recall more, and find this film gem. Does anyone know if a DVD or video company sells this classic of the genre?
After seeing Swimming Pool (my first Ozonic experience - his first American-language movie), all of his previous films and now this one, I've come to the conclusion that Francois Ozon is a truly brilliant filmmaker, someone who is capable of foraging deep, DEEP under the surface of things - as only a Scorpio can - to convey what is nearly non-conveyable in films: psychological state and motivation. Charlotte Rampling is superb in Swimming Pool, and in Sous Le Sable (Under the Sand), she creates one of the most stunningly subtle and heartbreaking portraits of grief that I've ever experienced; this film is profoundly sad, a brilliantly accomplished, astoundingly mature piece of work.
Decided to view this film simple because of the title and I was probably thinking about Lon Chaney and his many faces of Horror. Well, this film was a horrible mess and a big Horror to watch. I will have to say that Dana Carvey,(Pistachio Disguisey),"The Shot",'96 did a great job of acting crazy and I am sure it was not easy to follow the script. Jennifer Esposito,(Jennifer Baker),"Crash",'04, was rather cute and very attractive and gave a good supporting role. Last but not least, James Brolin,(Fabbrizio Disguisey),"A Guy Thing",'03, added his talents to this picture, but I began to wonder if Barbra Streisand enjoyed this film and her husband's performance. WOW
I had a chance to see a screening of the movie in Atlanta. It was a very powerful piece. Although it definitely has a religious theme, it is rooted in secular life. . The film does not sugarcoat the issues that the characters go through, but it depicts the issues in a tasteful,non-vulgar way that really hits home. There wasn't a dry eye in the house. There were even some counselors on hand to help people deal with the personal impact of the film. Kimberly Elise was outstanding. She is definitely a star on the rise... . I think has the potential be the modern-age version of The Passion of The Christ.
This is simply a masterpiece. There is a fantastic story line, there is just enough of the whole one dimensional character aspect to so many of the baddies here, but wonderful explorations of De Niro's and Grodin's characters. Truly, the film explores right and wrong and comes up on the side of the Angels. Angels with dirty faces maybe, but Angels nonetheless. No commentary on this film could be complete without remarking upon De Niro's incredible comic role. I haven't been moved by any of his comic turns since... indeed upon reflection, could it not be suggested that Raging Bull was in essence, high class comedy? Never mind... a piece of magic.
A wonderful cast of superb actors playing a wonderful cast of outrageous characters. Exotic locale. Lots of laughs. Great lines. ("If there are two things I hate it's heat and heathens.) Ustinov gives a somewhat harder spin to Christie's Poirot than Suchet but he's just as wonderful. Angela Lansbury should have had the Oscar for best supporting actress that year for her tipsy, dipsy authoress. Maggie Smith is her usual incredible self. The great and always fascinating Bette Davis. And the wonderfully synchophantic "manager" of the steamer. All this with exotic locations, superb camera work and well paced suspense. Not too often I vote a ten. On this one I did. Bravo!
Quite simply put, one of the worst films I have ever had the misfortune to see. The "comedy" centers around the wacky misadventures of insane vigilante Dan Aykroyd and his next-door neighbor/World War II Nazi monster Jack Lemmon. Ha. Ha. Avoid at all costs, especially to escape the horror of the most uncomfortable simulated sex scene ever captured on film (a truly horrific extended sequence between Lily Tomlin (!) and Aykroyd). The only humor provided in the entire movie is by Bonnie Hunt, via one funny line which I believe she improvised (see IMDb quotes). Trust me: you absolutely want to get as far away from "Getting Away with Murder" as possible.
Yes, this film is quite awful which, I am afraid, is ultimately the director's fault. It does not help that the story is very thin and the action almost awkward. However, this Dan Andersen intrigues me -- not just the great body but also the vulnerable giant quality. He seems to have a bit of an accent. What is it? Danish, like the name Andersen? His acting makes fellow beefcake Vin Diesel look like Lawrence Olivier? Nonetheless, to a certain point acting is a skill that can be worked on. Any information on Dan Andersen would be appreciated. Usually thorough IMDb has nothing on him. Even Google can't find him.
One of the best things about this film is that, unlike many of the Warhol-superstar documentaries, the subject is still alive and participates by actually being interviewed (instead of just archival footage). It is a fascinating, funny, educational, and even touching portrait of one of the lesser known but most fabulous personalities to emerge from the New York scene. In addition to the interviews with Brigid herself, there are some other great current interviews plus the requisite archival footage. I have added this to my collection along with the better known documentaries on Edie, Nico, and of course Warhol himself, plus some of the original films (such as Chelsea Girls).
Don't get me wrong, I love Michelle Pfeiffer very much, but this is just a bad movie. The story is about this man, played (badly) by Peter Gallegher, and his teenage daughter, played by Claire Danes, and the mother of the girl who's dead. Michelle Pfeiffer is the dead mother. Peter Gallegher can't let her go, so he fantasise that she's still there, and goes to the beach to talk with her all the time.Then family comes to visit, and they find out that Peter Gallegher is a mental case. But it all ends with a happy, crappy, ending. This movie is a total waist of time. We've seen it all before.
Call it the Arctic Documentary, meets Alive!, meets Jurassic 'Horror' Park. I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival and enjoyed from beginning to end, rather unexpectedly with really good results. This movie is about an oil research team in the remote reaches of the Alaskan Arctic, trying to see just how feasible oil drilling is, weighing the environmental unknowns against the corporate needs to secure 'energy independence'. Then as this clash intensifies, the human stakes start to rise out against the bleakness of the landscape. Real, dramatic, yet occasionally intense, against a bleak landscape, the realness of this story shone through. This was my kind of movie.
It is set up in Northern Alaska with a crew that is supposed to be stalked by a unseen evil. After paying $10.00 for this movie and then setting and watching it for a 101 minutes, I ended up wasting money and time. This movie was awful I kept waiting and waiting for a scare or anything but it didn't deliver. When it finally tried to deliver it was if they were haunted by ghost moose???? You have to be kidding me. The special effects were even awful, they could have did a better job by far. Please do not waste your time or money on this movie.
I'll second all other comment-writers who point out the witty humor and Errol Flynn's still nimble swashbuckling at 38 in this very entertaining film, but I'd also like to point out another feature of Errol Flynn's performance (also applicable to many other of his films): He is also good at delivering more serious lines in exchanges with the villains (in a very believable, underplayed manner) and, for that part, more sincere dialogue with the beautiful ladies. I think this is an often overlooked part of Errol Flynn's charm and why many of his films, although light in subject, make for truly timeless pieces, just like The Adventures of Don Juan.
Just like the first, this little movie is still just as cute, and remains as a great piece of entertainment for children, even if it is straight-to-TV material. From the acting to the story, all is adequate for the kind of end result those behind the scenes were imagining. There's a lot less "scary images" than the first, and a lot more mystery to intrigue your 11-year-old child. From the slapstick to the one-liners, the comedy will work nicely as well. All in all, I highly recommend a family to watch this in October. It's completely harmless and innocent, and its targeted audience is sure to find entertainment in it.
It's a great Irish movie and you can actually understand what they are saying. The seals in the movie were mysterious and cute. It's a movie about one of those moments in life where life is stranger than fiction. But totally believable. :) The characters are not over done, the story is pretty simple and would be a great film for anyone of any age to see. The main heroine is a young girl who leaves to go live with her grandparents after her mother's death. She learns more about her family and the family stories. The family is originally from the island Roan Inish where the stories come from.
What a fine and refreshing movie. But there is more to it than this. It is a well-made film about a very common and credible situation. It shows us both sides of an ending affair and makes you feel sympathy for each character. Only two players, Salma Hayek and Russell Crowe, to play the game and carry the story to the end. They do well. The story doesn't go on straight. There are twists in the presentation, cuttings, slow-motion - movie-stills, split-screens, showing off a lot of the pinches of film-making. None of this ever going heavy. It all just fits in, and I like it. Enjoy it. I will again.
The oft-filmed Hope novel receives what is generally considered its best screen treatment. Colman is fine if a bit long in the tooth in the dual roles of a king and a look-alike commoner. Carroll makes a lovely princess. Massey looks ill-at-ease as the king's evil brother while Fairbanks seems to be having a ball playing Massey's rascally henchman. Astor, Smith, and Niven lend able support. Given the romantic buildup between Colman and Carroll, the denouement feels false and anti-climactic. Cromwell's direction tends to be stagy and melodramatic, but he is helped by Howe's fine cinematography and Newman's rousing score. What makes the Hope novel so worthy of being filmed so often?
This movie made me waste 1hour and something. It is a lousy movie and my opinion is that you shouldn't even be thinking of watching it. The screenplay sucks, the plot is like a big pile, adding stupid adventures. The movie tries to imitate the British action very sophisticated films like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels by an unexpected ending and by the plot twist in favor of the main characters, but they obviously fail.The actors aren't real and they don't do a very convincing interpretation. If you really don't have anything to do at home, don't watch this movie, go see Pirates of the Carribbean 2 for the second time.
This movie is at best a mediocre mini-series. It oftentimes leaves major holes in the plot. For instance, we never see William and Kate get married or have children, and suddenly they have a 12 year old son at St. Paul's. You never realize that many years have passed before Abel and Zaphia are divorced, but it only takes one scene for the movie to do it. Very few characters are really in line with how Archer's book portrays them. The only accurate portrayal in this movie was that of Davis Leroy. Fred Gywnn nailed that part the way Bob Vila nails studs together. Overall though, the film is a disappointing show.
Probably one of the finest action movies I've ever seen. Simultaneously the writing and directorial debut of the great Kevin Rapp, this is like a blockbuster action movie with a brain. Casting Micheal Baldoz as a veteran with a haunting past was a stroke of sheer genius. Perfectly offsetting Micheal Baldoz is Micheal Guerin, in what is probably the greatest role of his illustrious career. While the one brother is dark and brooding, the other is marked with a fiery temperament. However, both brothers share the same passion: Justice. Together they combine to save Alexandra, played by the beautiful and talented Monique Scott. A must-see for fans of action and drama alike!
A 1970's Australian angst-crash apocalyptic pre-"Mad Max" delight, highlighting the dangers of insularity and resistance to outsiders (even the U.S-style corporation cabriolet kids at the beginning) in the midst of economic low times. Starting Peter Weir's central theme of "closed" or alienated sections of society ( see later "Witness","Mosquito Coast", "Dead Poets Society", "The Truman Show"), the Parisiens resorting to darkly humourous lengths in protecting their perceived ideal pioneer township is handled in typical Weir dreamlike fashion. Weird cars (and you thought the new VW Beetle was different!), great eclectic soundtrack, an underlying sense of menace, and a key early movie in the creation of a recognisable Australian film movement.
This is a startling, disturbing and generally unpleasant tale of the darker side of the psyche. The cruelty and manipulation exhibited degraded both the giver and the receivers. Nevertheless, it was thoroughly convincing as a depiction of the few central characters and absorbing in its unremitting sadism. Although previous movies have begun with a similar premise, they have always ended with some form of justice or redemption. Not this movie, which somehow manages to become even more loathsome. The story is intriguing, the acting is convincing, the dialogue is intelligent, and the direction basic but apt. In all, although this was a thoroughly nasty movie, it was still quality. My vote 7/10
This video was given to me by a friend who knows that I look at film not merely as entertainment, but art as well. This project with its 40-odd 50 second vignettes done by a mix of directors of varying talents and celebrity, using an antiquated camera, gives an opportunity to see snapshots of their work as pure art. All of them are at least passable, with over half being very, very good. A few of them are truly outstanding, the most notable being Andre Konchalovsky's gem on life, death, temporality and nature. David Lynch's segment is a close second. I highly recommend this to any serious student of film as art.
This movie could have been very good, but comes up way short. Cheesy special effects and so-so acting. I could have looked past that if the story wasn't so lousy. If there was more of a background story, it would have been better. The plot centers around an evil Druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines. The movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything, it just keeps plodding on. Christopher Walken has a part, but it is completely senseless, as is most of the movie. This movie had potential, but it looks like some really bad made for TV movie. I would avoid this movie.
Like a previous reviewer, I saw this movie in theaters more than 30 years ago and not once since, and yet much of it I remember with amazing clarity. Eric Braeden is terrific--an understated and overlooked performance that should have made him a movie star. It's a Frankenstein movie, of course, but the idea of technology getting away from us---well, anyone who thinks we're out of the woods in that area is fooling herself. I wonder if a remake would be worthwhile. As is so often true of movies featuring computers, they are quickly outdated in terms of technology, and this can distract from the message of the film.
Part of a litany of late 60s films that recognized the potential power (and fear of things not understood) of the rapidly improving computer systems. Like HAL, Colossus one ups its creators. The use of "B" list actors and borrowing computer equipment that was old at the time doesn't really detract from the story. Watching the general public start to accept the rule of the computers, even to the point of wearing tee shirts similar to those bought at rock concerts with the symbol of the Colossus Programming Office on them, foreshadows stuff that actually is happening today. Dated, even when it was made, this movie is still good fun.
It was pleasant to attend a film that did not spew forth buckets of profanity and expletives. There were some pretty rough scenes that could disturb the youngest in the audience but the pleasant ending with a good moral message was uplifting. It did not dwell on the differences between evolution and creationism but delivered a nice message packaged in a well laid out package. It was hard to determine what background scenes were real locations. Shame, they looked like places I would love to visit. Even the vicious scenes were tame and free of gratuitous blood, guts, and gore. This is one that will end up in my home video collection.
I liked 'scandal sheet'(1953) and 'pickup on south street'(1953) so I took a chance on 'baron of arizona'(1950) with vincent price, whom I always enjoy.....based on a true story, this film is about one man's attempt to gain ownership of the whole state of arizona.. using forgery and deception, vincent price plays the evil slouch with great power as usual....the movie begins with his showing up unexpectedly at a stranger's door in a black cape and hat in a driving rain and thunderstorm...from there the tale unfolds with mob psychology playing a key role at the end...I enjoyed this film as much as my other vincent price favorite, 'the web'(1947)..
This film is presented as professionally as any block busters out of Hollywood. For being a short film it will keep you thinking about the subject and message for days after watching. I would recommend it to anyone who has ever agreed with the opinion of a "Womans Choice"! This film will provoke you to reconsider. Even though most of the actors have only been in a few films, you will wonder why they have not been cast more often. If you watch this film and are not challenged by its thought provoking message, you need to watch it again because you did not pay attention the first time.
An absolutely superb movie. The performances were believable without a doubt. Perhaps this is just coming from a male's perspective, but there is no-one in this movie you cannot relate to. Watch for similarities with "American Beauty", and, to a far lesser extent, "Cruel Intentions" and "American Pie". The cinematography is spectacular. Each scene's camera angle, lighting, et al, increase the mood tenfold. The ending is how all Hollywood movies should be. No wonder this one isn't. Issues with the amount of smoking and drinking they do, but then again, who didn't at that age? No gratuitous sex or violence, although rather large portions of both. Overall: ********/**
Too bad this didn't get picked up. The plot was pretty interesting, and they set up a lot of potential story lines from the first episode. It didn't seem like they felt at all bound by the Aquaman mythos from the comics, but that's fine with me. The guy playing Aquaman was so-so, but his gal-pal Eva was smokin' hot. She would have quickly become a real 'it' girl -- hopefully she still will. Heck, even the evil monsters were drop-dead gorgeous. I wish we could have seen where this show was headed. They put it up on iTunes, though, so maybe if there's enough outcry for it, they'll reconsider.
Great movie. It was absolutely delightful to see some of the most important places in our history and to listen to such great explanations. I specially liked when the little girl asked her mother for the meaning of some words that, even though we use a lot in every day conversation, almost no one knows its precise meaning. I understand the ending is a clear political (or civil) message to the audience, and i give de oliveira credit for being so brave, but i think he might have over-simplified the issue of terrorism. A word to the argentine film student who wrote that this movie was worthless: please drop out of school.
It was a good movie, with a great comedic story, and I can't see any flaws in it whatsoever. I've watched it a couple times through. There's no bad acting in it and it includes two of the best actors of that era--Rick Moranis and Joan Cusack. While I like Steve Martin and have seen many of his films, I can't say he's all that great of an actor, just kind of funny. In this one, however, he had a hard role to play, and he played it well, doing great voice-acting too. I can recommend this film to anyone who hasn't seen it. It's very enjoyable and funny. I like it.
I just saw this movie through the Los Angeles KCET Movies Series and it was absolutely fantastic! While the movie does contain a subtle political message, it is not meant to sway the audience in the illegal immigration debate. The story carries extraordinarily well with a subject as touchy as illegal immigration and cannot exist without it. Utilizing a theme of abandonment, the movie explores what it means to truly care for and cherish a loved one. With brilliant acting (Adrian Alonso is incredible!), fantastic direction, and a terrific screenplay, the movie is a wonderful, heartfelt journey that brings laughter, sadness, and a sincere sense of happiness into an enjoyable, movie-going experience.
The title suggests a comedy, but it's more like a fluffy drama about a woman who starts to become jealous when her husband lavishes too much attention on his secretary. It's fairly well done, but perhaps it would have worked better as a comedy. The cast is stellar. Gable is charming in typical role of the virile male who makes the ladies swoon. Loy is wonderful as the loving wife, a role she played often. Harlow is effectively subdued as the devoted secretary. Stewart, in only his fifth film, shows the screen persona that would soon carry him to super stardom. Unfortunately, all this star power is undermined by the mediocre script.
A real must see. This documentary lays down facts, figures, and themes regarding the state of the planet in a very accessible way. As a previous reviewer said, it is more "intense" than an Inconvenient Truth, but I hardly think any of the concepts presented are hard to take in - in fact, due to the number of interviews, the film manages to take the viewer through a range of issues regarding the state of the planet, without ever losing focus of its basic message - that we must do something NOW. A well put together soundtrack enhances the narrative. Well worth the watch. But god, we've really stuffed this planet up.
I liked the movie a lot because the two leads- Douglas and Paltrow look and are great. Douglas looks good for a middle age man, and I like the idea of his being married to a gorgeous young highly intelligent woman. Paltrow is young, very beautiful in a sexy sleek Audrey Hepburn way. The plot is kind of obvious, but the script and dialogue are good, and the movie pace is fine. Douglas and Harrison Ford are the two best male actors today. Maybe it is a little uncommon for a young, beautiful very wealthy woman to be married to an older man, but that doesn't affect my enjoyment of the movie.
Cary Grant stars in this film. Is there anything else that needs to be said? Grant plays the former husband of newspaper reporter Russell. It is of course a romantic comedy, but one that is hilarious even today. The chemistry and dialogue between Grant and Russell rings genuine. Besides the romance, and the comedy, is the commentary the film makes about newspaper reporting and reporters. The key to this film is listening. This is not a popcorn picture where you can make comments to your viewing companions. If you talk you'll miss half of the jokes. So keep quiet and enjoy. Also Grant makes references to himself in a typically funny scene.
Jack Scalia gets better with age..his acting skills always complement Jackie Collins ..Farrah and Melissa Gilbert were perfect casting ..the actors and friendship among the cast added to the story...My main interest in the movie was Jack Scalia, this movie proves that if given the right script his acting talents are enduring..More Jack Scalia in the future . PLEASE! Too many producers look to other countries for actors. Thank You Jackie Collins for giving us a chance to see more projects and actors otherwise not considered for romantic roles..JACK Scalia will still be sexy in his 80s.. Again, this movie was a wonderful escape and ended way to soon! Fondly! jsn
Wow - I really hope they publish all the seasons of Comedy Inc on DVD sometime in the future because I would really like to collect this classic comedy series. To all those that reported negative comments about this series - either most of the humour was over their head, or perhaps they are President Bush supporters because I really don't see how you cannot find this series extremely funny unless you do NOT have a sense of humour (quite possible with Bush supporters!) Anyway check it out and make up your own mind... great comedy in the tradition of Kids in the Hall and other great Canadian ensemble comedy series...
My TV guide gave this movie 3 ticks (out of 4) and described it as a "gritty police thriller". They should be sued! The ONLY reason i stayed watching was that I couldn't believe how truly awful this film is, from start to finish. There's no plot and all the characters are unrealistic. Even James Woods and Robert Webber never seemed like real cops. It doesn't fit into any 'genre', except terrible. The 1970s sexism and the Japanese-American character (playing a racial stereotype) are plain embarrassing. I'm sure that all the actors involved in this rubbish (particularly James Woods) must cringe at every mention of it. To be avoided at all costs.
This was a really bad movie. It uses every cliché ever known to man, the 'romance' was even less unbelievable than most bad movies, and it was completely militarily inaccurate. Case in point: Catherine Bell's character Lt. Cmdr Lisa Starks was referred to as "Lieutenant" by all other characters. And she answered the phone with "Lieutenant Stark". Uh hello. A Lt. Cmdr is always addressed as "Commander." You'd think that even without any sort of original story line that they would have at least tried to get the technical details right Don't bother seeing this one. U-571 is much better. And Stealth is much more entertaining even if its kinda cliché too.
By far, the best movie I have seen ever! Epic, original, spell-binding, deep, emotionally-nuanced, artsy, and simply human. The main characters evoke empathy from the very start. I guarantee there will be at least a single character you will be able to deeply relate to. If you are wondering whether to see this movie, don't! Go and see it now, you won't regret it. It is well worth the 6 hours you will spend watching!!! Beautiful footage shot in different parts of Europe superbly compements the time period over which the story takes place (40 years). It's great to see Italian movies finally make a come back in this big way.
I'm starting to like French action movies. This one reminded me a little bit in its feel of Kiss of the Dragon, minus the kung-fu. The colouring and mood of the film are dark and edgy, as are its characters. Jean Reno delivers a good time, as per usual. I will say that the plot twists to the point of nonsense, but it's still a good ride. The film also has a hint of an Islamophobic air, given the current geopolitical climate, but not to the point of being overt. In all, one of the best action films I've seen in a while, highly recommended within its genre.
Everyone should definitely watch this movie. It changed my life. It's a constant reminder to "make your life extraordinary," because often, we all get caught up in the daily routine of life and what "we're supposed to be doing" and we forget to live life to its fullest. This movie will make your inner-child come out. I would especially recommend it if you are into romanticism and authors such as Thoreau. The poetry exposed in Dead Poets Society is some of the greatest in history, so if you're a literature geek, you should also watch this movie. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 20.
"Rough Riders" is an excellent movie about the 1st Volunteer Cavalry a.k.a. the Rough Riders. The movie begins with the declaration of war and the efforts of Theodore Roosevelt to raise a cavalry regiment that will fight in Cuba. The period of training for the troopers is grueling but you learn much about the characters that will be featured. Most of the movie concerns the Rough Riders in combat, especially the famous charge at Kettle and SanJuan Hills. The fighting is quite exciting and authentic. The Spanish-American War may be regarded as an imperialistic war but the "Rough Riders" is well-acted and shows the human as well as propaganda side of warfare.
This is super Good!! Zachary David Alexander Efron is so cool!!! Even though he is kinda weird hair in Hsm3. Can't Wait for it this October!!!!YAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYa!!! YOu souled all watch it!!! Zac Efron Vanessa Hudgen Lucas Gabreel Ashely Tisdale Kenny Ortega Corbin Bleu They all DARN ＲＯＣＫ！！！ Heartbreak for High school musical!!! Wodnerful and free on Disney channel! The songs all rock!!!! It's really interesting. The songs are good. Really.I love the song Everyday and Bet on it and all that. Cool. Awesome!!!everyone should watch it with there family! HEHEHEHEHE. COol Awwesome. IM serious. Watch it. Cmon! Your still on your chair! stand up. Don't read anymore of this! Read it! CMON!!!!!
All of those who would like to see this series again should be aware that it is currently playing Monday through Friday on RTN: The Retro Television Netork. It's a small syndicated network a lot like TVLand. Most markets that have it are carrying it as a digital subfeed, so you will need a TV with a digital receiver or a digital converter box to see it. The network's website can be viewed at http://www.rtnville.com Note sure what else I can say to extend this to 10 lines, really. Just wanted to issue a "heads-up" since I see that there are some "Kate and Aliie" fans reading this site.
anyone who was associated with this abomination as well as anyone who enjoyed it is cordially invited to board the bus for Royal Oak, Michigan for an appointment with Dr. Kevorkian...can't really pinpoint whether it was sicker or stupider than anything i've ever seen...the cover of the film promises something that seems interesting...when you are subjected to the Chinese girl doing her art thing during the beginning credits, you know that's not going to happen...if i had any sense i'd have turned it off at that point...horrible script, poor excuses for acting and an overall mean-spirited attitude make this a candidate for the absolutely worst movie EVER...do yourself a favor...dodge this bullet...
I've always enjoyed Jim Carrey's films. But, somehow, I missed seeing "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective". Director Tom Shadyac does a wonderful job, and would go on to even greater success with Carrey in "Liar Liar" and "Bruce Almighty". Jack Bernstein's script (co-written with the star and the director) has some really brilliant gags, and is very bizarre. If the film has one flaw, it is the low energy level of the supporting cast compared to Carrey. While he bounces of the walls, the rest hardly have his level of talent. That's not too big of a complaint, however, in a classic comedy such as this one. 7.2 out of 10
Of course the previous versions are better, i have to agree with that. But even if it wasn't what i expected it to be, it still is a good movie. It's another genre that doesn't fit into a trilogy with the first 2 ones and yes it becomes a (lightweight) comedy at some moments but that doesn't mean its a bad movie. So i gave it a 7 in his kind, not comparing it with the previous movies of "the eye". For people who think comedy and thriller/horror in one movie is bad, then you certainly don't like this one and you don't like the American's "scary movie's" also. greetz
I didn't get it. It was a film I saw as a teenager and I remember how bad it was. It seems that everyone was enjoying an hedonistic lifestyle, the upshot being, however, that you ended up dying because of it. My lasting memory is of Richard Todd (what was he thinking) walking quite happily to the firing squad, just to impress the girl. Plan 9 from outer space might be a bad film, but this is so much worse. This will never have the cult following of Plan 9 and I hope, in a perverse sort of way, that this film gets deleted and is never seen again.
Kind of love sci-fi movie, this one is a must see for all ages. Lots of creative thinking that make this movie a wonderful experience for both adult and children. The story is great and the effects are excellent too. Too bad is that the inner part of the movie is not shown. The story should shown more on the body itself and not just a common red blood cells. Maybe the script/screen writer can expand it further by showing the audience how "brain" look like inside the head and human lung, heart, liver etc then it even worth too seen this movie as part of human entertainment. thumb up.
This is an updated "Fantastic Voyage" and interestingly done, I thought. Joe Dante directed a number of fun movies to watch. It's not the innocent Steven Spielberg "E.T."-like movie I expected because of the language and several sex jokes. In other words, this is not a kids' movie. Dennis Quaid stars and plays his usual cocky self. (He's mellowed in recent years.) Meg Ryan is her usual cute-but-of-little-substance self and Martin Short is just plain funny - the best guy in the movie. The film offers a good combination of humor and science-fiction suspense. It's a fun movie I would rate higher if it weren't so silly in spots.
When I saw this movie for the first time I wasn't Meg Ryan's fan yet. I think I watched it in one of this saturday morning tv session, I really liked, specially the cast. This wonderful girl, who I became fan later is really funny and totally different of the kind of characters she would became specialist later. Dennis Quaid is great, he is a very talented actor, but working with the woman he was going to marry is incomparable, there is a great chemistry between them. But the star of the movie is Martin Short, who is hilarious as the schizophrenic Jack. It's certainly the funniest science fiction movie ever made.
A total quasi plagiarist Rip-off of there is something about Mary. Once again the rich and privileged of Australia use fraudulently obtained tax payer funded government grants to make a mediocre film with louse monotone emotionless acting. How Americans can be impressed with the constant flow of rubbish from this oligarchy totally astounds me. Whilst there are many Talented Australian Actors and film Auteur's they never make it into the mainstream which has been hijacked by the rich. Obviously the American Film Industry has been totally conned into believing our mainstream people have talent which explains the constant stream of ever worsening quality of films these days.
Once again, Wes Anderson has created a film that has interesting and odd, including its character, script, and plot. He returns to familiar themes of family (mainly mending relationships with parents/children). The movie is not always easy to understand and the ending may leave some seeking more. There is character development, but there seem to be some holes and the plot seems to jump forward at times. But for those who can comprehend metaphors and tolerate ambiguity, viewers may leave the film satisfied. As usual, the movie's charm comes from its oddball characters, and script and thanks to the cinematographry and colors of India, it is a beautiful movie to watch.
The movie is not THAT good, but the manipulation of the average vote is ... not good. Add the votes, divide them by voters, that's it. The humor of this is not what I prefer at the age of 38, but back then ... It's 80s trash, it's fun. It's not better than a 5, but voters liked it much more than the " weighted average" tries to make you believe. I'd prefer to ban the "top 1000 voters" than anything else. Description of the movie? No, watch yourself. Recommendation? Not for old people. Not for young people. It's for the eighties' youth only.
John Amos plays a luckless coach who bombs out at football, baseball, basketball--but during a trip to Africa he discovers a Tarzan-like athlete (Jan-Michael Vincent, looking like a Tiger Beat pin-up) and turns his attention to the track and field. Completely inane family comedy from the folks at Disney, who apparently had no faith in this basic premise, thereby shoehorning in a dire voodoo sub-plot (allowing for silly special effects, like over-sized props). Vincent does well, Amos tries hard, but Tim Conway (always an acquired taste) is both broad and boring in a gratuitous supporting role as a flunky. For '70's aficionados, there's also a cameo by Howard Cosell... *1/2 from ****
The point was made 1 minute into the movie, and then repeated in different words from other people and shows, movies, etc. for the remaining 1 hour and 32 minutes. There was no other side to this, and it is sad to see people making these kinds of documentaries that are so one sided that they should be considered as complaints, or even brain washing material as to how many times they have made one sided points. Like every other documentary about something that is "bad" as we are told growing up, this was made to be funny and fun to watch. Complete waste of 1 and a half hours.
I hadn't seen Robert Duvall in anything worthwhile for some time and needed to see him ply his trade. The fact that he wrote and directed this was a bonus for me remembering The Apostle as a solid performance for him under his own gaze and like a singer/songwriter, he knows how to say his own words. This, even if a somewhat gentler flow (the violence notwithstanding), was no different. Considering the amount of land fill being created as entertainment around the world if Robert Duvall made one of these a year, which isn't likely, I'd order the tickets in advance. If you like Robert in anything you'll love him in this.
Tenderness is contagious. Looking for love and ways to give it? Are movies more to you than entertainment? Without dreams, ambition and inspiration, life is harder than it has to be. Who says only the very young are hungry for knowledge. This good movie has taught me something about foreign relations, love and families, crime and punishment, truth, imagination, diligence, experience...the list goes on. And the commentary by Minghella -a bonus offered in the DVD features- is simply a joy. See the movie, enjoy the collaborative efforts of several true artists and then learn a bit about what it all meant to this successful writer/director. Or just see it because it's entertaining.
Any man should recognize himself in one of the four male characters in this picture. The way these men try (!) to open up to each other demonstrates the difficulties men always had and will have to deal with emotions, friendship, loyalty and relationships. With some (hilarious) subtle jokes, intertwined in strong dialogs and acting, these topics are clearly not men's favorite. Yet, this picture demonstrates that men are eager to to be sensing creatures, even if nature did not make them that way. Women should see this movie instead of any Oprah-like show about understanding the opposite sex. At least one woman has these insights and she wrote this wonderful story!
"East/West" ventures into a time (post WWII) when the Iron Curtain shrouded Stalin's Soviet Union and a curtain of suspicion and distrust shrouded every soviet life. The film follows a French family of three as the patriarch returns to his Russian homeland where he and his family are held prisoners of conscience by communism. The film focuses on the characters, their silent suffering and yearning for freedom while living in a state of constant paranoia as it tears husband from wife, mother from son, and heroism emerges from the most unlikely places. "East/West" is an entertaining watch for all and, though fictional, offers a sense of what the Cold War was about.
The humor in this film is much more irony based... the original Lake Placid was intended to be much more genuinely scary, this one will actually provide some good laughs if you go into it looking for the irony not the scare factor. The CGI in this movie is sub-par, but I think that this was somewhat intentional, it adds to the b-movie feel. The movie is not realistic, if it was it would be perceived as taking itself to seriously and would be stupid. Go into this movie looking for laughs and you will get them. Go into this movie looking for scares and you will come up disappointed.
Wow! What a fun ride! Just as good as any breeder teen slasher flick. Fun Halloween setting in West Hollywood gives the perfect opportunity for four hot guys to be beheaded at the hands of a 'horny' devil. The film adds a love story to the mix that miraculously never turns saccharine. The story (what there is) is skillfully doled out to provide maximum tension, so don't worry why someone working in a police department is not a uniformed cop, all will be revealed by film's end. Those looking for substance over style should look elsewhere, but if a homo roller-coaster ride to fright-land is what your after, this flick is it.
Another boring early 90s movie about desperate, unattractive males and the desperately conventional women who coo and giggle at them. What is comedic about this? Why is it considered entertaining to watch uninteresting, perpetual losers? Self-conscious "homosexual" subplot is supposed to make it new and different. Fails. Merits: Tom Waits, and a decent soundtrack. And perhaps a third: the Artisan DVD indicates Queens Logic was filmed in 1:33. That means no dizzying pan and scan. It's movies like this that turned me towards the classics. Not even the presence of John Malkovich or Jamie Lee Curtis can redeem this criminal misuse of celluloid. 3/10. Get rid of it.
Sylvester Stallone's career took a turn for the worst here with "Get Carter," a dry action film about revenge. Jack Carter returns home to his brother's funeral and decides to solve the mystery surrounding his brother's death. Perhaps the only thing interesting about the film is the friendship made between Jack and his niece, but even this is marred by a plot twist that's handled with such discomfort that it doesn't seem to belong in a movie with the Italian Stallion. Also starring Michael Caine, from the original "Get Carter," and the ever-so-versatile Alan Cumming, I really expected more from this movie. But the film loses its steam after the opening credits.
This movie is fantastic and fascinating mostly because of its director, but it would be fun either way. I'd say that it's better than many films of the same period, but not to the same extreme degree that Hitchcock's movies eventually achieved. You can see it's his work, though. Hitchcock knew that what made a suspenseful movie good had nothing to do with gore or loud noises, and this shows even in his early work. The Lodger has a distinctly Hitchcock feel to it--fun and scary--and it's interesting to see how he gets around the lack of sound, considering the fact that most (all?) of his other films were talkies.
I think all women under 40 should see this movie.Thumbs up for the women director's vision on the issues depicted in this movie.Uma Thurman is absolutely gorgeous,very talented,very subtle.All actors are great.This is what women should mostly watch,not soap operas,Pretty Woman,Titanic and other crap.If all movies, TV and music would follow the same pattern of this movie (and other), as opposed to unrealistic,cheesy crap that you usually find,the world would be a better place, for both men and women. The scene in the end where Uma's character makes a spectacle of herself in the pub is right there with Pacino's "say hello to my little friend!".Beautiful.Realistic.Interesting.Shattering. I am speechless, 10 points.
I can remember seeing this film twice. Once, when it was first released on TV in the late 50s or early 60s; and a second time, in the early 70s. And yet, my memories of it are crystal clear. And it's impact on me as strong as ever. I must admit to being quite surprised to find out that it had actually been nominated for two Academy Awards. Given the racial and political climate of that era, that recognition is remarkable. A wonderful "little" film, that uses strong, clearly drawn characters to tell a powerful story. And not a single computer-generated special effect in sight. Perhaps, the finest "B" picture ever made.
This movie is extremely underrated and deserves at least a 5.5/10 Steven Williams and Lou Diamond Phillips are the real stars of this film. The violence was short and the deaths were cheesy, but worthy. This film is about a group of agents who try to bring a witness to testify against a mob boss. But, when they take a shortcut called Route 666, they encounter killers and four zombies. I recommend this to anybody who likes a decent zombie film. MPAA: Rated R for strong violence and language MY MPAA RATING: Rated R for strong horror violence/gore, brief sexuality, and strong language ****out of*****
For a TBS original series, I'd say its brilliant. Otherwise, I'd say its pretty damn good. The stories are well-thought out and executed, and already, having seen just a handful of episodes, I see some strong continuity. I caught the first episode in its first run and have seen subsequent episodes "on demand", which is a powerful tool for a late-night TBS series. One complaint I have is that I always wanna slap or yell at Leslie (John Lehr), but at the same time it adds to the draw of the show. As for the characters, I find them interesting and funny in their own ways. All in all, well-worth seeing.
This show had low budget written all over it. Way too much overacting (especially with DynaGirl), along with the cheap sets, lame effects (even for the mid 1970s), and lame villains. I also couldn't stand the overuse of "Electra". I know catch phrases are important to a series like this, but come on! The ones I remember most are the spider woman and whoever made DynaGirl evil. These plots have been used in many superhero series. Come on Kroffts, can't you at least be semi-original? No wonder why this lasted only eight episodes. The theme song was kinda catchy, but the rest stunk. At least Deidre Hall had a career after this...
I was very disappointed at HM2. I saw this movie since I was impressed by the visual effects in HM1. I hope that the special effects will be better than the first one. However, after seeing this movie, I found that the quality of directing and visual effect look like a TV series that was made 20 year ago!! I would give the 1st one 7 out of 10 marks but only 3 to this one. What's yours? Hollow Man Storyline: 5 Directing: 7 Acting: 6 Visual Effect: 8.5 Overall : 7 Hollow Man II Storyline: 3 Directing: 3 Acting: 5 Visual Effect: 2 Overall : 3
My love of the Airwolf Television series is based on what great TV is all about: meaningful writing, strong characters, justice and a beautiful helicopter. I loved the music and the drama. I found my- self drawn to the TV set every Saturday night when Airwolf was on CBS. Some episodes were better than others but none of them disappointed me. I wanted the show to go on forever. Of course that is unrealistic. Still, when I met the helicopter in Van Nuys, CA in 1986 I was so honored and overwhelmed. "The Lady" will live in my heart forever. Edward Eugene Smith The Lion of Yelm Washington State, USA
Say what you like about a good independent movie or a good b-movie but to me, a good film like ACNE, beats a decent $80 million dollar film every time. Yes, the acting isn't as professional with this film, but that adds a certain realism. Yes, the sets aren't always picture perfect but whose house or office is? ACNE is a horror movie for 2005 and beyond. The threats to the main characters are as real as what people face everyday around our planet. Pollution, exploitation, manipulation, false promises, disease and disfigurement but it does so with a twisted black comic heart and believe me, you're going to laugh (with the movie).
who know little about the battle for Iwo Jima. It is almost like 2 separate movies in one. You have one part centered around the men who rose the flag and their life in the US afterwards. They are celebrated as heroes. The other part shows flashbacks of the fighting in the Pacific. I like war movies, so I liked those parts best. The war scenes were realistic and well filmed. The acting was pretty good, but this is not Clint Eastwood's best film. I have liked other war films better but this one is entertaining enough to watch. FINAL VERDICT: If you like war movies, then don't miss this.
This is one of the worst shows I've ever attempted to watch. I was recently traveling in Latin America and came across this English-language show on cable, so I decided to try to watch a few minutes. While laced with mature themes (masturbation jokes, sexual urination, etc.) it contains pitiful acting, an unbelievably lame story, and the kind of plot you'd expect in a Disney Family Channel movie. Chad "E" Donella (that E makes him so classy) and the rest of the crew/cast from this movie should step in front of a bus. Avoid watching this movie like the plague - it is far from being even remotely entertaining.
Unfortunately, I found this movie to be only mildly entertaining. Paul Hogan revises his role in this comedy drama as the Australian crocodile hunter Mick Dundee. His real life wife Linda Kozlowski also joins him taking the role of his girlfriend Sue Charlton. I found the plot line to be weak, although some of the humor was good, particularly the parts dealing with cultural differences. George Hamilton makes a cameo in the movie as does Mike Tyson, both of which are complete surprises. This movie is matinee material at best and only if you have 90 minutes to waste. Younger children should not view this movie as there are some questionable situations.
This show appeals to a certain type of audience - it's not particularly clever but it's enjoyable to watch if not taken so seriously. This is one of those shows that will age well given time - it feels like the actors/writers haven't quite settled into the show yet. Buffy the Vampire Slayer had a disastrous first season with terrible, cheesy writing, low brow plot lines and terrible acting... yet it went on to have a huge cult following and seven seasons. I think this series deserves a chance. The characters are endearing and it has a clear direction that I'm interested in. I hope we see a second season.
Australian director Samantha Lang has made a movie in Paris, in French, with an American actress playing an Australian actress, and a Chinese-American actor playing a Chinese-French retired chef. Intriguing? For a while. Leelee Sobieski's French is surprisingly good, much better than her acting. James Hong is a fine actor, but clearly an American guy struggling with his French lines. The story (two characters, each alientated in his/her own way, thrown together in a Parisian apartment building)is ultimately trite and uninteresting. Jean-Paul Roussillon does a nice job as the nosy downstairs neighbor, and child actress Marie Loboda could be Emanuelle Beart's little sister, much as Sobieski could be Helen Hunt's little sister.
This is what independent work is all about. The animation is beautiful, yet not like any animation you've seen. This is no slick rip-off of successful style with smarmy pop-culture references; no Disney/Pixar wannabes here. The director has a vision of his own and makes it happen. It's a very, very good adaptation of the Abbott novel, witty, with good voice-work and very good music. There are some mind-blowing sequences towards the end, but the most impressive quality is the originality of the vision. If this is the director's first feature, there are big things in store for him. Don't lose that vision! A film like this gives me hope.
Akira Kurosawa's STRAY DOG (English title) is a riveting, poetic vision of a young Tokyo officer (Toshiro Mifune) who's handgun is stolen from him on a bus. Driven to obsession, he follows the trail of the pickpocket through the seedy underworld of post-war China, in an attempt to regain his honor. A rare film of great social and philosophical significance. The deceptively simple story grows more complex as the man who gains possession of Mifune's handgun begins killing people and Mifune starts to blame himself. Every single second of this film rings true. An incredible atmospheric combination, of noirish melodrama and dark comedy. Every bit as good as Kurosawa's celebrated samurai pictures.
I liked "Blast". You don't take an action film seriously with Eddie Griffin and Vinnie Jones. The plot is about Lamont Dixon (Griffin) who is an ex-fireman\tugboat captain. He is working on an oil rig at Christmas time when terrorists led by Michael Kittredge (Jones)hijack the crew. Kittredge has a electronic device that can destroy California. Now it's up to Dixon to save the day. Eddie Griffin was a pretty good action hero. Vivica A.Fox goes through the motions as the head FBI agent. Vinnie Jones plays the evil villain role well. No one should care that "Blast" is going direct-to-video. If you want an exciting and funny action\comedy, this is it.
It follows the first book in the trilogy very faithfully. Many scenes were actually just as I had imagined them while reading the books. The photography is breathtaking and the sets amazing. According to scholars of fourteenth century Norway, the attention to detail in depicting every day life and customs is very authentic. The costumes are beautiful and the actors, without exception, perfect for the parts. We were riveted! Buy the DVD with the uncut version and extras. Definitely worthwhile watching more than once... or twice... or thrice....!!! I hope Liv Ullmann will film the other two books as well. And soon! Don't miss this remarkable movie.
This is a really great action movie starring the master himself, Gary Daniels. The movie has lots and lots of action scenes. The fighting scenes are GREAT. Daniels delivers, and shows us that he is one of the best martial artists actors out there. Just keep in mind that, despite this being a Daniels-movie, there aren't that many fight scenes in it. But there's much action, for example a really long car chase scene, and shooting as well. Pretty standard action-plot, but that's exactly what action fans want in a movie like this. People who think otherwise should watch a crappy drama movie instead. Verdict: 7 stars out of 10. Well deserved.
An awesome play on social queues and common expectations in the public place. What is right and what is wrong? This film takes everything we learn that is "correct" and turns it upside down. Showing situations that would normally shock anyone, though the characters glide through these incredibly awkward scenarios with ease. When I saw it, I wasn't sure what to feel. This was almost an Alice In Wonderland-like place where all your ideals went out the window. There is praise for murder, drunken monks, and tourist attractions taken as pornographic. Almost no logic was involved in the creation of this film, but respectively I adore the dream-like universe Bunuel has created.
Hmmm.....now this is a real film. I thought these kinds of films were dead. Original Sin shows me that they are not and they are better than ever. I tell you, I absolutely loved this picture. It grabs you from the first shot and never lets go. Its s thriller, but it is also "a story about love, not a love story." It examines love and its consequences. It will show you what love is. The chemistry between Jolie and Bandera's is fantastic. You believe it. You believe that they are in love and will do anything to be together. Its fabulous. Go see it. You will love it!
Spock jumps on every comment that every person says, correcting their calculations with comments like "I wish you'd be more accurate" and saying things like "We're not here to engage in gambling" when someone asks about their odds of survival (how many times has Spock himself spewed out odds of this and that in the past? His own mother had to cut him off at the knees when he did that once). I've always thought that the "folding Lee Meriwhether" effect was cool but I'm not sure the episode really makes any sense. My main problem with this episode is how annoying Spock is because he's my favorite character in this series.
Too long, tedious, boring, mind-numbing, poorly-written, gag-me-with-an-adolescent- fantasy piece of crap. I love many movies which are commonly referred to as Chick Flicks, but this hunk of junk is too much for me. The soundtrack is pretty good. I don't know how I can stretch my comments to 10 lines. I did read that Kevin Costner's part was originally written for Steve McQueen, and he may've been able to pull it off. Note that K.C. has Steve's haircut. This is a demonstration that celebrity in one area doesn't necessarily to talent in another area. The film needs a female lead who can act, and ol' Whitney ain't the gal for the job.
This is one of the best films made in the last few years ! The reasons being that the story-line though thin, still manages to interest audiences due to its simple story-telling coupled with great visuals and music ! The only point which does affect is the length of the second half of this movie ! The visuals are at par with any Hollywood period film and the music is just awesome. I would suggest that everyone should check this film themselves and then form an opinion....because in my opinion the presentation style of Kisna is something which has not been attempted in Bollywood !
What I liked about "Dial 1119" is that it's basically ignored as an example of film noir yet, for a film made in 1950, this thing was ahead of its time. First off, there's a big-screen TV in the bar, which plays an important part in advancing the plot. The folks who made this picture also foresaw the role that TV news would come to play in taking over a story. Good cast with William ("Cannon") Conrad as Chuckles the bartender, Leon ("Mr. Ed") Ames and Marshall ("Daktari") Thompson as the central character, our friendly neighborhood psycho. Finally, you've got a love a film noir selection that takes place in Terminal City.
I love short story films, especially when, of one particular theme, they are connected to satisfy a feature length running time. Like taking any subway/underground/metro train, with Subway Stories, if you don't like one particular story, wait a few minutes and a better one will come along. Of course everyone will have their particular favourites, but for me Fern's Heart of Darkness, Sax Cantor Riff, Manhattan Miracle, Love on the A Train, and Underground were simply original and wonderful. I'm English and lived in London for four years so these types of stories are not exclusive to New York. Where there are people, there are possibilities.
A nuclear bomb in Los Angeles, WWIII looming on the horizon, and it all comes down to one man, Jack Bauer (Sutherland), to save the day. Although a bit more contrived than season one, the second season of "24" follows the same formula as the first season with 24 virtual hours (16 viewer hours) jam packed with twisty-turny crisscrossing subplots, suspense, action, drama, and, of course, those countless looks askance. If you haven't seen this incredibly popular Emmy winning series, rent the first DVD in the first season first and see if you don't suddenly find yourself a "24" junkie lusting for more. A little something for everyone 13 and up. (B)
I was blessed to have seen this movie last night. It made me laugh, it made me cry and it made me love life. This movie is a great movie that depicts a love of a father for his son. Will Smith did an incredible job and deserves every accolade available to him. His son also did a fantastic job. There is a great lesson that is learned in this movie and it truly shares the struggles of everyday life. This movie was heart felt and touching. It was truly an experience worth having. Thank you for making this movie and I look forward to seeing it again.
With a impeccable cast including Robert Davi, Julian McMahon, Peter Frechette, Ally Walker and so many others...this show cannot go wrong. An interesting backstory that follows through all the seasons (till Walker's departure in season 4), Jack is a compelling character. Not only do you have the initial cases, which are interesting and original in themselves, you have these main characters. John Grant the jokester with a dark past, Malone who runs the show with a fatherly fist, Waters who solves the cases with her inept ability to see what others try too... This show is funny, it's sad, it's just damn good. If you haven't seen it, I suggest you do.
what do u know about the masterpieces' this story is a history. it is a mith. Full originality about what Yugo army was and all status of ex nations inside. I have never seen anything like it before. You must watch this film two times to get it, and u must know something about the Croatians, Dalmatians, Serbs, Albanians, Bosnian... and about the capital cities... including about the Tito and partisan believes and fate in him. for me this film is better 10 times than no man's land or Balkan can only film i can name it here is Balkan express ........... .......... ............... ....................
For what it is, a silly 2 1/2 minute skit starring Adam Sandler, I thought this was great. The opening shot is particually PT Anderson, but the rest is just down right stupid humour. The ending particually cracked me up, although I honestly don't get what the hell happened (and I don't think I'm supposed to). This is simply just PTA and Sandler screwing around with a free set after filming PDL, so I doubt any real thought went into this, so please don't expect "Magnolia" or "Boogie Nights" or anything, just expect a stupid, retard Sandler style short that will leave you confussed, laughing, and saying out loud "What the F***?".
This is one of those movies that against my better judgement began to watch at the urging of a friend of my wife's. Well to sum it up I have never until this now walked out of a movie. After rationalizing (since I had nothing better to think about during the movie) I figured that the only way I could recoup the cost of the movie was to cut my losses and leave. The some 1 1/2 hours that I would have spent watching the remainder of the movie would have been better spent licking a toilet at a buss station. ** SPOILER FOLLOWS ** IT SUCKED, IT REALLY REALLY SUCKED !!!!!!!
CSI has been my favorite show since it first aired. The plots are interesting, but the element that keeps me coming back every week is the chemistry among the diverse characters. The keystone character is Grissom. I hope he is only on a vacation, because the show falls flat without him. The chemistry is less than that between me and my ex-husband. The writers err in their assumption that they can make the new guy...Kessler?....interesting to viewers by giving him a mystery. Because he has all the appeal of a featureless cardboard cutout, I don't care why somebody is trying to get hold of him. Please bring back Grissom! SOON!
What a disappointment! This film seemed to be trying to copy 'cutting edge' comedy but the direction and the script was sloppy, sickly and sentimental in the worst film tradition. Jack Black's acting/role was self-indulgent and self-regarding... and the other characters were equally unmasking and uninteresting. The soundtrack was tedious. We are ( WERE) fans of Black but none of us did more than mange a forced titter for the duration. Why did he feel he needed to make this mistake? We will not watch another of his films without reading reviews more carefully first!! Was he drunk when he read the script before signing up for this drivel?
"Blood and Concrete" is a lame little low budget comedy about a small time hoodlum (Zane) who hooks up with a neurotic babe (Beals) and then learns they have something more in common than mutual admiration...specifically a drug called "Libido". Playing out like something contrived by a bunch of drunken college students, this flick invents wacky characters and then has them pop up as necessary to sustain it as it dogs its way through its meager plot. Although the film does have a few funny moments and a hint of a creative edge, it is a sub-B flick which wears out early on and most will not find it worth the time.
This is definitely a bad movie, especially taking into account the over-positive magazine quotes on the DVD cover: "The best movie I have ever seen.", must have been his first. The retard is a miscast of the worst possible case, he does not even come close to scary at any point in the movie. The plot is thin and the characters are not detailed. The retard should have been treated when he first struck but then the movie would have ended half an hour after it started. It does not make any sense. It would have made a nice last year school project, but should never have been released!!!
When you can't afford Matthew McC, hire Josh Lucas. America's new sweetheart, Reese Witherspoon -- night now, Sandy B. -- does her best at holding this most formulaic so-called romance together. Seriously, I'd type how I REALLY feel but I just realized that I'd be wasting more time than I did WATCHING this 122 minute fiasco. If you don't see every single angle coming, then you might as well stop seeing films. Utter trash. And I'm not certain that a single stereotype goes unwrapped. Reese, you're better than this. But after "Legally Blonde" and this, you might have to re-prove yourself. 3/10
This sure looks like a hurry up and get this thing over with movie. A perfect movie for when your mind is not totally on the movie; such as the drive in theater fare of the late 50s. This flick might even be funnier than it is scary. A young couple in the heat of their passions discover a bug eyed creature from who knows where. These alien beings have detachable hands that crawl and have an eyeball and fingers that inject alcohol. Got your interest? Fun to watch for a laugh. Yes that is Frank Gorshin. Also in the cast are Steven Terrell, Gloria Castillo and Lyn Osborn.
There is even less that is original in this film than in Gus Van Sant's remake of Psycho. "Far From Heaven's" story, cinematography, set design, costumes, actors' appearances and music are virtually identical to Douglas Sirk's "All That Heaven Allows". Does Todd Haynes have no voice of his own? The film crosses the line from homage to plagiarism. The only innovations here are to make the gardener black rather than white and the husband gay rather than dead. Sirk's concerns with female sexual desire and inter-class romance, have given way in Haynes' remake to the over-discussed issues of racism and homosexuality (yawn). I give it a 1/10 for Haynes' lack of imagination.
I came to this movie with some expectation, and having read some favorable reviews on IMDb: that was a big mistake. Just because there are some well known "names" in the cast do not believe that will save this film, because it does not. Briefly: a retired cop gets entangled in some blackmail/murder plot, but the whole picture is boring, self indulgent and unbelievable. The script is poor, and none of the players give convincing performances. The story, the plot and the players are all unrealistic in the extreme and just because they have made their career by other films will not salvage them or this picture. 1/10.
This is a low budget movie and it has it's flaws but I liked it because of the way it showed how loneliness, alienation and a bad upbringing can turn a man from being a quiet introvert into a peeping tom and then a murderer and then full blown insanity. Laszlo Papas has the unfortunate habit of mumbling his lines but maybe this was done so to deliberately display the ostracised nature of his character. If so, my apologies to Mr Papas. Belle Mitchell, who previously had appeared in House of Frankenstein and The Beast With Five Fingers, also stars as the landlady of the boarding house where the title character stays.
I watched this show for about 5 minutes (I was 15) and joined millions in turning it off. (Funny, I did the same thing to "Caveman" this year.) The rumor I heard was that the head of ABC actually canceled the show BEFORE the first episode ended. (At 13 minutes into the show, supposedly the head of ABC told someone this was the ONLY episode ever to appear on the network.) That would have to be a record for anyone. Although, if ABC had any taste they would've done the same for "Caveman." Alas, poor Tim Conway had found a way to get onto yet another falling rock!
With people like Rodney Dangerfield as "the Rodfather" and Dom DeLuise as "The Oddfather" I had hopes for this one...dashed immediately the actors started flapping their gums. Who wrote this script? It stinks! And the director couldn't direct traffic. Some good set-ups that fall apart, horrible gags -- it's a spoof that doesn't work at all. Why was this movie made? Compared to this, "Mafia" is actually a fine film (and I hated it when it came out!) I would suspect that the sole "positive comments" from two reviewers were probably the director's wife and his best friend as no one I've met who has seen this film enjoyed it at all.
Julien Temple struggles to make decent movies. After the appalling Absolute Beginners, a film that - despite all the promise and potential of a great novel and a decent cast and a soundtrack by Bowie - falls short of the target by miles, Temple manages to barge around with an admirable lack of skill here in this cardboard cutout piece of cheap music hall. Nothing works. The film is slow and stiff with long embarrassing moments of nothing. In desperation a bored viewer may grasp at the flimsiest piece of stale slapstick to let out a yawning chuckle, but mainly the film can only be enjoyed by those who find turkeys amusing.
I just want to add my voice to the critics and say, yes this movie is REALLY bad. It has no suspense to speak of except where the characters start pretending to be serious. No link to reality, what in the world qualifies some oil fire fighters to run cutting edge equipment other than they're the inventor's drinking buddies. THESE guys are going to set off nukes to save the world? No wonder it's about to end. As for casting, I think the only criteria was who was unemployed when it came time to shoot. Personally though I have to say I did like the Wil Wheaton Molten Shower scene.
The only excitement i got from this movie was from watching the rather pert behind of Tamara "Sexy Eyes" Davies who has clearly been doing some Yoga. The whole I'm an ex- CIA agent, whose still really working for the CIA - shhhh don't tell anyone got old after Mission Impossible 1 and stinks here about as much as MI3 does. Lovely Tamara runs around a lot which is good, really good ...pause, rewind, pause, rewind - but the plot/storyline and ending are just rip after rip after rip off. If your a seagal fan don't watch it, he was probably depressed when He made it..and now I am.
A ridiculous poorly made mini-movie about Revelations and Science. It's poor science fiction, if that what intended. Direct portrayal of contention between Religion vs. Science is in poor taste for a national network even if done vaguely or for fiction. But there is nothing vague about Religion vs. Science in this mini. My first instinct was that NBC has gone evangelical. But then reason took over. No NBC is pandering to the religious and religious right for ratings. Shame on NBC anyway for a bad plot and schlock! The only thing NBC has going for it are all the L&O's. NBC's High Definition is the best but is wasted on Leno.
Words almost fail me to describe how terrible this Irish vanity project (funded by Canadian taxpayers - both federal and Albertan) really is. There's a sudden appearance by a nice looking Canadian woman (Kathy Ranheim) who in real life was a star athlete in Alberta, for no other reason to ensure Canadian content. Credits also indicate that certain Calgary pubs were of assistance. Everything here is poorly filmed and at least third-hand (chunks of poorly digested Trainspotting, Lock Stock, Snatch and Reservoir Dogs are the most obvious steals). Avoid like the plague unless you fancy one of those campy "so bad it's almost funny" nights in front of your telly.
If Quentin Tarantino and a woman made out of horrible movies had a baby and then punched it in the head a lot...it would also hate this movie. This movie is veritable house of cards constructed of candid "insights" on life (analogies aplenty) and held together by watered down attempts at graphic shock value...also there are some cards. James Woods' actual talent only serves to accentuate the bear-wearing-a-funny-hat that is the rest of the movie. Also, this movie offers a rare chance to see Michael Rapaport rape someone on screen (that is, outside of a courtroom environment.) In conclusion, directors should make better movies than this and have two names.
Nothing in film upsets me more than a dumbed-down, cheesed-up remake of a truly great work of art. I cannot understand what would possess anyone to commit such an atrocity, and I cannot recommend that anyone waste their time on this piece of trash when they could instead be watching the original, "Wings of Desire" (1987), and its sequel. The remake may employ better-known actors, but it adds nothing of merit while stripping away most of the original's emotional depth. Had I not first seen the vastly superior original, I might have enjoyed this movie enough to sit through more than the first half and give it 4/10 stars.
This film is dreadful. Wasn't this a good opportunity to kill Jason off once and for all? I would have given 6 out of 10, but the last few seconds of the film dropped the rating to 1. Awful. A waste of 1 hour and 45 minutes. The first film in 1980 was brilliant. We've then had another 11 (inc. Freddy vs Jason), plus this one, and they have just got worse each time. Some good acting in this movie but it's a shame it ended like it did. I'll certainly not be watching the next one! I can't believe that over 2,000 people have given this movie 10/10.
The guy is obviously sick and I can't believe that he found somebody to fund this self indulgent masturbatory aid. He wants so desperately for you to like him and accept him that it just comes off as slimy and annoying. I got to see this movie for free and I still feel as though I have been cheated. It's no wonder that this film was rejected by Sundance, I'm glad at least one group of people had the chance to tell him how crappy this movie was. p.s. although there are lots of boobies and sex scenes, none of them are even worth fast forwarding to.
The premise of this show is completely unrealistic. And it rips off other movies, such as "Twister" and really bad shows like "Night of the Twisters." Mimi Rogers basically plays the same character Helen Hunt played in "Twister"; someone who experienced a family death during a tornado when she was younger. Now she's obsessed with storms. But she has to prove "the big one" is coming. Plus, the science is in no way based on fact. Tornado Alley CAN NOT "move" to Seattle. Where were the fact checkers for this show? But what should one expect - it IS "Lifetime" channel. So watch something better. Like an old-fashioned test pattern.
If you like the original "Slapshot," good acting and a good plot, rent anything else other than this travesty of film-making. However, if you do enjoy bad VD jokes, monotone Steven Baldwin acting and a storyline a kindergartner could poke holes into, then by all means rent "Slapshot 2: Breaking the Ice." Seriously, the only good thing about this film was seeing the original Hanson Brothers reprise their roles, which was not nearly enough to save it. A life-size cardboard cutout of Paul Newman has more acting talent than Steven Baldwin. And I'm being generous. Only if you have a severely morbid sense of curiosity would I suggest you watch this film.
This movie could have been so good. It's a great concept. Someone reads aloud and can pull characters out of books. Unfortunately, a poorly written script that plods along like an old horse, a director who can't seem to decide whether he's making an action movie or a fantasy for kids, and drab, over-dark cinematography sinks this movie. Simply put, it's boring, it's humorless, it lacks any real heart, and it just never seems to make a bit of sense. The acting performances are good, but can't come anywhere near overcoming the problems this movie had. This movie was such a waste of a good opportunity to make something special.
Maybe Spoilers "The Rock-a-who"? As said by the incredibly hot, Jennifer Connelly, the hottest woman in the movies. That is pretty much the extent of what I remember about this movie. Well I also do recall the mobsters and the chewing gum. Outside of the fantasies that Jennifer can produce in a guy, I really can not recommend this one. But she is definitely worth a view for you guys. What else can I say, Jenny's character battles with her hero boyfriend and goes after the wrong guy, who well winds up being the villain. After you see this, you'll probably recall Jennifer saying "The Rockawho" also.
Absolutely devoid of any suspense, terror, or drama of any kind, this miserable "horror" film is completely incoherent. The lighting is so poor it's difficult to see what's happening. The setting (an old house in the woods) is not milked for any significant mood or atmosphere. Most of the actresses are indistinguishable from one another. The underlying theme of sexual violence and degredation is disgusting. And the sight of the masked "killer" on ice skates, doing laps around a frozen pond, is sure to send you into a fit of hysterics. By far one of the worst horror films of the early 80s, and believe me, I've seen most of 'em. 1/10.
Slowly limping along, this movie is best used as a tranquilizer. The African god Chuku, fervently worshiped by a scene-chewing Jack Palance, apparently talks his victims to death. Some people get killed while Palance smokes cigars. The plot doesn't just have holes, it tears at the very fabric of space and time until "Craze" finally comes to an entirely predictable end. If you can keep from nodding off while watching this, you're a more determined viewer than I. I saw this on "Shilling Shockers" with host Penny Dreadful. If you find yourself with insomnia then watch this movie and you will sleep. If it doesn't work for you... consult your physician.
This horror flick not only is violent, but horridly lame...and has nothing to do with the original PUMPKINHEAD(1989). A group of predictably stupid teenagers resurrect a fabled demon and the creature goes on a bloodthirsty rampage. The messy killing is not enough; the avenging monster leaves a calling card in the form of painted wings at each murder scene. Sheriff Braddock(Andrew Robinson)shares his childhood memories that relate to the origins of the Pumpkinhead legend. Viewing the promotion trailer may just be better than enduring this nerve wrecker. The cast is full of familiar faces: Ami Dolenz, Soleil Moon Frye, Steve Kanaly and Caren Kaye. And yes, Mayor Bubba is THAT Roger Clinton.
I like to MST3K this movie. Drives my roomie crazy. She takes Lifetime movies seriously. Totally a guilty pleasure movie. Cheesy and funny. What makes it even better is imagining SD rehearsing her lines, actually taking the job seriously--"What's my motivation? What would Lorie do?" Wm. Devane is not my idea of a sexy sexy older man for a younger girl--Powers Boothe woulda been totally good in that role. Or Craig T. Nelson. Or Bruce Boxleitner. Or any other members of the Male Lead Pantheon of Planet Lifetime. The whole daughter thing near the end came out of nowhere. I've got way too much time on my hands.
Movie itself it quite catchy - the fight of Jack with Asian man in the hotel room was the best, imho... But some things are under critics. Like exploding on the arena - when eventually whole the building is got blown away - what 'bad guy' of Mickey Rourke was thinking about when placing mines of such explosive power there? :) Or what was on 'good guy' of Dennis Rodman's mind when swapping some mine marks? To play the game 'who dies first - good Jack or bad Stavros? A big number of gotchas that may be forgiven only because it's just an action. Plain action with good fights and explosions...
This is the first film i've failed to sit through.My head ached, my eyes hurt, and boy did i feel sick! After 20 mins i had to give up. It's a shame that such a top rate cast was let down by the insane camera-work and direction.Quick cutting has it's place,Natural born killers and the Bourne trilogy are enhanced by it because it furthers the story, but you are still able to actually focus on the characters.This rubbish is so quickly cut you are't given the chance to appreciate the acting or follow the plot.The director should definitely never work again. Unless you are a depressed masochist avoid this at all costs.
Color was beautiful, Coleman a delight and thats it. I never watched a more ridiculous dance routine that Dietrich displayed. All she did was prancing around in so-called seductive poses, rather than actually dance, exhibiting what was then called Hollywood's best looking gams. Sorry, Betty Grable was still the queen of the legs department. BTW, I was sort of shocked, if that is the right word, where at the beginning of the credits, it said Starring Ronald Coleman in Kismet, with Marlene Dietrich. She didn't even get co-star billing, and the role was not a cameo. The chorus girls had definitely better movements than she. Of course they are professional dancers..not Marlene.
What a crappy movie. Can't understand how Meg Ryan accepted to participate on it. Haven't seen Meg Ryan and Antonio Banderas in good movies for the past...4 years I think. Fell asleep 15 minutes after it started. I thought it was going to be funny, a good comedy but it turned out to be excessively dumb. No plot, no script, no sense. By the way Meg Ryan's makeover went really bad. That angel face is gone, her face is so inexpressive now. The botox doesn't allow her to move her lips anymore. How sad. Avoid this movie at all cost, it's an awful waste of money and time.
If the director wasn't Claude Chabrol, I'm not sure this picture would have been released. It's a mystery story with a rather common theme. Ordinary man meets strange girl with secrets and his values tend to change in dangerous ways, because of the passion. But the acting alienates the viewer. The dialog and the facial expressions don't mix together and you can't take the theme seriously. That's a problem in many French movies and not at least those of Chabrol. Maybe it's because one is too used to American actor manners, but I'm not sure that's really the problem here. Passions can be boring and this is unfortunately an example.
Director Baltasar Kormakur leaves Iceland to make an American movie, except he really doesn't, and that's a large part of the problem. Kormakur actually shot this film in Iceland, and it would take a hyper-credulous viewer to accept these stark landscapes as Minnesota. "Heaven" is a dark tale about insurance fraud. Dark in every sense of the word, as several early scenes are nearly invisible. The plot is murky; the cast's accents are all over the lot, especially Forest Whitaker's. Whitaker's attempts at Minnesotan leave him somewhere between Duluth and Dublin. The ending is intended to be richly ironic, but falls absolutely flat. For a far better experience, see Kormakur's "101 Reykjavik."
i want that hour and something of my life i spent watching this back. how this ever got greenlighted, for god's sake? the previous installment was excellent, but this one is simply abysmal. i am a HUGE fan of the franchise and never got bored watching any of the previous movies, but i couldn't finish this one. what a bore... easily the crappiest movie i have seen this year. plot - what plot ? acting - what acting ? scenes lifted from other movies all around. even lance seemed bored, the expression on his face, clearly saying - i know it's crap, but, hey, at least it'll pay the rent...
If truth in advertising laws were applied to motion pictures, London By Night would have been titled Backlot By Day, because this is one of the least convincing London-set features made by any American studio. George Murphy barely makes an effort as Michael Denis, an Irish reporter (with an American accent) mixed up in a murder investigation, and most of the rest of the cast deliver their lines in equally unconvincing fashion. Only George Zucco, as a police inspector, makes much of an impression, and the story itself is minor stuff indeed. At least Corky the dog doesn't embarrass himself too much, delivering a convincing portrayal as Jones, Denis' faithful canine pal.
An incredibly uninspired television anthology sequel that has little to do with the first fantastic film, except that the lead character in all three stories is played by one woman. It goes something like this: Lysette Anthony goes all gravedigger and gets chased by giant rat puppets. Lysette Anthony gets chased by a wretched child actor playing her resurrected son in a pseudo-Gothic setting. Lysette Anthony gets chased by the infamous zuni fetish doll from the first TV movie except the special effects are somehow worse two decades later. Even this last segment is uninteresting. Anthony is obviously no Karen Black, but she does a good job with the garbage she's given.
I agree and disagree with all 9 reviews (to this point) on this flick to differing extents. This was by no means a classic movie. It barely would be considered a good movie. But I did watch it and I don't regret my decision to do so. Possible spoiler.... The crazy twist ending does leave a little to be desired. A mental patient who 'died' and a weird mental patient outwitting the crazy rapist doctor? I know you have to be crazy to rape your patients, but the nutty patients outwitting the doctor? I had issues believing that. For the record, I liked the post credits little ending.
I've been watching quite a few ho-hum films lately and this one doesn't quite reach even that status. We are first assured that this movie is 100% factual, and I guess it came close. I see how the story of a criminal couple on a short crime spree sold tabloid newspapers, but it just didn't make an interesting movie. It aspires to a forties look, but is too ninetiesh for me. The acting is okay, but no outstanding performances. Directing...well, not very good. Scrept's sorta blah. There's maybe one good though lurid scene in this and that isn't enough to make sitting through the movie to see.
The script was good, a lot of the photography was good, but the lighting was abysmal. There was no effort to correct the differences in exposure between interior and exterior. The acting was a little mannered. I assume that the movie was shot digitally. The editing was very effective in some sequences and less than good in others. It almost seemed that the editor occasionally got bored and quit trying. If I seem overly critical, let me hasten to add that the movie had more good qualities than bad. However, the bottom line word is "amateurish." It really wasn't worth the hassle of driving to Culver City and shelling out five bucks.
Frank (Junior) Coghlan portrays Sonny who, along with his best pal (Kenneth Howell) and their tiny friend Mary Lou (Shirley Temple) decide to try prospecting for gold into California's high desert region, the point of which is an attempt to gain enough money for the financing of Sonny's tuition into a military academy which his parents cannot afford for him to attend. A variety of silliness transpires during this short, much of it concerning Mary Lou's new-found desert tramp friend (Huntley Gordon) who is a victim of amnesia, but the ofttimes spontaneous roughhousing between the two teen-aged boys along with their complete artlessness causes the viewer to forget the thinly written script.
Long and flabby, with few originalities into Mozart's life, work, genius. Some primary sources -- ie the letters (all voices are good) -- illuminate the unextraordinary, loving man under the extraordinary artist, but I did not leave knowing him better than before I went in, which anyway is not well. BAD photography. No dramatic momentum. Most interviewees are well-meaning but dull. Sound is lush and clear but the film feels like an amateur filmmaker's labour of love. OK, For $15 and at over three hours, and given the APPALLING low-resolution photography (shot on 1990s Handicam?), I can't recommend this film. Even on daytime TV it will be tedious.
Sort of funny, but mostly only if you've watched the films it takes off. Even then, the parody element isn't that strong. Rather, they're more like "cameo jokes" in which the gag is getting the movie reference. That said, some gags like those relating to harry Potter and Wonka's factory, are spot on. Another problem with the film is the ending. Ideally, as the main characters exit Gnarnia back to the interior of Willy's factory, it would have been funnier if we'd encountered Willy once gain, with some gag related to Gnarnia. But, it was not to be. Yes, I laughed, but a repeat viewing would probably be very flat.
Despite a very good cast and a clever idea, this film never happened. The acting was good but the director was self-indulgent with his filming technique. The film was slow and built no tension, and by time Nick Nolte arrived, the film had already died on its backside. The film wasted time on juvenile political discussion. I literally thought that the American boy would accuse the French girl as being a cheese eating surrender monkey, but of course they just fall in love! Every single role was unoriginal from John Turtoro's poetry reading psycho to Juliet Binoche's cool french spy. Given such an important political possibility, the film said absolutely nothing.
Even my low expectations of just another predictable self-serving, gay-for-gay's-sake, "comedy" weren't met. Astoundingly bad in pretty much every way. Yet not absurd enough to be unintentionally-funny on the order of Uwe Boll films. Other than exactly 3 genuinely-funny moments, and a surprisingly-hot sex scene, there is pretty much nothing to enjoy about Eating Out. It manages to be neither a good romantic comedy nor a good porn. Some Falcon and a copy of Roman Holiday will serve for a much more fulfilling evening. Like any minority, we gays tend to latch onto things that cater to our group. Let's not further taint that already-questionable process with schlock like this.
seriously nobody is doing to the Mexican film industry any good by calling this film a classic, because by telling that, it means that this is the better that Mexican directors can do. I tell this because this movie is truly horrible, the acting, the ambiance, even the music it's like a nightmare to the ears. I beg to people from Mexico to be objective, this movie is trash, and it isn't deserve to call it classic, and to say the contrary is an insult for the cinematographic industry of Mexico. One of the dullest film I've seen in all my life. I give 1 out of 10
I was unbelievably disappointed movie,this in not a bond movie , end of discussion. I went to see a movie , not a commercial of Ford products! Sometimes when we want to innovate ,we burn our past.Children with guns in Africa !!!! All Inclued hotels in Bahamas !!! Bond in Love !!! Terrorists that we don't understand the point or objective!!! Wereis the charm? This is a chip trilogy that they want to make , James Bond is beauty , charm , glamor, gadgets , the traditional soundtrack,the fashion, the bond girls,Bond does get injured . Sometimes when we want to innovate ,we burn our past! Nothing else to say!
The various sketches with a large assortment of personalties is a real hit or miss affair. The BB King segment is definitely the best. The other parts are funny or boring depending on the viewers tastes. The interruptions of the space voyage add little to the movie. Yes the space voyage interrupts the various sketches although the intent is to have it the other way around. Arsenio Hall's segment and the seductive women segment are also fairly entertaining. But as with the awful " Tunnelvision" and the fairly acceptable "Groove Tube" one has to pick and choose what they like. The space voyage segments should have been funnier to complement the sketches.
I saw this movie when i was about 14 years old, and i thought Disney's "Cinderella" was more frightening. It was predictable, and to me it looked like a bad copy of "Scream" and "I Know What You Did Last Summer". At least, it's the first horror movie that made me cry...of laughter! So, if you want to see a good,Norwegian horror movie, this is not the one you want to see. see "Villmark"(Dark Woods) or "Fritt Vilt"(Cold Prey) instead.(But no-one of them scared me so much either...) The only horrible with this movie, it's the fact that it was ever made!!! DON'T BUY IT! DON'T RENT IT! DON'T SEE IT!
The Road to El Dorado, hmmm, SUCKS!! This animated toilet water of a film made no sense at all. First of all, "The Road," What road? They were on ship from spain, and why the heck did the indians at El Dorado smoke cigars and speak English, kinda makes you wonder, doesn't it? It was a cartoon meant for children (originally) yet all they talked about was sex, and used provocative language, obviously not for children. It was too rediculious for adults, therefore, not for adults. Who was it for? I may be wrong or right, but just keep in mind that this is only an opinion of mine. ARAF/Crimson Guard
Hilarious early 80s cheese fest, worthy of the MST3K treatment that this masterpiece garnered. I watched this in the early days of cable so it has a certain nostalgia; it truly is amazing how these brilliant and tiny number of scientists can swiftly interpret the data at hand to come up with staggering conclusions to reshape mankind as we know it. Truly stupendous. A must for conspiracy theorists and fans of ultra cheesy sci fi. As movie critic Leonard Maltin stated: "Clickly made, but about as credible as the three stooges in outer space." I loved that line. As for the movie, it has a spot on my list of guilty pleasures.
Barely watchable, possibly one of the worst films ever made. To the director I would say: get a real job. It's not even funny bad like some old or dated cult flicks, it's just truly awful. Poorly crafted, derivative, unoriginal, amateurishly produced. Also borrows liberally from SBS TV's Pizza. If you are going to appropriate ideas, why not at least rip off something good? I've seen first year film student projects that are far better than this waste of space. One of the worst films I've ever seen by far. You can watch the whole thing on YouTube, but I bet you won't sit through the first minute.
The remains of a giant worm are uncovered at a Scottish village, and horror and hilarity ensues, or so hoped the filmmakers of this camp based on a Bram Stoker novel. Donohue is quite alluring as a mysterious woman obsessed with snakes. Davis and Oxenberg play damsels in distress, but Russell doesn't really take advantage of the possibilities presented by this trio of babes. Grant, in an early role, had not yet gotten down his quirky mannerisms, but shows an affinity for light comedy. While there is some witty dialog, there is too much nonsensical talk. The film has all the elements in place for campy fun, but becomes a bore instead.
We're back in the Great Valley again, and this time the haven is disrupted when the water that feeds it stops flowing. Instead of trying to discover the cause, all the dinosaurs stand about arguing and watch as their beloved valley gradually dries up and eventually catches fire. No wonder this lot died out. Eventually another quest plot kicks in and an avalanche of parental advice and anti-bullying sentiment ensues, the soppy moralising about sharing and working together more than living up to the film's nauseating title. It's all very well intentioned, I guess, but the cutesy-poo tone and irritating characters ensure there's nothing to engage any adults nagged into watching it.
Wow, this has got to be one of the most ambitiously godawful flicks I have ever laid eyes on. Made for a budget of about $3.89 with some of the most hilarious techno-babble ever caught on film. Our hero is a tall,skinny, rat-faced redneck with a dubbed voice. His sidekick is a skunkhaired testosterone filled she-beast with a dubbed voice. Throw in a fat waddling robot cop, a wisecracking robot, an incompetent "Indian" janitor, and a gal who agrees to drive around for 14 hours to help our heroes and you have one of the worst movies ever made. Try not to throw yourself over the nearest highway overpass after watching this.
When I saw this in the theaters when I was 9 in 1993 (you do the math) and honestly, as a kid, I thought it was OK. But then I saw it again recently (a few years ago), and it made Batman and Robin seem uplifting by comparison. This film is crappy when compared to the first (which was a masterpiece) and the second (which was OK) combined. Maybe kids will like it, but me, I found that just sitting alone with my own thoughts are more creative than watching this sad, pathetic excuse for a TMNT movie. By the way, don't the turtles seem more plastic now than ever before? C-
Its not the worst movie i've ever seen, but it comes real close to it...the stunts are OK, but you just keep wondering why the hell is nobody shooting their gun at the freakin'"class 4" when he's right in front of them, being surrounded by 5 people!! Second of all, the acting, it's just plain afwul. No emotions, and when there are, they are misplaced. I guess if you like English movies with no depth, bad effects, bad acting but a lot of fighting and shooting then you could watch this, otherwise just leave it... p.s. i guess the ones voting this movie 10 have probably been used as props!
Misses the mark and unmemorable. Jumping up and hitting one's head on something is mildly amusing once but it happens a lot in this film and gets tedious. Likewise, two strangers (one attractive) falling over and getting entangled just as the ugly party's wife or husband appears - a tedious cliché, and there's a lot of it here. Sid James, Hattie Jacques and Charles Hawtrey are greatly missed and although the others try to make good the deficiency the film just doesn't get going. At least Ian Lavender in a minor part was wasn't tempted to reprise Private Pike. My favourites in this film - Bernard Breslaw and Peter Butterworth.
I watched this recently on DVD and nodded off before the end. I have no doubt the artistically-minded will be up in arms but to be honest this is not really a film. A film should provide at least a semblance of entertainment, whether in action, photography, dialogue or story. The cast seems to be assembled from actual monks & country peasants but the naturalistic approach produces a result that looks entirely unnatural, with all the characters looking desperate to get their designated line into the dialogue. I was disappointed to waste part of my evening on this - heaven alone knows what a paying cinema audience would have made of it!
Smirnoff Ice is mentioned about three dozen times in this movie; it's even mentioned in the "Evil Alien Conqueror" theme song that's played at the end as the credits roll! For some strange reason, Tori Spelling wasn't originally credited in this movie, although her appearance as Jan is, in my opinion, the only thing that makes this movie worth watching. I've never seen her look anything less than fabulous, but her waist looks particularly long and slender in this movie. Unfortunately, the most skin she shows is her face and arms. Her most sensual and erotic scene is when one of the Evil Alien Conquerors feels up her hairy "unibrow".
No great lines, no memorable scenes (okay, maybe one with the old lady near the end), no interesting twists of fate, no comments on the human condition. A downer of movie, with unrelentingly unpleasant people being unrelentingly unpleasant. You never get to know any of the people or find out their motivations; just as well. If you're going to rip off David Mamet, you should at least have a real nude scene, not just some steamy pillow talk. Some decent acting (notably Ed Harris) and okay cinematography saved The Prime Gig from oblivion, but I could give it no higher than a 2.
I must say, this film accurately portrays the brass band world- in that it's a pile of sh*te. If you want to hang round with a group of drunk, middle aged, social retards; then I suggest you watch this film and find your nearest brass band recruitment officer and jump on board the road to hell (aka the continuously fruitless pursuit of winning any competition which comes even mildly close to worthwhile). Once you do that, you'll be considerably more than just brassed off. Thanks for listening, You've been a wonderful audience, Good day! P.S. This film's c**p (just in case you didn't get the gist of my rant)!
I rented this DVD for $1 as a weekly, and I still feel ripped off. I cannot imagine the production company made a profit from this film? I hope DEJ productions make a better film next time. Also, it looks bad when they use poor computer animation for some of their helicopter scenes. There seemed to be a lacking of logic in the way the soldiers and pilots carried out their missions. Poor editing too, probably just rushed. But what can I expect for $1. You may be able to get a refund on your money, but that is 95 minutes of your life you will never see again.
Michael Keaton is one of my all-time favorite actors, his style & natural performances in almost all of his films have made me a proud fan. 'The Merry Gentlemen', which marks the debut of the Legendary Actor's directorial debut is a disappointment. 'The Merry Gentlemen' is a dull fare, the film just doesn't hold. Keaton's direction is neat, but the screenplay isn't. The film has no pace, it starts with a dull tone and ends the same. The climax also looks artificial & abrupt. Talking on performances, Keaton is okay. This ranks amongst his weak works. Kelly Macdonald is sincere. on the whole... one expected much more from Keaton.
It was inevitable that we weren't going to like this Gaelicised take on the zombie movie. You just can't take Irish people being pursued by the living dead seriously. There's some pretty poor acting in here and the whole situation pushes suspension of disbelief a little too far. There are a couple of good moments, but anyone could throw a couple of decent jolts into such a genre film  it lends itself to them... I can't understand how anyone can bugger up such a simple format. They're zombies, the script writes itself... Alas, there was no respect here. No understanding of what to do with them. Poo.
"Land of Plenty" is not a film. It is a tombstone for the directorial career of German Director Wim Wenders. Many felt it in "The Million Dollar Hotel" and now "Land of Plenty" makes it perfectly clear; not only has Wenders lost it, he's actually turned into a BAD director, creating horribly weak and superficial stories and scenes. One might argue that the "time you lose it" comes for every director, but Wenders' case is extreme. It's as if he completely forget everything he knew about cinema and started all over again - only to get sloppish results. In a few words, this film does not deserve your time.
Sensational cast in Elia Kazan's adaptation of his own book concerning a married executive with a mistress who attempts suicide. Aloof, disjointed melodrama has stars Kirk Douglas, Deborah Kerr and Faye Dunaway suffering in a well-heeled vacuum. Dunaway released a slew of pictures in 1967-69 and was probably at the risk of being dangerously overexposed; she's gorgeously coiffed and manicured, but her heavily made-up face and cool personality doesn't involve the audience (one hopes that Douglas will simply come to his senses and let her go). All the characters here are fairly unsavory anyway, and the actors are not helped by the campy lines of dialogue and uncompelling conflicts. *1/2 from ****
A lot of stuff about how they have bloodthirsty fights, Some news article about Cocaine, Heroin, not a good influence for kids. Kids may copycat and end up in prison for rehabs. Search for: bra boys heroin in google.com, and bra boys cocaine in google.com, you'd get some news article results. If kids copy them, we'll get a whole generation of homicidal psychos running around all over the world. So, it's not good. If you want your kids to grow up, keeping away from drugs, homicide, prison, don't let them watch this one. It'll turn them into psychos. PLEASE for humanity. Don't copy them. Keep out of trouble, kids.
I have to agree. This certainly has the look of an-early '80's shot-on-video porn film minus the nudity and sex. Not only is this film hideously bad, I've only seen it available in cheap DVD box sets that force you to compare it to better films. The only reason I have it/watched it was that it came in a set titled SAVAGE SISTERS where it is included along with SISTER STREET FIGHTER (the reason I bought the set), TNT JACKSON, and the GET CHRISTIE LOVE! TV pilot. All those films are far better. Given how cheesy and dated they are should give you an indication of how bad HIGH KICKS is.
As awful as this is as a piece of film-making, it is pure comedy gold. The entire production reeks of egotism and pomposity, and the whole thing is amplified by the fact that nobody involved seems to realize how outrageous the whole thing is. The whole thing is really a tribute to Shatner's massive ego- though, to be fair, he does seem to have a sense of humour about the whole thing. Even the title is a pompous and pointless misspelling (how is "Spplat" pronounced differently than "Splat"?). I should add that the advertisements for "Creative Light Entertainment" that come before the movie starts are even funnier than "Spplat Attack" itself.
A sincere,but atrociously acted and flatly staged film version of the book, with no authentic period flavor whatsoever. Dickie Moore is so syrupy sweet you want to slap him; Irving Pichel tries very hard but is just adequate as Fagin, as is Doris Lloyd as Nancy, but William (Stage) Boyd acts as if he thought he were doing one of those corny silent melodramas. Lionel Belmore (not to be confused with Lionel Barrymore) gives a very stereotypical performance as Mr. Bumble, and nobody else makes any kind of an impression whatever. An embarrassment to the memory of a great author, and especially so when compared with so many other Dickens films.
What this is a bad movie. Well, when you start with a Diana Palmer novel it is hard to imagine that the result would be any different. While Joley Collins and Kevin Otto manage to rise above it and give reasonable performances, Jonathan Cake is out of his element. He is even more stiff and uncomfortable than his character calls for him to be. Although, he does manage a credible North American Accent. Young Blair Slater also manages to be appealing despite the script. Do yourself a favor and let me be the judge. It's not worth your time to find out if I am right or not.
I was sadly disappointed in this adaptation of a delightful Austen classic. Although the storyline loosely follows the book, many of the most important scenes were left out of the movie. What's worse, the heart and soul of the book (Fanny Price's shining character) is not portrayed well in the movie. At times, Fanny is fickle, indecisive, brash, and disrespectful, the complete opposite of the literary Fanny's character. Still, any movie based on an Austen novel cannot be all bad. If you haven't read Mansfield Park, or if you are not an Austen purist or accustomed to her superior style, you may enjoy it. Otherwise, expect to be dissatisfied with this film.
This show plays to the lowest common denominator. Pretty much every punchline is a predictable stereotype about gays and lesbians. I'm not sure who told Amenda Bearse that a mullet, in and of itself, is high comedy. Or that a really queenie guy fawning over Madonna constitutes a comedy sketch, but the woman needs a reality check. THis is junk, pure and simple. Believe it or not, gay people like me find all sorts of things funny and interesting and witty...it doesn't always have to be about homosexuality or, well, *sexuality*, at all. How about a show with talented, funny, smart performers? Just being gay is not enough to make someone entertaining.
a bounty hunter(Rutger Hauer)takes on a terrorist(Gene Simmons).while it's refreshing to see Hauer in a non bad guy role,there's not much else to recommend this movie. found it boring and tedious from the get go,right to the final credits.Robert Guillaume is also in the movie and is good,as always,but he is wasted here.Garey Sherman directed the movie.he also directed Poltergeist III and wrote several episodes of the TV series Poltergeist:The Legacy and he co-wrote Wanted:dead or Alive with Michael Patrick Goodman.i wanted to like this movie,but it just doesn't have much going for it in the originality or action and excitement dept.the most i can give Wanted:Dead or Alive is a 4/10
Stone is one of the worst movies ever made: inept direction; bad (funny) dialog, low production expertise and values, bad editing and endless boring sequences of motorcycles as if a bike on a road is interesting cinema. Yes, there is a big stunt, but that does not make a film. The movie is a boring and unintentionally funny, ridiculous counter culture trip that owes much to Easy Rider without a Hopper or Nicholson. Stone's special sentimental place in Australia must be due to the audience's thrill at seeing their own on film. Some movies should be banned to save a country total humiliation - and Stone is one of them.
I have no doubt the guys who made this film had some semblance of creating a complex character study of the post 9/11 political world, but somebody prodded them that drug use by teen hotties and sado-masochistic sex thrown in for good measure might help things along. Everyone in this film is fairly loathsome, with the Muslim extremist possibly coming off as the most sympathetic of the ensemble until the end. There is nothing special about the performances, mostly by b-movie actors. Lauren Holly as a hard line Republican US Senator maybe the most ridiculous bit of casting since Denise Richards was made a nuclear scientist in "The World Is Not Enough".
Hackneyed, shapeless anthology from the bargain basement. The six tales (that's six on my tape) are all shot outside, all dialogue-lite and all appalling. They were clearly made by people who'd only just found a video camera. Indeed, you actually see the camera twice reflected in surfaces. Vincent Price must have taped his contribution in a single morning and probably didn't remember it a week later. Waste not your time on this. The box says on the back 'in the tradition of The Twilight Zone' - in their dreams. How about saying 'In the tradition of a particularly bad, 80s, made for television scatty fantasy horror which are deeply tedious and insignificant'?
This film is based on one of an excellent series of detective stories set in the authors' native Sweden. Much of the interest of the books is their setting. Although they have the usual virtues of good detective stories, they are also a commentary on modern life in Sweden. I was therefore eager to see this film when it came out. Unfortunately, for inexplicable reasons the setting has been changed to San Francisco. This completely spoils it. Sometimes such a change is interesting or has no real effect, but in this case it destroys much of the interest of the film. We are left with a rather dull American police story.
What should have been a good story with a capable cast was actually hard to watch for me. Each scene seemed to be performed without any regard to the ones previous or following, and HD actually calls Jolie "Jolly" at one point (and no one caught such a basic mistake, which could have been easily corrected in post production audio work). The ending was predictable, and disappointing in its execution. Once the final scene was underway, the acting ended, and the audience was never treated to anything like a finale that would've tied up the loose ends. Unfortunate, given the talent available (and the cameo by Mickey Rooney). Sheesh.
This is a rip off of Bruce Almighty which is ten times more funnier; Salman Khan cannot act he is always screaming and making stupid faces while Priyanka Chopra is just as bad as Salman...Amitabh Bachan is okay taking over Morgan Freeman's role but the film is a complete copy of Bruce Almighthy and is very very bad.... This makes me wonder as Bollywood have excessive amounts of money in their grasps...why continue to make crap movies which are complete remakes and then deny the very fact that it is a remake. The Director should be banned as well as the producers...Can Bollywood not make any good films anymore?
When this movie appeared in the 1970's poll, I could not avoid laughing. I saw it back then at the local Drive-In with a date. This is classic Drive-In date fare. It is bad, but then, that is part of what taking a date to the Drive-In was about. You didn't want anything too good. It had sufficient scaries and jumpy spots to make it perfect date stuff. In the unlikely event you ever find a copy of this movie, grab your honey, pop some popcorn, turn out the lights and snuggle up on the couch (make sure you are alone in the house). The nostalgia trip with far outshadow the movie.
Frenetic, silly and a waste of time. This movie has nothing to recommend it. Clearly, someone had some extra money and time and decided that it would be charitable to give some B-movie actors some work. The result is a perfectly forgettable effort. The plot is most convoluted mix of relationships, back-stabbings and shootings imaginable. It's like a RoadRunner cartoon. Remember those? The endings were always predictable. The same is true of this movie. There is absolutely nothing to make it interesting. If you have any other way of spending 90 minutes then don't choose this movie. I suggest either studying your navel or thumb twiddling. Both are more exciting.
After seeing Point of No Return (a great movie) and being told that the original was better, I was certainly thrilled to see that one of the indie film channels was running La Femme Nikita. Then I saw the movie. Ouch! This was a major let-down. Nikita herself reminds me of Jar Jar Binks more than any other character I've seen recently. She comes across entirely as comic relief. The movie simply has nothing to recommend it besides the core concept of an evil, inhuman character paradoxically learning to be human while training as an assassin, and that concept failed miserably in Nikita due to the poor writing of the title role.
This episode is very interesting and it is start of a new era. This is the beginning of the Scully abduction story line, which increased and became a great success. Without the abduction, half the story line wouldn't have happened, all thanks to Duane Barry. Duane Barry is a very interesting character. Anyway, now I will say Good and Bad things about this episode, The Good: Wow, that was very brave of Mulder to go in there. =O Duane Barry talking in 3rd person. xD Finding out her might me lieing in the end. Wow. The Bad: The torture scenes. =[[ Conclusion: A good episode all over. 8/10
I saw this movie and found it extremely puzzling. The child, Emil, is the least sympathetic character I have seen since, "The Good Son." Emil is cold, calculating and manipulates the other characters with no conscience whatsoever. I found the ending the most curious of all. Emil attempts to murder Pat, and because he cries over it, and confesses the Nazis kept him in a dark cell for what his father did, the family forgives all. This seems to be a recipe for disaster. The end credits roll, but does anyone believe a kid that tried to kill before won't try to do it again when he doesn't get his way? Nuts!
This movie has all the elements I like. Donald Sutherland is one of my favorite actors, I like Science Fiction, Robert Heinlein is one of my favorite authors. I also like horror movies. How could all these potentially great elements be combined into one of the worst movies I've ever seen? It is forgivable to change the story, if the changes make for better filming, but in this movie the changes don't improve anything. The added material is pointless as well. I could go on for many lines, but this abysmal movie is just not worth wasting the time. What's the line? "They managed to snatch failure from the very jaws of success"!
Different, fun and like life itself doesn't have an exact Hollywood outcome. The main characters learns and teaches others. One of my favorite scenes is about the reason for taking off shoes before going into the house - it's basically so you leave the world and it's chaos outside your sanctuary and not to avoid getting dirt that can be vacuumed up later. Also, when you put two different cultures together you learn a lot about each. The good and the bad. There is some basic dishonesty in our own culture and also many humorous sayings that arn't to be taking literally. I also recommend renting Shall We Dance.
This movie was great. It had good performance and good concept. The concept is 2 guys who have locked up in a bomb shelter for twenty years or something reading Noir detective books from the forties. They come out of the bomb shelter in post nuclear world with Humphrey Bogart attitudes and clothes. All you do is imagine Bogart in Mad Max. Sometime you have montage with 80 music that are laughable, I don't know if it was intentional, but it adds to movie. filled with great jokes. The director has a fan base so do the actors I don't know what is the old up of the DVD.
Nowadays the "Matrix Style" is a common way to make an action-modern-kung fu movie, in most cases with strange results. But, damn, this "So Close" is SOOOO cool!! It has GREAT style and wonderful scenes. I gave it a 9 and I really think it deserves it. Of course, acting is not at the greatest levels of cinema history. But it's not bad and solves its object. Cinematography is great, with some scenes of pure beautiness. Direction is very good. Corey Yuen is really a good director (I also enjoyed "the transporter" another Yuen's movie) and uses the camera with great creativity. People who like action movies should be watching this movie now!
(Spoiler alert!) I was not excited when I learned of the show coming to television, but after they closed off the initial story arc and continued with new material, it took off and had the potential to be a great series. Separating The Crow as an alternate entity was brilliant and having Shelly remaining on the bridge to the afterworld held the original premise of the show. Also, Demascos was terrific as Eric. He maintained the look Branden Lee originated, and also made the martial arts natural and well-integrated into the action sequences. I only wish the series would get released in DVD so I could see the episodes again.
I first saw "With Friends Like These..." on video and assumed that it had gone straight to video. I should have known better than to think that! Portraying a circle of friends double-crossing each other with the aim of getting a part in Martin Scorsese's next picture, the movie pulls no punches. What can you expect in Hollywood?! A small movie, maybe, but a pretty neat one. I don't doubt that it offers a realistic look at things. And everyone does a good job in the roles. Starring Adam Arkin, David Strathairn, Robert Costanza, Amy Madigan, Bill Murray, Michael McKean...and yes, Marty himself in a brief appearance. The role of Mussolini. Hmm...
This is the story of a perfume counter saleswoman who puts a Christmas List in Santa's mailbox at the store she works in. Her wishes begin to come true, but they all have a slight twist to them when they do. This is a movie that manages to intertwine Christmas, fantasy, romance, and realism. Mimi Rogers does a superb job in the role she plays. This movie even throws in the "guy gets the girl and they live happily ever after" at the end for us hopeless romantics. Wish it was out on video or DVD, I would love to have a copy of it to keep with all the other Christmas Classics.
I'd say this movie definitely lived up to expectations I had from the ad trailers. A good mix of science fiction and cop drama, with the occasional good joke. Both my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Denzel entertained as usual, as did Adam Goldberg. Don't be turned off by the professional reviewers. Those guys can never seem to enjoy a movie that's content with being slightly unbelievable. If I always wanted believable, I'd stick to documentaries or the news. There won't be any Oscars coming out of it, but it was a action-filled thriller that kept me guessing till the end. If you liked the Island, this is right up your ally.
Oh my, oh my, oh my. Awful doesn't even begin to describe this moronic waste of time. This movie is really just an incessant cell phone ringing and someone picking it up looking harried and worried. Yet another reason to hate technology--infesting the movies now with cell phones to eat up the scenery. Wow, kept me riveted! This blech of a movie is pathetic and I'm a huge fan of science fiction. This doesn't exactly harken back to the good old sci-fi/B movies of the past--it is insulting and a grind to watch. I was hoping the locusts would eat everyone and start with the people with cell phones parked at their heads.
In one word bizarre. I can't think of any TV series stranger in a bad way. A robotic dog who fights bad guys, yes you heard me. Top that off with a theme song and opening that will have you on the floor laughing (think Wonder Woman opening meets robotic dog). Top it all off with suspense that never starts and aghh. If your a fan of bad television, I mean the stuff that's so bad its funny, well this is the show for you, run to your nearest library or video store and pick it up. If you're a fan of doctor who that thinks this looks interesting don't waste your time.
I saw this film in 1996 when I was in an English lesson at school. It as since remained one of my favourite films that I have seen again. Its a romantic comedy that is not bittersweet. Managing to do something no other film as done. Completely captured the atmosphere of high school and the small problems that being a teenager throws at you. The dialogue and characters are fantastic and the penguin sub plot is genius... Buy it now. It may look like a film about football, but thats a very small part of the film. So keep an eye out for it. Its on British TV a lot.
This movie is sheer visual poetry. Although it is in subtitles and I don't speak a lick of French, I found myself not needing to read the subtitles as the visuals told the entire story. This is rather impressive, as the story is very complicated. It tells the tale of one man's life by interweaving four different elements of his life: Childhood, Middle-Age, Old-Age, and a Film Noir Fantasy World. To give it even more of a chance of being confusing, these elements are not shown chronologically. However, "Toto..." is not confusing at all. It pulls off this complicated plot beautifully. This movie truly is a Modern Day Classic!! DVD? When? Criterion Edition!
I remember when I first received that movie. I fell in love with it right away. I could actually say the script word for word. "Keep your shirt on, she's coming!" Sandra was fun and exciting in this film. Her bubbling energy kept me laughing and glued to my seat. I recommend anyone to watch it for some innocent and old fashioned values. For example when Kim Novak was preparing dinner and she had salad and lemonade all sitting there before her family was home. Now, how many people have actually experienced that? It takes me to the time when life was innocent and we could use the word 'gay' to mean happy.
Both if you are interested or not in politic, or if you have different political ideas with the Director, you may see this film. New generations of every Latin American country must know what happened and how happened the facts, and Solanas shows everything in a perfect way. Anybody can see this documentary film, even if don't have any previous knowledge about the issue, and can understand the real reasons of the most important political, social, institutional and moral crisis in the whole Argentinian history. Like in "The Hour of the Furnaces" Solanas make too much with few economical resources but a lot of talent. Thanks Solanas for your dignity and your work.
This is not really a review but it must be said. I am English and watched the film on a cable channel that showed the film with no commerical breaks stating how the entire affair of the apocalypse was totally fictitious. And I must say that both myself and my innocent family sat through this apparently 'real' news flash and to be put lightly, I (censored)ing (censored) myself! I was 8 years old and it may well have scarred me for life and it left us hugging together infront of our tvscreen of static waiting for the alien meteors to kill us. But it probably doest have the same effect on DVD.
If you haven't checked out this show yet, then I suggest you do. It's a fun, light-hearted take on the whole Faustian bargain. Falling somewhere between Shaun Of The Dead and Idle Hands it's a truly like-able series. It consistently juxtaposes believable characters with fantastic scenarios. Ray Wise definitely comes out on top with his take on The Devil, anyone who remembers him from Twin Peaks will see glimpses of Leland Palmer in there, albeit a bit more over the top. Definitely a few plot points being dropped that suggest a deeper storyline ahead for Sam and his cronies. Can't wait to see how it pans out. MAKE MORE QUICKER!!!!
All the ingredients are there for a funny movie and finally the result is really poor. After Papy fait de la résistance,les visiteurs et le Père Noël est une ordure we know what to expect.... and.. no. It is unexpected and finally confusing and boring. Anemone (Claire Trouabal)as soon as she appears will give you a hope quickly destroyed by Götz Otto (one of the main actors (acting as Johnny Zucchini), unknown and certainly not ready to be discovered:-) Disappointing, confusing ... few funny scenes but why do we feel uneasy from beginning to end, you know, like when you drive a car with no gas thinking it can stop anytime?
The Secret Garden is a classic with all ages. This version is best of all. Actors and scenery captures the story for us, of a little boy, motherless because of an accident and the garden that claimed her life. The boys father keeps the garden hidden from all. Over grown like that of in 'sleeping beauty' no one even knows it is there, till the boy's cousin comes to visit a little girl, who breathes life back into the home, the family and this poor crippled boy. Family entertainment to a "T". Might need one hankie, for it can be very heart rending at times. Great film to have in your movie library.
I just watched and enjoyed the movie 'wordplay' but was concerned about the lack of black people featured in the profiles of those who do puzzles.It seemed a bit all-clean-white (male) American to me, which spoiled the excellent story, great cinematography and music. Surely black people do the new York Times puzzle, although due to intrinsic economic and educational disadvantages they may not make the top 10 - this probably goes for women, too. (Its probably no coincidence that the top contenders were predominantly male). Yes, I did notice a few co loured people on the sidelines, but it would have been nice to have one as a feature. Better luck next time.
This is the story of Ferrari, his personal life and the way he started as a racing driver and then founded the Ferrari company. Yes, this story is about the famous Ferrari sports cars, about the men himself who made Ferrari what it is today. In the movie we see the old Enzo Ferrari tells the story of his life, his women, his children and the people he worked with. This movie is pretty good, just a bit too long at some parts. I'm a bit troubled with the way it ended, they should have done the ending more clear. Watch it if you like the Ferrari cars.
I Like ManiRtanams movies But Geetanjali is something different and its a class of its own in the sense even if you see after 15-20 yrs its still looks fresh story. all the characters Justified it. They are lively and well suited. Ilayaraja supplimented this with excellent music. Girija acting in her first movie was the center of attraction as she suited for the role and acted very professionally. I wonder not to see her again in films. Nagarjuna did his job perfectly but the credit goes to the director who portrayed these roles and refined them. Hats Off Mani Sir. Expecting more from you like these classics.
A moving and inspiring story based on the struggles of the working class especially the Longshoreman. You learn the harsh reality of what it took and how much was sacrificed for workers rights to gain the benefits that are so much a part of not just the longshoreman but everyones rights in the workplace today. Anyone who strives for fairness, honesty and equality in their own life and in the lives of everyone around them should see this movie. Ian Ruskin's performance as Harry Bridges was a true portrayal of the man and his character. You find it hard to believe it is not Harry himself you are spending time with.
In the same era of true family entertainment movies like The Apple Dumpling Gang and Cloak and Dagger, I grew up watching this movie over and over again. Since Don Knott's recent death and subsequent attention, it seemed this movie was never mentioned. For whatever reason, I think it's terrific. Classic slap-stick for those of us who miss the days of real comedic screenplay, and also zero special affects on a mediocre budget makes it all the more real. The music is perfect and the Biltmore grounds even more so. If watching Threes Company reruns aren't enough to get your Don Knotts dose, then this movie is for you. We miss you Don!
This is a concept film that explores the role of movies as metaphors for our lives. I personally thought it was brilliant. While never said explicitly (that would have ruined the metaphor), I liked the implied parallel of Blake's "audience" as "God" or whatever spiritual force connects people to each other. Do movies have a role in our lives other than being our "chocolate-covered treats," something we give ourselves only when we feel we deserve a reward for all our work and hardships? Can movies in fact be nourishing? Can they inspire us to live more fulfilling, more productive lives? "The Movie Hero" addresses these questions beautifully. I completely loved it.
In one of many Looney Tunes cartoons involving classical music, Bugs Bunny is in concert playing Franz Liszt's "Second Hungarian Rhapsody" (despite claiming to have never heard of Liszt) but gets interrupted by audience members and then by a mouse. When I heard the tune, I remembered the scene in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" where Daffy Duck and Donald Duck are playing that song and keep undermining each other's performances. Hopefully, I'm not the only one who thinks that cartoons and Franz Liszt's music are a cool mix. Anyway, "Rhapsody Rabbit" is truly part of the pantheon of classic cartoons. You may just feel like playing the piano yourself after watching this.
So, you are tempted by anarchists? Be aware that "Johnny Black" is just waiting to spoil everything. Suddenly Nazis will be your best friends and you will loose your real friends, because those "anarchists" use drugs to control their followers. On "archive.orgy" funny clips from long ago can be downloaded, like the one that warns you not to get aroused by your boyfriend, because you will be pregnant at once and loose every hope. This movie is the 1990s version of such educational propaganda. Funny that these things persist in times of post-modernity, might be related to who's got the means to make movies? Difficult to imagine, for whom this movie is made.
German films are like a tombola.You pull a lottery ticket and mostly its waste money. But sometimes you have luck and your ticket is the jackpot. Caroline Link,the director,from Bad Nauheim,my home town,is with Tom Tykwer and Hans-Christian Schmid the only hope for the german film. It was her first film for the cinema and then it was nominated for the golden globe. Its a wonderful film. You can love,hate,dream,cry and laugh. The protagonists are all very believeable. Mrs.Link doesn t need any special effects or optical drumbaborium to tell her story. One newspaper wrote,as good as candle-light,and thats the perfect description of the film. And I want to add,as soft as snow-flakes.
I love this movie and have watched it more than any other film I own. What makes it for me is the subtle face acting of the two leads whose comic timing is perfect. Meryl Streep and Goldie Hawn have never been so good (plus this is the only film in which Bruce Willis doesn't do his trademark smirk even once). Every role is played to perfection and the script is a comedy work of art. I won't bother defending it to those people who need their jokes hammered home to them by comedy actors whose only way of getting a laugh is to gurn and fart. Each to their own.
Some movies suffer from titles that overstate what the movie can deliver. _Attack the Gas Station!_ is certainly not one of them. Yessir, you'll see a gas station be attacked. By my count, the gas station is attacked four times in the film's first five minutes. The last gas station attack becomes much more involved and lasts an entire evening, during which the gas station attackers and their hostages all learn valuable life lessons from each other and grow as people. Also, they are able to unite against a common enemy: some guy who drives loudly. Completely morally bankrupt, but likable. A hell of a movie. See it if you have the opportunity.
I am Turkish and I watch the show every week and have every single episode recorded,great show,i recommend every 1 to watch it,it is really amazing that we are so close to Greek friends,we must be brothers and sisters same culture living in different countries,I love grandfather of nazli and grandmother of Niko,every Buddy fits in to their role and the show is acted perfectly,i would say it is the only show i watch actually,I can give copy of all the episodes to any one if requested(in Canada,Toronto area only) I salute all of Greek friends.I love you people all except Turkish and Greek politicians,they are leading us to wrong way.Take care all.
I have sat through some crappy movies, but 53 minutes in, I just don't care. The movie has found my inner apathy and it has embraced it. It has some pretty B&W images here and there, but not enough to garner interest. Even Lemmy Caution couldn't save this stinker. In my mind's eye I see a buxom Bugs Bunny on the back of a fat horse and Elmer Fudd in a horned helmet. Into the mail-DVD-service (not the "red" company) return envelope it goes, unfinished, unenjoyed and rejected in favor of an hour of spider solitaire on my notebook computer. They should pay me to watch this one.
An interesting and somewhat mysterious tale of a middle aged couple who grow disillusioned with their dry cleaning business and find outlet with a cross dressing brother-sister-lover couple of performers. Their mutual obsession naturally leads to the demise of their relationships, businesses and ultimately their lives. The script is a bit dry, and lacks the punch that the subject matter is capable of delivering. Near the final act it tries to catch up as the homosexual attraction between the young man and the older husband comes zooming out of nowhere. A good editor would've suggested they drop some kind of hint earlier on. The abrupt and troubling ending leaves you satisfied.
Deep in the heart of conservative Utah, there lies the best little film festival in the world. In that little film festival, lies some wonderful movies, one of the best being Get Real, a gay dramedy (drama-comedy) with some BRILLIANT acting and a WONDERFUL theme, it was amazing and so well done. Each deep scene was followed by a light hearted part. Matches the brilliance of BEAUTIFUL THING if not surpasses it, depending on whether or not you want a more comedy or not. Get Real is an amazing piece of work that everyone should see. Based after the play "What's Wrong With Angry?" Get Real is sure to be a major hit!
Thin comedy rests solely on the appeal of the stars, and Rosalind Russell and Robert Cummings are a very companionable screen-team. She's a smart, sharp, yet somewhat clumsy lady lawyer--being nominated for judgeship--whose career may be hindered by her association with Cummings, the no-goodnik ex-husband still in love with her. Some funny set-pieces (such as Roz's bit involving a lipstick mistake) and a predictably sunny, smooth supporting performance by Gig Young as a dashing Romeo make it tolerable, but the script and characters are really second hand. There's a curious, but ridiculous skiing sequence that serves no purpose (except to make Cummings look foolish) and Norman Foster's direction is balky. ** from ****
You'd think that a series with two accomplished actors would be available on DVD based upon the current offerings of 70's and 80's material. Conceptually, I think this could work as a current movie vehicle. I think the comedic chemistry between Goldblum and Vereen was great. I never knew of the Simon and Simon or the Moonlighting link. Upon hearing that knowledge, I can reflect that I liked those shows as well. Once again, writing in the category of "things which will never happen", those are two other shows which I'd like to see published on DVD. I suppose Moonlighting perhaps has enough of an appeal and following where it may be available.
I love Peter Ustinov as Hercule Poirot. Forget all those other phonies who've tried to fill his shoes! Including that ridiculous Murder on the Orient Express! His sly, lovable demeanor rivals any of the great actors playing detectives- Peter Falk as Columbo, etc. He has a wonderful way of gaining the confidence and trust of each of his suspects, while probing them for information. You never really know who he suspects, and that's the fun of the mystery. He guides you through the maze like true detective. I have seen each of his delicious portrayals as the great, Belgian detective several times, and they just get better with age.
Wally has a girlfriend, not a wife. This was a fantastic movie - not for the film budget or special effects or anything - but for the verbal content. Andre's stories make you think about how mundane life really can be. Though his cures for the mundane are quite exotic and unrealistic, they make you wonder what you can do different each day to appreciate the world around you. They make you think about ways to look at things differently. If you're an artist of any kind, some of these thoughts are priceless. I would recommend this movie to those who are interested in performance art, unconventional and experimental theatre, philosophers, intellects, etc.
The Green Pastures enacts Old Testament Bible stories as seen through the eyes of rural black children. The movie begins in a ramshackle church, generations ago, presumably in the Deep South. As the Sunday School teacher relates the Bible stories we are transported to Heaven to witness the Creation, the Banishment from the Garden of Eden, the Flood, and the Exodus. An all-black cast, speaking in the rural idiom, and set in modern day (1930s) surroundings makes for one of the most unique movies you will ever see. All the pieces fit together perfectly. It's a joy to watch, deeply spiritual, and the gospel choir accompaniment is an added treat. Grade A.
A more intelligent and poignant critique of our Western 'capitalist dictatorship' (the words of our three anti-heroes!), you would not find, not even on the pages of my Brighton anarchist friends' 'The Schnews' (ah, ah!). And this is also a very intelligent, humane and absorbing thriller (for want of a better word, we all express ourselves by clichés, like Peter or Jan would say!) because Hans Weingartner is a consummate and devilishly clever storyteller and after the first few sequences you will forget where you are, and you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen! A must see for old radical firebrands like myself and 'capitalist slaves' (only kidding!) alike!
I first saw this movie on the Lifetime Television network after hearing some good reviews and seeing previews. The plot follows Gracie(Kristen Bell), a 17 year old girl who deals with trying to keep her brothers from being taken away from her and put into foster homes due to her drug-addicted and often absent mother Rowena(Anne Heche). With stunning performances from both Bell and Heche as the daughter and mother duo the film has real edge. With the supporting cast including Diane Ladd, this television movie surpasses the stereotypes of a typical movie-of-the-week. I strongly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to be inspired by a true story set to the screen.
I'll admit that I can't be the most fair judge of this movie. I'm a fencing instructor and so I'm pre-disposed to enjoy sword fighting movies. But, a movie where the romantic lead becomes a fencing instructor?? OK, you had me at 'hello.' Beyond that, every person who appears on-screen has the best costumes you'll ever see. In re-viewings of this film, my wife and I spend whole scenes saying, "I'd look good in that," or "That outfit would suit you." And we're talking about Renaissance fashion! So, you have sword fights, romance and period drama all at once. If any one of those sounds good you, you'll like this film.
Greatly enjoyed the development of the story line, the music and, not least, the acting. Lekin is very good work by done by experienced professionals. Dimple K. completely inhabited the character of Reva, while Vinod Khanna created an image of benevolent intelligence. The use of the first-class rail compartment, a most impressive Rajput Palace and the stark sandy desert provided an appropriate background, supporting the story without overwhelming the mystery. The music was well integrated with the story line, something of a departure (in my limited experience with Bollywood movies). My wife and I have been baffled trying to identify the instrumental- only musical theme which plays whenever Dimple's character Reva appears.
o9 my god how bad is this movie the plot: a space cop that was reduced to a 30 cm guy with a normal woman cop try to destroy some demonic toys!!!the big problem isn't the plot(ok its really awful)but the film himself. The toys are not scary are not well controlled and doesn't appear too much at the beginning of the story. Instead of them we see the past movies from the dollman and a other 30cm girl. Run from this movie away. I've seen it because it was on tv at 2 am and i didn't feel sleepy (too much pepsi)Better wacht child's play if you wanna see some evil toy!!!
I saw this movie as I had seen a good review from IMDb itself....moreover I was compelled to see this film as Dakota Fanning was in this movie........even though Kurt Russell was in this movie..........I expected it to be her movie and it was..........She is an amazing talent whom we had seen in I am sam,Hide and seek,war of the worlds,push,winged creatures............without much effort she delivers the beautiful performances and it makes me wonder..............The story has inspired me and has made me realise that to achieve anything we must believe.............even when odds are against us..............this film brings out true value of relationship and will to uphold the most thing in which you believe.................
Meryl Streep is fantastic, always convincing as a Polish survivor of a concentration camp. Rest of the movie is at turns silly, grating, and maudlin. Seems inappropriate to make the real life outrages of the Holocaust fodder for a sappy southern boy's bildungsroman. "Stingo" is an annoying Thomas Wolfe stereotype of the sensitive genius writer; unfortunately we are subjected to examples of his overwrought purple prose in voiceovers that sound lifted from The Waltons. If we only could have been spared the confession that his climatic tryst with Sophie was the end of his virginity; I had bad flashbacks to "Summer of 42". Still gets four stars because Streep is just so good.
This movie once again demonstrates Hong Kong cinema at its best. At the helm of the movie, Chow Yun Fat demonstrates magnificent acting skills as he is able to act in all types of characters, from being a man trapped in a child-like state, to ultimately being the "God of Gamblers". Andy Lau also gives a very note-worthy performance, as Chow Yun Fats sidekick (even though this is a much younger Andy Lau). The movie itself was pretty good, although I would have preferred if the movie was entirely serious instead of putting comic relief in the middle. Regardless buy this movie, it is a must for people who enjoy Hong Kong cinema!!
Pity Mercer and de Paul didn't quit with Jubilation T. Cornpone, the only good song in the show. A couple of the others had potential, but didn't achieve it. The script itself was marvelously weak -- characters were at best illogical and at worst just flat idiotic. If the object was to badly caricaturize hillbillies, senators, and scientists, it worked all too well. The acting tended to be wooden, with only three decent performances: Julie Newmar, Stubby Kaye, and Stella Stevens. A shame they weren't enough to rescue the movie. The dancers were very good -- unfortunately the choreography was very poor. On the up side -- it could have been longer...
Others have noted that the military customs and traditions were carefully observed -- not saluting uncovered, etc. -- but do not note that LCDR Coleman, in the scene where DiNozzo reveals CPL Yost's Medal of Honor, also snaps to attention but does not salute (she was not covered, being indoors; her hat was under her arm). The Marines, however, *were* covered even though they were inside since they were carrying arms on duty, hence coming to attention as well as the salute. Subtle point but shows the care the producers have taken to get most things right in this show. Very good series; this is an excellent and very moving episode.
Gene Tierney plays the beautiful but troubled wife of a wealthy psychoanalyst; she's suffering from kleptomania and seeks help from a nefarious hypnotist, who uses her for his own advantage. Otto Preminger-directed drama, from a novel by Guy Endore, has a terminal case of blandness. The well-coiffed picture is smartly-designed, but it is so starched and manicured that even the themes of blackmail and murder fail to cause much alarm. Tierney, her prim face permanently set in a super-serious freeze, has no character to play and falls back on externals; as the villain, Jose Ferrer gets off to a good start (much like the picture) but he quickly becomes monotonous. *1/2 from ****
Fascinating Cassavetes work has Ben Gazzara playing Cosmo Vitelli, a California night club owner who, after racking up a huge gambling debt, is given the opportunity to clear it by killing a Chinese bookie. Cassavetes's distinctive style allows for a raw emotional feel that couldn't have been captured by any other director, and, like A Woman Under the Influence, it puts the viewer directly into a very real world populated by very real characters. However, at points the film loses itself amid some of it's lengthy, nearly plotless sequences. Necessary viewing for Cassavetes fans  people looking for a straightforward story should look elsewhere. One of the truly unique creations of 1970s cinema.
Very good movie, with mixture of patriotism and romance. The acting of Kajol as a Kashmeri is really appreciable. Aamir is doing very good films, and by chance Rang De Basanti was also full of touch of patriotism. The songs especially "Chand Sifarish" is very sweet and the whistle in the song will surely become popular. Though other songs are good too, but it is matter of personal choice too. The expressions on Kajol face when she meets Rihan after having here eyes in her house not knowing him are also very good, the illusion she has is nicely filmed. The last fifteen minutes of movie are really heart touching. Recommended for everyone!!
I watched this mini-series because I had seen Paul Gross in Due South and Slings and Arrows. I don't have to be a "spoiler" to say that this was a truly inane mini-series. The issue of Canada withholding water from the USA was an interesting one that was quickly and completely drowned. There was good acting but only in scenes meant to show off good acting rather than to move the plot in any understandable direction (watch the interminable "mother of the prime minister" scenes). Dissecting this misconceived film is hardly worthwhile. Canada has a fine talent in Mr. Gross, but that talent doesn't extent to script writing. H20 does not hold water.
Anne Fontaine's movies always have some kind of strange relationships. In this particular one, a nice sweet girl, an insurance company employee, meets a strange vet who is quite mysterious ans fascinating, while a serial killer with a scalpel kills women in the area : we are just like Isabelle Carré (perfect as usual), because Benoît Poelvoorde is a pure magnet. We have always known him as a very funny comedian and it's quite a revelation to see him play this obscure character. Apparently, he was quite traumatized to play this part and he says in magazines he never will play that kind of thing again : that would be a shame !
Melannie finds her life as a hooker is much over-rated with a nasty pimp ripping-off his mob-associates & finding herself accused of stealing the missing money. Escaping to the suburbs she finds life as a future step-mom is just like that portrayed on TV. Helping the son of the bloke she has taken a shine to pass his school-biology presentation her past life catches-up when a former client recognises Melannie & demands her services. Unaware the stolen money is hidden in the car she is driving Melannie has no way to prove her innocence to her pimps mob-associates or rumoured mob-boss under pressure from the media leading to a life on-the-run.
An Action movie is made to entertain, and should always be taken at face value. With this in mind Air Force One hits the mark, despite some minor flaws it still delivers tension, drama and action in abundance. The cast is strong and full of believable characters, the story is compelling and the traditional dose of sentiment is added sparingly and to good effect. Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman both put in solid performances and they are well supported by the likes of Glenn Close and Wendy Crewson. Overall Air Force One is an safe bet for the average movie fan and should entertain most, without ever really excelling. 7/10
non-creative way of telling the story of violence of suburban youth in Turkey. No character is alive. They acts as in theater. There is endless violence without a cause or reason. Its main idea is that: "the judgment system is not enough for satisfying victims. Therefore they should use same violence to create justice" There should be revenge. And in this point, the victims become killers. Time mixing, giving role to famous directors (Zeki Demirkubuz, Cagan Irmak, and the director itself) can not keep away the film from being boring. It is excitement without excitement. The only creative idea is that while someone drinking tea or yogurt don't ask what time is it.
The Insider is the story of Jeffery Wigand (again Oscar-worthy Russell Crowe), a former tobacco company scientist that begins to rebel against his former employer. With the help of 60 Minutes producer played by Al Pacino. Wigand tells the story of what the tobacco companies do not want you to know. He then realizes that maybe everything he is doing isn't worth all he has lost, (i.e. his family, his safety, his job). This film was a real controversial masterpiece of modern times. It was nominated for 7 Academy Awards, and though I agree with giving Best Picture, Actor, and Director to American Beauty, this film should have won something, possably Best Screenplay.
Love, romance, action, thriller, surprise ending, history of triads and China/Taiwan/Japan/Hong Kong relations, politics, betrayal, and the good guys/bad guys win in the end (happy ending). So, how could it turn out so boring? Whatever your interest, there was too much of the other stuff and too little of whatever your interest might be. Maybe it was how poorly woven all the elements were? Maybe it was the not so surprising ending? Maybe you need to have seen the first five episodes in this series? Maybe you should skip this one! For aspiring filmmakers/cinematographers this could be a valuable lesson in why the KISS principle should be applied to cinema.
Freaks and Geeks is a great TV Show Freaks and Geeks is one of my favorite TV Shows of All Time along with Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, South Park, 7th heaven, One Tree Hill, Malcolm in the middle, Dark Angel, Friends and Doug Funny . The Show is really funny. My favorite character is Daniel because he is really cool. But I also like Lindsay, Sam, Bill, Neal, Nick and Ken and the other Geeks. I think the Show was canceled to early, only 18 episodes. But the Least Episode: Discos and Dragons was very great. Please vote on my Freaks and Geeks poll on www.misterpoll.com/polls/340570 Thank you
This movie really made me laugh, I loved the flavor, the "ambiance" of the movie, I was really there in Paris in the 60's. Some of the dialog are really funny especially the ones from aurelian vick and alice taglionie, some parts are very sexy. The music is amazing, I will get the soundtrack. The photo is also very nice, this movie remained me the spirit of the 60's, how the teens were at the time. The rock and roll attitude of the character is funny, the way they talk to each other, they way they danced. I recommend you to watch this, it brings you back in time
Let's give it its due. There is some nice amateur cinematography here. The story is interesting and much better than many horror stories. Unfortunately, the actors (who probably aren't actors) mumble their lines. There is little give and take or timing. There are a lot of street elements thrown in because I suspect the filmmakers know some of these people. Things unfold sort of slowly. Still, I was somewhat captured by the thing. I disagree that anyone with a camera could make this film. It's far from even a good film but I think the movie shows talent behind the camera. That's worth something. There are a few good isolated scenes as well.
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking is an insult to Sherlock Holmes and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. This film is a very bad serial killer film, and have nothing to do with Sherlock Holmes, actually it is an insult to Sherlock Holmes, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and to the viewers! The story is week, and predictable. The characters are nothing like the original characters. In the film Sherlock Holmes smokes cigarettes and not a pipe, and have a problem to solve a case that a monkey solves. A woman psychiatrist in the time of the film is another joke! This film is a real waist of time.
Bleak sci-fi begins with three astronauts who are forced to crashland on post-nuke earth after a nuclear holocaust. Much of the population has been wiped out, but those who remain are either savage mutant cannibals (who are first seen carving meat slices off of a severed leg) or unbelievably sadistic punks who imprison innocent people in a slave camp and are led by a fascist Hitler clone (Kenneth King). The special effects work (especially at the beginning) is good, the cast tries and there are some interesting things that happen, but overall it's a grim and unenjoyable film. The script could have used a polish or two. Score: 3 out of 10
As far as Crow movies go, this one kicked butt. It was also one of the best movies I have seen in a while. It's a shame that it never really had the publicity it deserved (I'm not even sure if it was even shown in our local movie theatre). Although it seemed to have a slow beginning, things really picked up. In the tradition of the prior two movies, it was just loaded with action, where the newest incarnation (or avatar) fought his way through thick and thin to right the wrongs placed upon him, his girlfriend and her sister. Overall, I gave this movie a 9 out of 10 stars.
This film is a real snooze, pretty much the empty filler between the more meaty movies on Something Weird's 3-movie DVD set on serial killers. I have seen a few Barry Mahon movies (probably the 'best' of which was "The Beast That Killed Women" and that's not saying much), and the man had no decent casts, no thrilling stories. He had flat-out NO discernible talent. Although his films were well shot, most of them require toothpicks to prop up the IL' eyelids in order to stay awake until the end. Terminally boring, although the film's one redeemable feature is the grimy NYC locations. Buyers of the DVD should just skip this one altogether.
I remembered that show from when I was a small kid. After each episodes, some friends and I played ninja outside in the woods near their house. I remembered key scenes like when The Master plays dead on the hotel room floor and I remembered Max's van. I recently got the series on DVD from Ebay. What a ride! It was as I remembered. A great show full of adventures. Typical of many shows from the 80's it involved the heroes dropping on some trouble or someone in danger in a random town... If you have the 80's nostalgia or are a ninja movie fan, I recommend seeing this show.
Somewhat of a modern-day "And Then There Were None," as a group of people all meet at a motel, get trapped their in downpour that has blocked roads out of the place......and murders start happening rapidly. Not everyone dies in this movie, however, and there is a very neat twist at the end. The movie keeps your interest all the way but the bad news is that most of the characters are profane and unlikeable, especially the women in here. The "ladies" are brutal! John Cusack, as "Ed," has the most interesting role, followed closely by Ray Liotta's "Rhodes." Neither of those two characters had last names in this story.
Dennis the Menace was one of the best movies I have ever seen. The actors were brilliant, there was not one part that no one would not laugh about it. Out of ten I give this movie a ten plus. The actor Mr Wilson (Walter Matthau) was the best of them all. Knowing that a 72 year old man could be that great in the making of this movie. it is a terrible shame that he passed away in 2000. I will miss him terribly. He had made heaps of movies that were fantastic and really funny to watch. Joan Plowright was great playing Mrs Wilson. She really knows how to act.
I recently saw this film at the London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival and enjoyed it but the casual viewer should be warned... Watching a film of this type is very different from watching a common film. Here the plot and the characters develop slowly. There is plenty of fodder for introspection. Like life, there are also parts that you may never fully understand. Overall the film is fascinating and I was drawn into it as much out of a sense of wonder, as out of the hope that it would start making sense. By the end parts do make sense and some parts don't but I wouldn't cut any of it.
Seriously! 30+ years later you still have to reference this show when discussing the Great American Sitcom. And, this is it. After all of these years, there is nothing quite Mary as Mary. No show has ever been better casted than this one. Each and every character was nailed to a tee by the actor/actress chosen for his/her role. Could Mary been played by anyone other than Mary Tyler Moore? Ted Baxter by anyone other than the late Ted Knight? Lou Grant! By anyone other than the oh-so-perfect Ed Asner? Murray? Gavin MacLeod pre-Love Boat! Rhoda!!!! Could anyone have nailed this better? Thank you Valerie Harper. No other faux-Jew could have matched you.
There are a great many movies out there that I love and that have inspired me. However, I have never found another film that I love to watch as many times as I can watch Pride and Prejudice, and it still moves me the same each time. This adaption of Jane Austen's novel was done to such perfection I would not change a thing about. The characters are all so lively and so convincing. Each character makes you feel so strongly about them, whether for ill or well. The characters of Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett are nailed by Colin Firth and Jennifer Euhle. This would have to be my favorite movie ever!
I saw this movie on the Starz channel. I'd never heard of it. I watched it because I thought that Jeff Goldblum, being a star, would pick good projects. This movie is one of his poorer choices. Theres not much I can say about this film other than it was boring and preachy in a very amateurish kind of way, with B-movie style dialogue and unconvincing performances. I walked away from watching this mess not giving a hoot or a holler about the Hollywood Ten, Salt of the Earth, the Blacklist and above all this dreadful "student" film. In fact I hope I never hear about it ever, ever again!
Nothing about this movie is exciting or clear; not the scenes, the characters, the plot line even. There is no characterization, no buy in to the folks who are a part of the "lost world". I can enjoy most any movie but this was difficult to even look at for the duration. Even for fans of b-grade fantasies or science fiction this movie does not provide entertainment. It was difficult to understand who the characters were or what was transpiring. The acting was flat or actually nonexistent as really 'acting' per se was absent. Additionally the special effects were cheesy and limited to say the least, reminding me of 1950's Japanese horror flicks.
I actually went out of my way to find this movie because I love giant monster movies, especially King Kong related monsters. The effects in this movie were so bad they were embarrassing. It's amazing that there were better effects in 1933's King Kong compared to this...I take that back...there were better effects in 1903's The Great Train Robbery compared to this bomb. It's tough to mess up a movie with giant monsters and decent looking girls...but whoever made this movie did accomplish this feat. Anyone who is curious like I was about this film stay far away as possible. It is a total waste of your time.
Never will I forget this made-for-TV movie. It should be professionally transferred to DVD medium! With sub-titles in various languages so that more people worldwide can enjoy it. The acting was fantastic. The impact of the script was unusual for any movie, most of all for a made-for-TV one. I have never forgotten any of the scenes or the characters --- and I am NOT a movie fan! Nor am I Jewish, and I am too young to relate to WWII events. After reading that Redgrave was anti-semitic, I am even more impressed with her acting. It was flawless, as was the acting of every supporting character, including those playing the Germans.
This film is the story of Harold Meadows (Harold Lloyd), an apprentice to his uncle, a tailor. He is very shy in front of girls and stutters uncontrollably in front of them; however, he writes a book entitled "The Secret of Making Love." His heart is caught by a wealthy girl he encounters by chance, Mary Buckingham (Jobyna Ralston). In front of her his stuttering ceases. She is, however, engaged to be married to another, undivorced man, and the plot advances from here. I enjoyed this film very much because of the many funny scenes that had me laughing all the way through; it also had me very nervous waiting for the ending.
This is my first time posting. I just watched Bride Wars on HBO. I loved it. Sometimes people take movies too seriously. It was not meant to be a Oscar worthy movie. It was just supposed to entertain you for 90 minutes. Yes, females can be catty. But the movie showed how two best friends can work out their differences. Every little girl dreams that her wedding day is going to be perfect. Some women do go a little crazy when it comes to their wedding day. Anne and Kate played their roles to the hilt. The dresses were beautiful. It was great to see Candice Bergmon in a movie again.
This film contains more of the real Spain than any other that I've seen. Funny, lovely, sweet and about real life. Best film to remember your country and the important things of life when you're away. Fantastic script, but gonna be really difficult to translate... If at any point you can understand this film in Spanish, you won't need to pass any real language test. Actors do a superb job as well. Photography shows the Barcelona out of design made of the small warm and sweet feelings. Maybe you won't experience that when you will visit the city or Spain but that's what make a difference...And I hope we won't loose it...Enjoy it!
I made the mistake of renting this on pay-per-view while I was alone one night. THE FEEDING might have been bearable with a crowd to make fun of it with, but flying solo, it was just excruciating. In addition to being dreadfully acted, the characters (and the script) is simply imbecilic. I was especially irritated because the dumbest, most volatile fool of the bunch...the one who's stupid actions get I lost track of just how many people killed....survives in the end. There are maybe one or two decent gore effects, but overall, they're as bad as everything else. Oh, and the monster suit wouldn't scare a kitten. But the nude scenes might! YIKES.
I first saw this film during a one year term as festival director for the Golden Film Festival. I knew the minute I saw it that it was an award winner. I. Michael Toth has created a visually beautiful and thought provoking work that successfully combines the elements of cinematography and drama. The piece is well, conceived, written, acted and directed - imaginative and unpredictable while relatively straight-forward and highly engaging. I am very confident that this film will experience great success, and that I. Michael Toth will go on to make a significant mark in American cinema. If you love independent film, this is one that you definitely want in your collection.
Definitely worth seeing. There is a lot of rubbish out there generally. A big budget and big hype certainly do not make a good movie but they make the general public and, even I am ashamed to say, me, more likely to see them. Which is unfortunate not least because movies like Gamerz can easily be overlooked. The story does not involve complex characters, what it does have is believable and honest characters that are easy to relate to. Its a feel good story which doesn't try or pretend to be more. It's easy to watch with some genuinely funny moments. While obviously not produced with a big budget, It's well crafted.
People may think I am exaggerating how jaw droppingly awful this movie is, but I'm really not. This movie has earned it's place in the Bottom 100. It's extremely stupid and the screenwriter clearly has no wit whatsoever. I noticed a lot of recylced jokes from early Mike Myers movies, but no one will notice because they too busy staring at Justin Timberlake's fake bulge. Expect a ton of jokes about poop that aren't remotely funny. A five year old could've written this junk, and it would be superior. Do not waste your money on this offensive piece of crap (Yes, I'm offended by the way they are representing American filmmakers).
But with him it's just half-garbage. Really, you have to be very desperate to call this movie a good comedy. Yes, it has funny points, mostly played by Jack Nicholson, but generally it's a failure as a comedy. It's one of the movies, which's trailer consists of all jokes of the movie :-) + i cannot understand why Sandler is still used as a comedy actor. He's not much of an actor at all, though Punch Drunk Love was good (goes to show what a good director can do). But casting him into comedy is same as calling Britney Spears a serious singer. Already an idea is ludicrous. Rating: 2/10
When I first reviewed this movie on my website, I was very harsh regarding the acting. In retrospect, I was far too critical. Since then I've learned a lot about this movie, how it was made, and when. It's important to realize that this was made by high school kids! If you keep this in mind when you watch, it is in fact a terrific achievement, and a testament to the drive of young minds. It has cheesy moments sure, but as a whole you have a full-out feature based on a popular series, and it's well done for it's age. Check it out and get inspired to do one of your own..
Seriously this is in my top 10 worst movies of all time its position would probably be around 4. I think this movie is like pointing a gun at a child's face watching them scream moving the gun away from them then pointing the gun over and over again at their face disturbingly funny yet immorally wrong, why don't these actors think am i actually in a movie like this or why Michael Dudikoff is in any film for that matter. Overall this movie was a complete toss fest and should be watched by anyone who loves action movies that are never suppose to have been made..................................I needed an exorcism after this movie
Unique, amazing, massive project thoroughly documenting the expansion of the United States into the vast territories of the American WEST. Brutally honest, sympathetic insight into the fall of the many Native American peoples... some of the material is painful, sometimes bleak, but an absolute MUST SEE for any feeling person with even a passing interest in the history of America. Outstanding photography and the classic Ken Burns look & feel (executive & senior producer), but with director Stephen Ives' own insightful point-of-view. This series ranks right along side Burns' "Civil War" in scope and depth, IMHO. See it anyway you can, then demand the set on DVD! (DVD not available at this writing).
Excellent movie. I loved it so much I searched until I was able to find a place to pre-order it, & I'm glad I did. I have watched it many times, & everyone I've shown it to has loved it also. It's an incredible story portraying Native American legends, and also shows the struggle that modern day Native American teens go through when trying to find their identity. Anyone with an interest in history or Native American culture should watch this movie!! I do agree with the previous comment that when it aired it was annoying that it was constantly interrupted with commercials. Much better to have the DVD & watch it commercial-free!
"Righting Wrongs" is a great showcase for all involved, with solid martial arts action throughout. Yuen Biao shines, and I've never seen Cynthia Rothrock, and Richard Norton do better. But, I have to point out that there are 2 quite different versions available. The original HK version is available subtitled as "Righting Wrongs". but, there is an English-dubbed UK version, known as "Above The Law". This is not just the usual re-dubbing. Most of the film remains extremely similar, but the conclusion has been extensively restructured, and ends quite differently from the original! either film is just amazing, an early showcase for Corey Yuen's skill, exploited so well by Hollywood, now.
Loved it, pretty hard edged. Lot's of profanity. Not every bodies cup of tea I guess. Aimed squarely at the Playstation generation. If you like Grand Theft Auto then this film is right up your alley. I'm certain our mum will hate it. I doubt your dad will like it either, but if you're a young guy, and have a twisted sense of humor....rent it now. The way they made it is amazing, shot half the film in one day. Steadicam shots are totally amazing. Some takes are nine minutes long. Lead actors are all brilliant, the dialog's very natural, almost feels like adlib. That takes real talent. Dry Cleaners scene is legendary.
John Woo is a true artist, and he lets it show in this movie. More than any other contemporary action director, he paid real attention to the style of gun battles. And that's what this movie is: lots and lots of gun battles. There is nothing else. Just bullets flying, people dying. So after you get over how massively influential and incredibly cool this movie was and is, you might feel a little hollow from the relentless nature of the violence. It wasn't quite as bad as Natural Born Killers in this respect, but I still felt slightly queasy after two hours. But maybe it's good that extreme violence can still shock me...
Finally had a chance to see it. Goulet and Howes have such rich voices. Production values are 1960's, but if you get away from the fact that they are singing/acting on a set, what a joy to see. Definitely plays better as a musical then the dance/musical of Gene Kelly and Cyd Charisse (although that version would have been great, too, if they didn't film it on a set. Also, Peter Falk plays Goulet's friend. And he's not just comic relief - he actually acts and is the voice of logic for Goulet, who believes he may be hopelessly in love. The songs are thoughtful, wistful, even sad in a heroic way.
AND the soundtrack CD too!!!! I watched this BEAUTIFUL movie twice at the Cinema. It has NEVER been on TV here, that I know of.... I used to have the LP record soundtrack but 'lost' it years ago before going overseas (Grrrrr) How do we go about getting a petition or whatever for the film company to release a DVD and CD soundtrack???? Another I'd buy five (5) copies for sure... one for each of my three daughters, (only one was born when the movie was made) and keep two for myself!!! I too discovered John Denver through this movie, but MUCH preferred Cliff De Young singing the Sunshine songs!
"Vic Reeves Big Night Out" is stupid humour for the very juvenile mind. There is more intelligent humour to be found in a children's day care center than in this show. I like surreal humour as much as the next person, but I swear I could feel my brain cells dying off while viewing this waste of time. Fortunately, Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer redeemed themselves later with the enjoyable and stimulating Randall and Hopkirk(Deceased). If you have not yet purchased this show on DVD, keep "Vic Reeves Big Night Out" out of your DVD collection. If this is what a Big Night Out is like, I'd rather stay in.
An underrated time dislocation episode about an aging stage actor (Brian Aherne) in an unhappy second marriage to a much younger floozey who finds himself extremely nostalgic about his past. His travel back to the past takes unexpected turns, and makes a sharp lesson for him and the viewer. The twenties are stylishly and movingly evoked, with Pippa Scott making one fantastic flapper. An extremely young Sydney Pollack shows up in the present, playing an obnoxious director (there's a stretch!). But the show is Aherne's and he does a wonderful job with it, reminding us of the quality actors this series attracted. Nothing horrifying or scary, but it's one that sticks with you.
I saw this movie at the Sundance Film Festival, and it move me to tears, not only during the screening, but for days afterwards. The film was deep and beautiful, and I enjoyed every moment of it. This is a poignant piece of a father's struggle to find what love means to him, a search which he completes not through his dog-like love of women, but for his son, a true and more mature love. Anyone who dislikes this film is simply too ignorant to comprehend its scope and depth. I thought it was well written, well directed, well produced, and the acting was top notch. I give it two thumbs way up.
When thinking of this movie, the only word that comes to mind is AMAZING. From start to finish, one of the best gangster movies ever made. All of the key actors; Oldman, Penn, Harris, and Wright, feel as if they were made to play each individual role. Right on the money. These aren't even the best parts of this film. Director Phil Joanou uses such wonderful music throughout the film and blows us over with one of the best filmed endings in the past 25 years. Without a doubt one of my top ten!!! But don't take my word for it, see for yourself. If it would only be released on DVD soon.
In the monster category, go past vampires, werewolves, zombies, giant reptiles and put a check mark next to "incest freaks" 'cause that's what you're dealing with in this lame movie. It's about 2 sisters who inherit a hotel in the backwoods somewhere where, unbeknownst to them, there are 2 murdering incest freaks running around in the same location. The movie never really explained the gratuitous brutality of these two. If you want to see a weak movie with some cruel scenes then this may be for you. The rest of you: "Staaay the hell awaaay!!!" Love, Boloxxxi. P.S. Props to the nice ass of the brunette sister(Tara Gerard). She deserved better.
Impressive acting by the entire young bunch! Kudos to each one of them for uplifting the film to a classic height. Looking at their spontaneous acting, its hard to imagine a camera rolling before them. reminds me of those Latin American movies about life. awesome plot and superb direction from one of my favourite directors, Anjan Dutta. the humour is very Bong, very clever and superbly handled. never a moment felt dull or plastic. Reeks of immense homework on the psyche of the NRI Bongs out there. The film made me homesick for my beloved city. wish to go back. thank you for a great film, Mr Dutta. you made us prouder.
Creators Seth Green (Austin Powers, Family Guy, Idle Hands) and Matt Senreich bring you priceless comedy and social commentary in the form of stop-motion animation. Green uses his extensive knowledge of all things pop culture to create spoofs of everything from Star Wars to Mr. Rogers Neighborhood. The majority of characters are shown as familiar action figures (everything from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Transformers, and even Voltron). Fans of classic 80's shows such as G.I. Joe or He-Man will find their favourite characters once again return to life with new demented and funny attitudes. Those providing voices include: Seth MacFarline, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Matthew Lillard, Linda Cardellini, Breckin Meyer and more!
Khamosh Pani a.k.a Silent Waters (Urdu/Punjabi-English Subtitles) is an extra-ordinary feature film i've ever seen till date. It is totally belongs to Sabiha Sumar all the way. In short it is totally a Director's Film. Every scene of this film shows and portrays the hard work gone into it. Every actor in this film performs very well. Especially Kirron Kher & Amir Mallik steals the show. I think this film is a treat to watch. Every frame of this film has something to say and discuss. A truly learning cinema. Sabiha Sumar gives a work of Masterpiece in her debut. Kudos to the film maker for revealing such a beautiful cinema!!!
This script is perfection. The directing is awesome. The actors are---every single one---sexy. The plot is surprising. The climax is heartbreaking. The depth of these stories is revelatory. The dialogue is witty. The characters are cherishable. The editing is astonishing. In summation, this brilliant film is revealing, true, brutal, funny. Sexy are the actors. Sad is the plot. True is the reflection of these lives in these times. Sexy are the actors. Sad is the story. True is the movie. Perfection is the movie. Bravo to all. I don't get this minimum of 1,000 words. I loved this movie. I will say it again and again. And it's sexy.
Cramp Twins goes over a set of Twins Lusinen have the grand smart brain And Wayne have the dumb but artistic brain They have there good times And they have there bad times But The Cramp Twins gives grand trouble Lusine must to be get by Wayne of the quarter And they must to be laughing for 4kids They have a own house Mom; Some Times is she smart ; some times is she not Bette than the bad workers They have times of harmony and they have times of grand trouble !!! The Cramp Twins is on 4kids TV and is GREAT !!!!!!!
I love watching Inuyasha, I've been watching for quite awhile now. My favorite characters are Inuyasha(he is so cute0, Kagome, Shippo, Sesshomaru, Miroku, Sango, Shippo and Kilala. I have three of the Inuyasha movies. Me and my best friend made up a game where we meet the Inuyasha characters and we end up falling in love with our favorite characters (Inuyasha and Sesshomaru), getting married and have kids. My younger sister also likes it. I like it when Kagome tells Inuyasha to sit when she gets mad at him. I hate Kikyo, Koga and Naraku. So if you haven't seen this show yet, watch it, I'm sure you'll like it because I do.
It is this movie was awsome I mean it's like i'de even watch all the others if it weren't for Jason and the gore. I dont care if it's WAY WAY to unrealistick that he comes back too life after being blown into billions of peaces. The only thing I find stupid ( and it's not even that big a deal) is that you can only see Jason in front of a mirror that kinda bugged me but then at the end when he is reborn it gets much better. And the whole (new line) insider was kinda stupid too. I think the Jason films are much better than the Freddy's anyway. 9/10
Yes, looking @ release date and others' comments, you'd pass this one by...But take another look : It's a road movie, which is a great and under-utilised genre; It's got grim humour coupled with a ghost-line (not bad); It's got good character actors; Its script is tight; And I come from the place where they filmed Mad Max (before the US dubbed it : cringe), so give me some credit for knowing films that use deserted environments ! Someone had an idea with this one and got 3/4 of the way there. It isn't Duel but it's not a waste of a Coke & popcorn for 90 minutes either.
Absolute rubbish-no way does this story connect to anything resembling reality. Its a hotch potch of unfinished ideas and the most absurd plot line imaginable-the patients NOT injected are the ones who end up infected! Suddenly 5 people are shot and killed just like that. At the beginning the patients on the ward are cackling then suddenly they stop. There have been some great movies made with the mental home theme but this isn't one of them. I thought it can't be me-does anyone else understand this junk? Its either too damn clever for its own good -in which case its enough to give your brain a hernia-or perhaps its me who's mental.
Daffy Duck is elected into congress. Seem the perfect opportunity for hilarious madcap hijiks to ensue, but alas they don't. Nope, this is an educational short to tell the young ones about the three branches of government. It pretty much fails at saying anything more then what those three branches are and leaves it at that. Not really that educational at all when you think about it. And as such it doesn't warrant multiple viewing, heck I'd be hard pressed to say that it even warrants one viewing. This recent animated short can be seen as an extra on Disc 3 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2. My Grade: D
Originally made for the cinema, this film was deemed so awful by the distributors that it resulted in a straight-to-video release. It's easy to see why. 'Caught in the Act' desperately wants to be another 'Four Weddings and a Funeral', but it's stupid, pointless and completely unbelievable. The trio of female leads turn in terribly childish performances (especially the annoyingly-voiced Sara Crowe) and the supporting actors are even worse! With a juvenile script and stereotyped characters, the movie seems to be stuck in a 1950's timewarp. Only the acting of comedy veteran Leslie Phillips raises the level above utter farce. 'Caught in the Act' is embarressing and ultimately very forgettable.
My advice is..Don't spend your time and money on this movie if you have any another way to do this. First part was good and i enjoyed it. It was typical "better than average" Hollywood movie for me, someway interesting and entertaining . Unfortunately can't say this for the second one. Boring and unconvincing acting,"Made in toilet" storyline.. and so on. It looks like the only mission of this film is a "continuation of financially successful idea". Well as I said don't try this at home until you have one of those "nothing to do" evenings or you are hungry for any hollowman-based action...and sorry for my English if it too bad :)
Because I loved "The Howling", I decided to try this one. While it was a very suspenseful film, with lots of moody atmosphere, it went on forever without anything happening. I mean, I believe in character development, but this took it to extremes...actually only an inch or so away from boredom. When the werewolves finally do show up, they weren't all that bad, but they were only seen for a few minutes. In all seriousness, this film is even worse than the "American Werewolf in London/Paris" flicks. Instead of wasting your money renting this turkey, watch "Bad Moon", "The Werewolf" (the 1950's Steven Rich version) or "Dog Soldiers"...those are really outstanding werewolf movies.
This picture is most unique, and is really superb in terms of generating interest and capturing the audience's attention. There are excellent performances from great talents like Rosie Perez and Wynona Ryder, and a wonderful early glimpse of Roberto Benigni as the very explicit Italian taxi cabdriver in a scene that is absolutely hilarious. This is a classic small film-it works wonders on the small screen- imagine what it could do as a blockbuster, though it's small screen image gives it an extra boost. In order to catch great films such as these you either have to watch Bravo or attend Film Festivals, which is what makes films such as these rare gems.
I got this film after reading the back of the cover. It sounded wonderful: An exploration of the five senses through the lives of five people that interconnect. After watching the movie, I wondered where the movie that the box described went. I didn't learn anything about anything. The only good thing that has come from this film is the quote "I'm tense because your making me tense." Its been awhile since I saw the film, but I do rememeber that this film does not live up to its expecatations at all. If you've only seen Hollywood movies, then you might think that this is art, but otherwise, your in for a dud.
Lacking a budget makes for a sub-par 50s creature feature. Radiation again is the blame for A giant creature attacking mankind. Massive amounts of dead fish wash ashore and a man dies of burns from the radioactive beams projected from what will be called The Behemoth, from the Book of Job. The creature is a giant brachiosaurus that attacks ships and submarines before converging on the city of London. Destroying the monster presents the problem of releasing devasting levels of radiation contaminating the entire country. Filmed entirely in England and is actually a remake of 1953's THE BEAST FROM 20,000 FATHOMS. The players include: Gene Evans, Leigh Madison, Jack MacGowran and John Turner.
What I liked most about Jim Tushinski's film was that he avoided "commenting" on his subject. In the true spirit of the documentary he leaves it up to the audience to draw their own conclusions concerning Peter Berlin, his motivations, and his inner life. Peter remains an enigma through much of this documentary and is dubbed the "Greta Garbo of porn". I found the film very thought provoking. "That Man: Peter Berlin" joins the pantheon of gay culture and the interviews by such gay luminaries as John Waters and Armistead Maupin are an added treat. If you liked this film check out Jim's "Jan Michael Vincent Is My Muse". It's touching and humorous.
90/100. This is one of Edward G. Robinson's best films and one of the best comedies of the 1940's. The supporting cast is amazing, Edward Brophy, Anthony Quinn, Jack Carson and Harry Davenport are excellent, but it's Broderick Crawford that steals every scene he is in. Look for a very young Jackie Gleason as the soda jerk. The adapted screenplay by Everett Freeman and Edwin Gilbert from S.J. and Laura Perelman's play (The Night Before Christmas) is outstanding. It moves along briskly and there is never a dull moment. Funny situations, great dialog and it is unique and different. I am very surprised this film is not better known, it's a fine classic.
BEHEMOTH THE SEA MONSTER is a stunning masterpiece of old-school shock cinema which needs to be seen in its full uncut, grimy glory in order to be appreciated. I first saw this late-night camp classic when it was released in the late Fifties and clearly recall leaving the cinema with a fetid taste in my mouth. BEHEMOTH is certainly one of the greatest depictions of monstrous evil yet realised for the cinema. The effects are simply stunning. By the way, it's a crime that this perfect gem hasn't yet been let loose into the world on DVD so that the digital generation can marvel at its horror. Oh yes, Behemoth *will* live again!
This movie is an impressive and exciting story about the people,their feelings,love,desperation,anger and hope.Although the scenario is a little bit melodramatic , the film is a must indeed.It is quite different from the blockbusters with happy ends because it is real and outstanding.Several lives and fates are mixed in it.Every character has his own unique personality.They all have to take decisions for their lives and have to fight for happiness.The actors are very nice.The stunning Hayek makes a good performance .Gomes Krus is also convincing as a man who becomes gay after 30 years marriage.The supporting roles are also well-played.Don't think that this is some kind of soap opera- it is something deeper...
Indigo was delightful. It provided a wonderful story line about family values and families working together in times of trouble. It was captured in a gorgeous setting, and it educated me about these gifted Indigo children and the difficulties they face. It seems that the emphasis and lessons of the movie was learning how to accept one another as they are and offering love and support in an unconditional manner. In summary, I have recommended this film to my friends as a good one to take all the family, and I would like to see more films of this nature in the theaters as I might go more often. Roberta
This is my first written movie review ever. I never heard about Astro Boy before today. I decided to go ahead and watch it based on IMDb grade. And only thing left after seeing it was a wish to warn others not to see it. Except if your a kid up to...let's be generous... 9 years old. Characters are one dimensional and stereotypical, plot is just plain stupid and unimaginative and at (lots of) times doesn't make much sense. Only mildly interesting characters were the RRF robots. Didn't get the point when President is still speaking of reelection after being absorbed by a giant robot destroying city. You were warned.
This movie was my choice for the kid's afternoon but the both of us regretted it afterward. I admit that I have dozed off watching it, which is maybe the first time it happens for me in a theater! This isn't a bad movie because you could find worse. Surely, the design is outstanding and the characters show their feelings as never before but they can't make a movie by themselves. Nevertheless, it's dull because it lacks a story. After a good start, it becomes a wrestle event with endless fights! With robots becoming berserk, it reminds me of the much-criticized Robocop 2, which offers a better script and thoughts than this one.
This made for TV drama is a re-make of a 1953 film called "Inferno", directed by Roy Ward Baker which featured Rhonda Fleming and Robert Ryan. "Inferno" was shot in 3-D. "Ordeal" is an effective re-casting of the original, but Arthur Hill cannot match the grim intensity that Robert Ryan brought to the role of the stranded husband. Diana Muldaur, while lacking Rhonda Fleming's glamor, is actually more convincing in her role as the faithless wife. On the whole, I slightly prefer the original, but the TV version is certainly worth your time. Oddly enough, the male actors who play the lovers of the women in both films are equally bland and ineffective.
While this movie boasts quite a string of genuinely scary moments, it is essentially a collage of already successfully tested horror plots. Agoraphobic heroine, Serial killer, Ghost of serial killer, etc. It even has the obligatory paranormal investigator. Nothing stands out as truly original. Honestly, I've seen worse acting in supporting roles but not very often. The lead role was executed quite well. In fact, I would not be surprised to see this young lady do well in future movies. Again, it is quite scary at times and I suppose that's the point, eh? Also, the music was pretty good. Anyway, if you are a horror movie buff, then watch it just because.
This movie was very good. I'm surprised that the discussion board is so dead, along with the votes. It deserves a lot more publicity. It had fantastic acting, special effects, action...basically everything you want from a movie. When I saw this movie, I thought that IMDb would be full of users discussing it, but I realized that it wasn't as well-known as I thought. Well, that was a shocker for me. The movie was great, way better than I had expected when I saw it on the shelf at Blockbuster. Buy it, or at least give it a chance and rent it. You wont regret it. Go see the movie, it rocks!
Okay, I'll admit that I had a pretty good idea of what to expect before I actually sat down to watch this flick. But this film didn't even pretend to have a plot. It was just sex scene after sex scene, which can get boring pretty fast. Now then, if you are just dying to see soft porn (with no storyline, just the sex), this is certainly a good choice, for it is plastered with wall-to-wall nudity and sexuality. But as for the story...what story? This is a movie that should be watched only with your brain turned off, much like the writers had their brains turned off when they scripted this disaster.
I wasn't expecting to much from this movie but was pleasantly surprised. Though the plot is a quite far fetched I couldn't help but fall in love with this fairy tale. So often with modern Hollywood comedies the laughs are from base and uninteresting humour. Not so here. The jokes are well thought out and do not challenge ones intelligence. I'm not a prude and the humour here is not prudish. Sometimes very subtle....as when Grant admires Loy's breasts at their meeting in an upscale restaurant. A prime example of a 1940s screen writer slipping one past the Hollywood censors. This movie has no dead spots...no lulls and entertains from beginning to end.
I think this was an entertaining movie! It delivers what I've expected, nothing more nothing less! It has a Few turningpoints which was good. But the movie was easy to figure out like most action movies is! But i watched it cause i knew what i was getting!! Entertainment!!! Snipes always gives you what you want! If You rent a snipes movie,you know what you get!You get action,and if thats what you're after, You've picked the right movie:) I'm not at all disappointed! Snipes keep on track! don't start making comedies like other action actors! Nothing new here, but i was entertained:) Thank you snipes for many entertaining hours in my sofa:)
This wasn't too bad a movie. It was basically about following your dreams and dealing with adversity along the way. Although I had basically seen the movie before with different titles (if you get my meaning), I thought the movie was good. Izabella Miko was good in the lead role as she performed the dance scenes well. Those scenes, by the way, were spectacular! (especially the ballet scenes and the part at a night club) While the themes of the movie were familiar, I found this movie to be refreshing and a good way to spend less than an hour and a half. I would recommend it. ** 1/2 out of ****
This is about Spain in the 70s, with the falangists still in power. A salesman of dictionaries about the civil war is about to be fired. But his boss gives him another opportunity: Start making porno films together with your wife for my company. They start doing so, but there are conflicts of course. This movie can't decide if it is a comedy or a wannabe tragedy and it ends in neither. This could have been mostly funny if the creators had done more of the 70s feeling, but they don't. And in the end you laugh more at the persons you ought to feel sorry about. Not a must.
Alfred Hitchcock directs a superb cast in this murder drama set in England. Drama student Eve Gill(Jane Wyman)pretends to be an aid to London theater star Charlotte Inwood(Marlene Dietrich) to prove that she murdered her husband. The proper Alastair Sim plays Eve's father. Inspector Wilfred Smith(Michael Wilding)is in shrewed pursuit of Jonathan Cooper(Richard Todd)to charge him for murder. The high society singer may find herself the victim of a double cross exposing her ill deed. Featured is the sultry Dietrich's version of Cole Porter's "The Laziest Gal In Town". Suspenseful and close to being predictable...but not. Other players: Kay Walsh, Miles Malleson, Ballard Berkeley and the debut of the director's daughter Patricia Hitchcock.
We all know that Jim Varney has constructed a career out of annoying, unexceptional, and almost slapstick comedy; a deadly combination. There is supposed to be some kind of hidden comedy (think Letterman) in Jim's seemingly desperate attempts to be funny and pseudo incompetence. He plays an incompetent safety engineer and entertainer...surprised? The focus of the movie is on many characters, not just one or two. The other characters are actually comedic. Slush is probably the funniest character in the entire movie. Overall, it's pretty good and the sound-track kicks ass. The plot is decent (for the time) and improbable yet not impossible. Refreshingly, there is no guy trying to get a girl.
Sure, it's not for everyone. It probably won't make an impact on anyone that never sat through hours of Banacek, Mannix, Cannon, Rockford Files, Magnum PI, or the 30 or so "Quinn-Martin" productions mentioned in the pilot. The deadpan delivery of Adam West as the likable, sad, washed-up actor is incredible. Why was he never given a chance after Batman? His portrayal of a man tempered by constant rejection, yet bravely holding on to dignity and hope that the next audition brings, is fascinating. Arthur Miller could not have done it better. Did I mention he's funny as hell, too? In today's terms, that character's name is Johnny Drama, instead of Lookwell.
I got to see ? Movie at a special sneak preview not too long ago, and I was absolutely blown away about how funny, edgy and flat-out different this film is from anything I have ever seen before. The real-life scenes, which were "true" hidden camera shots, were amazing and brilliantly sculpted into the storyline of the film. Ironically, these scenes were not only unique, but seemed to actually validate the points that this controversial, in-your-face movie makes. For those of you who want to experience something completely one-of-a-kind, edgy, and down-right hilarious, I would recommend you buy, rent, go see, whatever, this film as soon as you get a chance.
Wow. What a film. This highly enterntaining, slick, fast movie, requires multiple viewings. The more you put in the more you get out. The story is a simple one. A teenage couple, sick of the world, pick up a drifter after a concert at quite a metaphorical venue. They then get dragged through murder, drugs, sex (Highly un-erotic), ya know, the usual. The dreamy, surreal visuals are a delight, and the symbollic use of colours and light are mind-blowing if not hypnotic. Please dont be disgusted, during the first viewing, instead look between the lines, where you will find the truth. I highly recommend this film to anyone who like to ask 'why?'.
Remember that movie about the guy who wanted revenge for the death of his son and had a monster unleashed that he could not control? I can't remember the name, but the warning is the same. Dabble in black magic and it could come back to bite you. That's all I can say about this movie. Thai Black magic and some really gory stuff. The problem is that it takes a lifetime to get there, and the trip is very painful. Painful in the sense that there wasn't anyone in this film that resembled an actor. If it's blood you are fishing for, then you'll catch it, but at what cost?
DO NOT READ this comment IF YOU WANT TO WATCH THE MOVIE>>>>>IT will spoil it for you This Movie was very good for about the first hour and then the end was like OMG! It just went off and she was the bum that she had been seeing the entire movie , I absolutely hated the movie! How was the doctor the same nanny her husband was sleeping with? What was up with this Foreign Exchange Student with AIDS? Crazy MOVIE... It was too many psychotic episodes! This lady had a serious mental condition that leaves you just as confused as she is. Not Scary Not Worth Your time Next.......
Someone read too little Nietzsche and decided to encapsulate it all (a la Cliff-Notes) in the form of a little melodrama. Plays out the same as those tales of born-againers sowing their nihilistic wild oats only to find Jesus just as the thrill begins to get lonesome. It's just that this guy finds The Torah and decides the only decent thing left to do now is to act out on the wisdom of his Hebrew-school-inner-child that had somehow never been successfully challenged. God's all powerful. After all, isn't that the way we make Him? Someone told this story much better a long time ago. It was called the Parable Of The Prodigal Son...
I watched this mini-series because I had seen Paul Gross in Due South and Slings and Arrows. I don't have to be a "spoiler" to say that this was a truly inane mini-series. The issue of Canada withholding water from the USA was an interesting one that was quickly and completely drowned. There was good acting but only in scenes meant to show off good acting rather than to move the plot in any understandable direction (watch the interminable "mother of the prime minister" scenes). Dissecting this misconceived film is hardly worthwhile. Canada has a fine talent in Mr. Gross, but that talent doesn't extent to script writing. H20 does not hold water.
Why do all movie Quakers have paper thin convictions to their morals? If this had been a movie about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, they would have him gunning down racists by the second reel. If they approached the life of Ghandi the way this movie treats Quakers, Ghandi would have been bombing churches. I am an atheist, but if there are any people on the face of the earth who do not kill, no matter the circumstances, it is the Quakers. If you were to believe this movie, Quakers are blood thirsty zombies out to seek revenge on anyone who crosses them. EVERY PRINT OF THIS FILM SHOULD BE DESTROYED.
Do I recommend seeing the Exorcist II? You bet I do! It's so ridiculously bad, you're sure to enjoy yourself. You will laugh out loud at the hypnotism scene. Your sides will hurt at the priest's attempts to put out a fire with a crutch. And was Richard Burton possessed by William Shatner for this movie? One of the best bad movies ever. Someday they'll make a movie about this movie, I'm sure of it. The director didn't like the original Exorcist! Who hires a director for a sequel when he disliked the original? And this was the most expensive movie produced by Warner Bros. at the time? Where did it all go?
that movie is full of outdated jokes, which we know from films like naked gun, top secret and the like, just worse. there's not really a storyline, at least not a plot which makes u want to follow the movie with interest. it's a ridiculous heap of scenes, which is boring from the beginning to the end and it's not like i don't appreciate that kind of joke. more than 10 years ago i laughed my butts off at naked gun, but now this film couldn't cope a bit with it and it's not at all original. in a nutshell: don't bother! another piece of junk in the German movie scene.
Skin-divers Richard Egan and Gilbert Roland scour the depths of the Caribbean looking for treasure; they eventually find it buried under the sea with the wreck of a sunken ship (teetering on the edge of an underwater cliff). Howard Hughes-produced adventure from R.K.O. unevenly divides its time between on-location footage and studio shots (occasionally occupying the same scene) for a strangely dislocating visual experience. Jane Russell received top billing playing Egan's wife, and she's not bad except that her accent (perhaps laid on for a colorful, comical effect) slips in and out of Frito Bandito territory. The cast looks great in their swim-wear, but the story is without much suspense. *1/2 from ****
This movie has lots of action and a decent storyline for it to be a good movie, but the writing and directing of this movie is very poor. This movie's plot was of a murder mystery, but the creators don't leave the audience in suspense because they reveal the killer as he is slaying his victim. Also, Pamela Anderson's character had no reason to be in this film. She plays a hooker, but her character doesn't affect the main story in anyway at all. Pamela was just thrown in the movie so they producers could incorporate two sex scenes into their film. The sex scenes were very entertaining, but they were highly unnecessary.
just watching this on late night FREE TV. bad acting, story, hairstyling, casting choreography, directing,,, can't even be bothered finishing the list. i love bad TV. i laugh at lame 1 liners and cheap sets. but this is just plain bad. i think the makers were going for a jean-claude/Dolph lundren type movie, but even they probably would have turned down the role. the only thing i like is the supposed tough 'mafia' guys who would make anybody they threaten laugh in their face. do not waste your money on this and if you are looking for cheap laughs you will be waiting a while.
Neat premise, some nifty acting by Dorff and especially Reece Whitherspoon, but unfortunately, this film takes itself WAY too seriously to be taken seriously. This would have made an excellent comedy, and the talent was there in the two leads. Instead, it takes an interesting, original premise and turns it into a preachy borefest. With a lead character like Dorff's, one would assume there would be a little old fashioned, punk rock humor to the proceedings. If I wanted to hear a sermon, I'd start going to church or reading Noam Chomsky (the obvious inspiration for some of this film) books again. Truly a pity, because this could have been a great film.
This is a cheapie folks, the tragic attempt at special effects is truly laughable, and the story line ( even for a B Horror movie )is really uneven. It is from the H. G. Wells story of the same name. Although I have not read the story I believe this must be blasphemy to it's original intent. Joan Collins leads the cast, some of whom can actually act in a story about a group on a free cruise from a company trying to sell land. Due to kegs of radioactive chemicals ants become large, angry and intelligent! This is good for some entertainment and laughs but not enough. It just leaves you bored.
It was very intriguing watching a new movie produced by the famous Konchalovsky (Runaway Train, Tango and Cash) The first 15 minutes are interesting, then trouble begins: ridiculous dialogs, unreal situations etc... Inconsistent, unrealistic plot made in superficial picture of post-Soviet Russia. It looks like tabloid-quality scenario with same ridiculous "bad" and "good" guys... The main character appears being bored, just trying to fight his sleep throughout most of his appearances. The soundtrack is OK. Movies like Moskva, Gruz 200, Bumer seem to be infinitely more subtle in giving a portrait of the Russian past and of the reality without being naive or politically engaged. Really very disappointing.
I must confess I don't like Mexican movies. Quality is the main issue. Anyway, I must recognize there is people out there trying to make decent films. While we have great directors like Cuarón, Iñarritu, Del Toro, etc. we still have their counterparts who try to keep 'cine mexicano' being as bad as it has been for so many years. It's a shame 'Pajarracos' was on a film festival. It's a shame we show this to foreign audiences. Please don't judge Mexican films from this movie. It would be pretty unfair for lots of talented Mexican people waiting for an opportunity in the film industry. (sorry for any mistakes on my English =P)
I saw this film from the TV some time ago. I didnt wait anything but the film was pretty entertaining. The plot wasnt great (Man chancing in to a Werewolf... Have seen this before...??!!) but the movie had couple of really spooky scenes. Spooky enough to make me keep on watching anyway. But "Bad Moon" still is nothing else but a normal horror film with little creeps. When I turned out the TV I had already forgotten what the movie was about! There just arent anything... that would amaze you or... something that would make it "unforgettable". Everything feels familiar and already seen. Nothing else but entertainment for rainy Saturday evenings. 4/10
The plot: An internet porn-star and her relationship with the world. Doesn't sound that bad, but unfortunately the film doesn't exactly know what he wants to be. A drama? Hm, why is the lead character smiling all the time then? A comedy? No, therefore it's too dramatic. And yes, James Woods is really placed wrong here. The movie has no really interesting or even surprising turning points, no good acting or thrilling music. There seems to be only one thing, that keeps some folks go for it, and that's the fact that this story contains the words porn-star, which indicates some nudity (which you can actually see, at least in an uncut version).
London Voodoo is plainly the worst low budget horror I have ever seen... and I've seen almost all of 'em! I can't even think of enough bad words to describe it. Whoever made this film should be ashamed of themselves. Why would you put as much effort, time and money into producing such a pointless and boring piece of cinema? The film has nothing to hold the attention of fans of *any* genre let alone horror. I've seen more interesting things crawling along the baseboards in camp restrooms. Good grief... I'm simply lost for words at how bad this is. Choose anything but this to fill up your time... anything!
A hacked off bit of goofiness. More interested in impersonations than actual acting, for all the supporting roles. No time invested in developing any parts but the immediate family, yet time wasted in mentioning each star who ever crossed Natalie's path. Hard to believe Bogdanovich directed this rather than some high school kids. Natalie Wood was an interesting actress and lived an interesting life. I look forward to someday seeing a film of that, rather than this simplistic media gossip version of what was important about it. I guess I should have expected that from the title. The mystery is why we accept stuff like this. (Yes, I DID watch it after all.)
Oh my, oh my, oh my. Awful doesn't even begin to describe this moronic waste of time. This movie is really just an incessant cell phone ringing and someone picking it up looking harried and worried. Yet another reason to hate technology--infesting the movies now with cell phones to eat up the scenery. Wow, kept me riveted! This blech of a movie is pathetic and I'm a huge fan of science fiction. This doesn't exactly harken back to the good old sci-fi/B movies of the past--it is insulting and a grind to watch. I was hoping the locusts would eat everyone and start with the people with cell phones parked at their heads.
My theory: The producers of this film first made the movie "Gor". It only took them four days. Then someone noticed that they still had three days left on their equipment rentals, so they decided to film a second movie. Someone put together a script while on a potty break. They used the same sets, the same props, and much the same cast. The end result was "Outlaw of Gor". Jack Palance must have been hard-up for money to do this. It ranks up there with the biggest wastes of talent in movie history, right next to Max von Sydow in "Strange Brew" and Sir Lawrence Olivier in "Clash of the Titans".
A couple of days ago, I watched 'Troll 2' on video and I was astonished with such a bad flick. This 'The Horrible Dr. Bones' has not had the competency to be worse than 'Troll 2', what seems to be impossible, but it is almost there. What a ridiculous trash 'movie'! Certainly it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The title is very appropriate: Horrible! The ham 'actors' and 'actresses' combined with amateurish direction; awful screenplay; poor effects and make-up, all blended together is a synonym of crap. Fortunately, the videotape does not smell. My vote is two. Title (Brazil): "O Terrível Dr. Bones" ("The Terrible Dr. Bones")
"Our America" tells of two black juvi's who are given recorders so they can do a radio documentary of their project/ghetto. An unfortunate but well intentioned flick, "OA" has nothing new to offer and appears to be a misguided attempt to expose the real truth behind the projects (drugs, gangs, crime, cockroaches, etc.) as if we haven't had our fill of ghetto flicks. What is worse, our heros play a game called "Knockout" which involves dropping rocks from a freeway overpass which everyone knows is as potentially lethal as the gangbangers shooting up the "hood" with their Uzzis and for which they receive a mere reprimand. Stupid tripe not worth the time. (F)
The only thing that kept me watching this turkey was the belief (fervent dream) that this sucker was going to improve, hopefully, dramatically. But...no..it..did..not... There were some approaches to good action but they all fell short of Indiana Jones which the movie obviously impersonated, at least at times. There was the usual Computer Generated Imagery made famous by the Mummy movies but that was impersonation on an amateurish level. This entire movie was like that - copycat and poorly made. It makes me wonder how it got financial backing. Did someone lose a bet? Was blackmail employed in order to get funding? Extortion with a 9 millimeter to someone's head?
I'm a huge fan of Whoopi and have seen all of her 80's action/comedy films and while this isn't as bad as Fatal Beauty. This is still pretty appalling. Its problem lies in the very grim,limp script and the character she plays is not all that likable or interesting; nowhere near as endearing as Terry Doolittle from Jumpin' Jack Flash. Last but not least, this just isn't funny, no matter how hard Goldberg tries, this grim comedy falls flat in every possible area. Jumpin' Jack Flash is still the best of her early big screen comedies. See it if you must but take my advice, avoid Fatal Beauty at all cost, it's shocking!
The original 'Village' from 1960 is a wonderful, eerie slice of British sci-fi. This utter nonsense starring superman does not deserve the credit of being seen. Go and rent the original, remove any preconceptions you may have about old movies, put yourself in the mindset of a cinema goer from 1960 and revel in the quiet charm and ultimately chilling experience that this film delivers. Or you could read the book by John Wyndham 'The Midwich Cuckoos', in fact do anything other than watch this contender for 'Worst Remake Ever'. At least IMDb voters seem to agree - 7.5 for the Brits, 5.3 for the Yanks - this time go with public opinion!
This movie is horrible! I can think of many different things to waste my $13 and I wish had instead of watching this movie. It falsely advertises, a "serial killer" which is actually a huge crocodile in Africa. The movie trailers portray a human serial killer, but it is the furthest thing from it. Everyone is assuming the movie is actually about Jack the Ripper, but it is not. Don't be fooled. If you want to see a man eating crocodile, rent Lake Placid. They are exactly the same. But much cheaper! Save your money! Worst movie of 2007, and its only January. There is nothing good about this movie. Enough said!
This was an attempt to return to a genre that officially died in the late 90s - The slasher. Introduce teenage characters that no one cares about in any facet, make them doing "bad" things and getting killed for doing it. I thought about clicking the spoiler button, because that pretty much sums up the movie. While this probably would have made a decent video game or short story, it's definitely didn't make the trip from screenplay to screen without introducing every slasher cliché imaginable. It's not worth your money for the DVD, nor was it really worth the rental fees. If you've watched any of the retro slashers, skip this one.
What could have been an interesting idea was spoilt by the lack of any character development. We are given no insight into why an ex-convict, freshly out of prison and having been given a new start, would throw it all away by immediately commencing random and seemingly motiveless killings within the building. Given that there were only FOUR tenants in the whole block, wasn't it verging on the ridiculous to start killing them all off - what was he planning to do when they were all dead? The ending was a slightly unexpected "twist", and a minor payoff for making it through to the end this poorly acted, non-scary horror film.
Watched/listened to this train wreck on the "Secret Stash" on Comedy Central last night. At this hour, it wasn't too censored and I found it virtually unwatchable. Not since Manos: The Hands of Fate, back in the Mystery Science Theater 3000 days, has Comedy Central fielded such garbage. Would actually rather have seen a 44th rerun of an old "Dave Chapelle Show" than to be subjected to this. Most of the commercials were sustaining (Comedy Central) as I can imagine they would have had a hard time attracting any advertising save for local cable stuff. In my opinion, after "Manos", this is the worst movie Comedy Central has ever shown. Skip it!
This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long while and I went to see this with friends, basically it turned us into those kids you hate in movies. The movie had no plot at all and the pointless turns which drove it about was as good as sticking a knife into a toaster whilst it's cooking. The characters were poorly acted out and very stereotypical. The scenes dragged out a lot and I really can't describe any it was that bad in taste. I'm presuming they were trying a cliché of high school angst and romance but it failed in any of those subjects. A waste unfortunately.
I find it interesting that Chaplin himself considered this to be his most clever and witty film, because I thought it was desultory and downright boring. It's supposed to be a black comedy about a cad (Chaplin) who plays women like violins and then murders them, but there's little to no humour to be found here. I suppose it could be one of those films you have to see more than once to appreciate--that's happened to me before and could happen to me again; and since I like Chaplin usually, I would be more than willing to give this another shot. But until I do, my negative review stands. Grade: C-
Goodnight God Bless was much better than I expected after seeing the preview that appears before the film on the VHS version. The movie does have quite an intense and shocking (if not bloody) opening sequence. This is a decent mix of religious horror, cop drama and straight-up slasher 80's films with an original premise and some believable acting from unfamiliar faces, namely Emma Sutton in the lead role. A maniac is murdering people and witnesses claim its a priest. Some genuine suspense, not much gore or skin, but entertaining. If you enjoyed Maniac Cop or God Told Me To then check it out. Not the best of B-Movies but worth a look.
You see the names: Robin Williams, Peter O'Toole, Eugene Levy, Rick Moranis. Wonderful actors, and very funny. You naturally assume that you will be spending most of your time rolling on the floor in uncontrollable laughter. Then you make one serious mistake. You decide to actually watch "Club Paradise." This movie is dreadful. It isn't funny; it isn't even close to being funny. You do not laugh. Instead, you struggle - and often fail - to stay awake during this interminable piece of rubbish. I won't even get into talking about the plot, such as it is, except to say that it matches everything else about this movie: it's dreadful. 1/10
After a while, I finally got annoyed with "Criminal Intent". The main character, Detective Robert Goren, is all-wise, all-knowing, can give a psychiatric diagnosis in an instant, finds clues right away, regularly breaks suspects when there is no evidence available, etc. All this with his "stuttering" approach that just looks like bad acting. You can make one or two episodes as described above, but you just can't make all of them that way. Makes me feel I'm watching the same episode all over again. The original Law & Order, and even SVU series always gave me impression of real events being behind the episodes. Not CI series. Stopped watching it.
I wanted to love Vacation, I truly did.Seeing as how everyone thought it was a magnificent movie, I wanted to think it was a magnificent movie as well, but instead it turned out that I thought Vacation is pure crap.Nothing was funny.I laughed at maybe one thing.Also, it couldn't keep my interest, and it was "REALLY" boring.I was pausing the movie continuously, because I wanted to get up and do something, for I was about to fall asleep.The acting was good, and the script is somewhat original, but there was a lot of unnecessary material as well, and overall I found this to be a pretty terrible movie.Don't waste your time on it.
Please stay away from this piece of garbage. It is likely to induce drowsiness and should only be watched by those without a sense of humour, looking to waste 1hr 36 mins of their lives or anyone else who enjoys totally uncreative and mind numbingly boring garbage. It is rather unfortunate that anyone with a camera, free time on their hands and spare change in their wallet can make movies these days. This movie could very likely have been ripped off a failing fourth graders essay paper.Trust me, it was that bad and I am being as polite and considerate as I possibly can. My rating: 1.25 (Mostly for the costume :-) )
The movie should have stayed true to the book wherein the first scene started with the Muggle Prime Minister being introduced to the new Minister of Magic and while he was being told about the ministry and how resent catastrophe were magic related....scenes o death eaters destroying the bridge, etc should have been background scene and not, not what was shown in the movie. I am so disappointed with the film. It was a total waste and it didn't do justice to the series. The first Harry Potter movie is so far the best for me. I wish they will get Chris Columbus or Peter Jackson (LOTR) to direct the Deathly Hallows.
I was disappointed by this film. Consindering that it was from 2003 I don't understand why a star like bloom would ever agree to such a script. Maybe it was the directors fault but I really didn't like the acting, and I've seen what bloom can do "kingdom of heaven" and this was nothing. The story was lacking, the acting not very convincing and I really did not feel for this film. Bought it, and probably wont see it again unless I got serious hangovers and already have seen all the good stuff. Orlando was very childes and the performance didn't look whole hearted. Some of the supporting acting was okay.
1968 movie-adaptation of E. Y. Harburg's 1947 Broadway musical hit arrives on the screen both belated and beleaguered. Fred Astaire no longer has the energy or enthusiasm for role as world-traveling Irishman who settles in a small town beset with racial injustices. This was certainly an odd choice for young director Francis Ford Coppola, who, with cinematographer Philip Lathrop, globe-trots to many an exciting location and yet overflows the movie with syrupy uplift and musical trilling (courtesy co-star Petula Clark). Supporting cast (including Tommy Steele and Keenan Wynn) is interesting but weak, and the anachronistic song numbers don't forward the story, they simply pad the proceedings to an uncomfortable length. *1/2 from ****
The film is terrible, the subject of the film does not have sense, music is frightful and the actors without commentaries. I hoped for another thing of this film, but not covered all my expectation, sorry that she is Mexican, but is necessary to recognize when she is good or bad, and this is garbage, literally. The film is terrible, the subject of the film does not have sense, music is frightful and the actors without commentaries. I hoped for another thing of this film, but not covered all my expectation, sorry that she is Mexican, but is necessary to recognize when she is good or bad, and this is garbage, literally.
Blue Car is an interesting movie for our times. I left the movie with much to think about. Initially, I thought better for it. However, in the end I could not get over the fact that the lead character does illegal acts voluntarily and without any regrets later. Somehow the audience is expected to forget such bad choices and feel empathy or sympathy. The movie does portray a world that is now so very complicated in the raising of children, but the writer needs to move beyond mere events and situations. Young people growing up in even the worst conditions have made heroic efforts that are more deserving to have their stories told.
I bought this movie for 99 cents, hoping that it might provide some entertainment to get drunk to. But it wasn't funny, just boring. So, rather than partying the night away with cheap-o aliens, my friends and I mostly just fell asleep. I stayed awake through all of it, but man was it painful. I don't think anything actually happens in it. All I remember is a bunch of confused guys in a cabin, some echoey voices on the radio (that I think are aliens), some red lights, and at the end everyone falls asleep in the snow (much like my friends, but without the snow). This movie sucks so much.
The plot outline says it all: A footman seduces a count 's daughter. The rest of the movie is spent listening to lies, betrayal, ideas, and hopes. This play was not meant to be converted into a movie, especially from the director of LEAVING LAS VEGAS (what they were thinking?). The sound was muddled, camera work was sloppy when it should have been straight (you can experiment but that not terribly) and the music was purely awful. The three main characters were OK and saved this movie from disaster, but how well could you hear them with terrible sound? A slap in the face to the actual play, where it should have stayed.
This is a painfully bad retelling of the Arthurian Legend. The bad guys use crossbow pistols and wear black leather ala Road Warrior, The good guys look like a high school production of Camelot. Camelot itself looks like part of Disneyland. The story centers around Richard Gere as an unappealing Lancelot, Sean Connery as a doddering Arthur and Julia Ormond (Guenevere) who, despite being the high point of the film, is completely unable to convince us that she has any affection for the wizened Arthur. Bad guys grimace, music sweeps heroically, rousing speaches and predictability ensue, followed by a forgettable conclusion. Not worth it even for fans of the genre.
This film has possibly got the worst special effects i have ever seen. The laser scenes are the funniest, also watch as THE TERMINATION MAN throws the worlds tiniest bomb which is also completely invisible. The story is about a super human 50 year old who can run miles in seconds but has no other decent powers and his fight against 'russian terrorists'. The final fight scene which comprising the worst fight choreography ever seen in a crappy straight to video film is also a highpoint of this brilliant movie. This is a film which makes blair witch's budget seem massive and is the well deserved worst film of all time
An easy-going, boil-in-the-bag romcom. It relies a little too much on slapstick to fill out its 90 mins but, given its simple plot it's got enough wit and clean charm to make a go of it. I've always been a Courtney Cox fan and she definitely gives us something in addition to regurgitating Monica Gellerisms. David Arquette is a sweet, chubby version of Adam Sandler. This slightly off-kilter duo, a real life couple, have a first-class straight 'guy' in Viola Davis (one of the better coloured actresses in Hollywood, doing the day job stoically). There's nothing to it but it's not too sickly for a wet afternoon on the sofa. 3/10
It's a shame, really, that the script of this film had more holes than you could shake a stick at (mixed metaphor intentional), because Kinski and Coyote - both supremely talented performers who are capable of great subtlety and nuance - have wonderful chemistry together, and the always-provocative Fairuza Balk didn't hurt the mix either. Jeremy Piven would have been great here too, if his character (and all the other supporting characters) hadn't been written as a plot device. As for the main proceedings, the writers just didn't know how to create the suitable guilty-or-innocent tension for Kinski's character -- instead they gave us confusion, contradiction and, by the finale, downright let's-hope-the-viewers-don't-notice claptrap.
I kept waiting for this bad movie to move beyond its stock characters and hackneyed plot, but it never made it. We have floozies with hearts of gold, grizzled old-timers, cowardly townspeople, and an over-the-top Aldo Ray playing evil incarnate. Elisha Cook is given the opportunity to reprise his Shane role, the spunky, fearless, impulsive, and doomed fool: Jack Palance, with one of cinema's great sneers, shot him dead in Shane and Aldo Ray does him the same courtesy in Welcome to Hard Times. One plot gimmick after another is thrown in, evidently just to fill up some screen time, when more time might have been spent developing the characters of the townspeople.
This is a waste of 90 minutes, starring some excellent actors. What happened? I think this was intended to be another quirky English comedy. Unfortunately, the supposed humor generally feels mean-spirited. I kept expecting the plot was all about a scam or practical joke, and that the dead folks would pop up and start laughing. No such luck. The ending seems arbitrary and abrupt. The narration is pointless (was it intended to "fix" a major re-editing?). The other comments talk about this being a wonderful example of droll English humor. Yes, I realize the English tend to have a different sense of humor, but I wouldn't have considered this an example.
Galaxy of Terror should have been a good film. It basically is one of those dark, Alien-like space monster movies filled with pop-out scares. I found the character's behavior to be unbelievable given their situation - but that's not all that unusual. In the end I gave it only a "3" rating because the movie falls flat. It seems like the production just got away from the director and actors and came out unconvincing. The movie gives a feeling as though it were done to show off a few gross-out special effects, and not much more, but the special effects didn't come out that good and they didn't have enough money to re-shoot.
This movie isn't about how guns are out of control in America. It's about a bunch of otherwise talented actors making fools of themselves. Like the NRA says, guns don't kill people, people kill people. The people in this movie are too stupid to know how to operate a gun. The hype about guns was obviously just added on to try to impart some import to an otherwise painfully awful movie. It is jaw-droppingly awful. It's also not a comedy. There is nothing even remotely funny about it. Not a single scene, not a single line is funny. Nor is it satire. The talent gathered for this mess should be ashamed of themselves.
this 1997 film of an earlier play is the proof. there's just too much real absurdity going on. Genevieve Bujold as the disconnected mother is the best thing in it, but these days, that isn't saying much, because so many people are disconnected. What there is of a plot about sibling incest and insanity is today totally predictable. A few (too few)funny lines. no one seems to know quite what to do with Parker Posey, except Christopher Guest, in his wonderful mockumentaries, in which she's very funny. Here, she just seems strained. Tori Spelling is quite appealing as the only normal character, a donut shop waitress who lands in a pretentious upscale family.
The first-person perspective could be viewed as a brave experiment or a case-study of why nobody EVER makes movies this way. Three points: 1) In a movie, we like to see the main character reacting. 2) Actors look self-conscious when endlessly talking to a camera. 3) The lack of edits makes many scenes tedious. Still, you can admire how hard all this was to stage and shoot, in a age when cameras weighed a ton, made too much noise and nobody owned a Steadicam. Reminds me of the kind of crazy gimmicks Hitchcock sometimes tried but Hitch would have never let the train go this far off the tracks.
There is absolutely nothing special about Pluto Nash. I was wondering for a time if I was going to run into the Mario Brothers as the set looked awfully familiar. The plot was poor, or maybe just nothing special. The sex jokes old, he saw her with big breasts and buttocks, why not give him something big? The only surprise in the whole thing was when Pluto Nash found out who he was up against. The movie was just Eddie Murphy doing the same old thing again. He could have just as well done it on earth in the 21th Century. At least he would have saved us a trip to the moon.
Ew. This movie is horrible. It's either a bad homage or straight out rip-off of the film "Heathers", which is worlds better than this, plus it features Rose McGowen reprising that same role she does in just about every film she's in: heartless bitch that never shows any emotions (the only other character she ever portrays is ditzy girl that never shows any emotions. She has range...). Plus, as if the lame script, thin satire and horrible acting wasn't enough - you get to see Rose and her real life boyfriend, Marilyn Manson, have sex. It's charming. Yes, High School sucks, but so does this movie. Two wrongs don't make a right.
A very run-of-the-mill picture but not without charm. An odd-couple movie with the concept twist of high office this film sits somewhere in the orbit of Driving Miss Daisy and The Bodyguard. Nicholas Cage's Doug Chesnic is aghast to discover that his stint of personal duty towards the former first Lady is being extended indefinitely. Shirley Maclaine can see that this is a thin idea and really works the slow-burn heart of the film only softening her stubborn, lonely widower by increments. There is no attempt made to really work the issue of duty vs individual need - of statutory vs sentimental guardianship - but the film makes its point elegantly enough. 4/10
Reading the reviews for these low-budget movies is almost as hillarious as the commentary on MST3K. I'm amazed how a movie made so recently (1993) could be so horrible in every aspect. The acting was bad, the special effects were terrible, the costumes looked more like something out of Tron than the middle ages. What was the deal with the people in Halloween masks that live in the tree or the villain with moose antlers. Plus the plot made no sense at all. I tried to explain it to my freind and he couldn't stop laughing. At least Mike, Pearl, and the Bots gave it the heckling it deserved. In closing... I'm coooooooommmmmmmmming.
This is one of the strangest I have watched in a good while. Of course an hour is not too long to devote to one of your horror film favorites. Disappointment sets in when you realize this is not horror, just odd. Bela Lugosi plays a ruthless Chinese villain that is not short in ordering murder in order to collect the fabled 'twelve coins of Confucius' for himself. Conveniently the coins are concentrated in New York City's Chinatown. Adding to the mystery and oddity of Lugosi's character...his thick Hungarian accent is not disguised. Note:Lugosi's arch rival Boris Karloff had a series of Mr. Wong Chinese detective flicks also directed by William Nigh.
I generally like movies that depict anything that is "non mainstream". And I even don't mind gross movies if they are done well. But this movie is a huge disappointment - no real story, no building up any character or situation, extremely bad acting (a school play does far better), the shots were pathetic, the gross scenes were not necessary (nor were they shocking). The close up in scenes is really bad, i think i even spotted a 'cannibal' with long stylish locks! Looks like the directors/producers paid no attention to the movie at all ! With this movie, I've decided to stop watching any more "cannibal" genre movie!
Put a gun to your own head and pull the trigger. Actually that seems really good compared to watching this boring pile of garbage. the main guy is the weird dude from Van Wilder so every time I look at him I see him drinking Pit Bull C-u-m. Ridiculous story with so many irrelevant plots going that I felt like gagging, A cult, the military, some drug dealers, a university and Tone Loc all get together and rub one out on a cookie. The C-u-m eater eats it obviously. I wish I could find whoever decided to go ahead with this movie and punch him in the crotch. Seriously, f him.
A terrible exploitation film of the late 60's with a sweet actress in the lead role. The cops are really terrible (as actors and cops). The only standout part of the film is the presence of the incredible Pat Barrington. There's nobody quite like her. This director has made better films (The Agony of Love). The sound quality is particularly bad. The title song is excruciatingly awful as is most of the muzak. As I mentioned, if not for Pat Barrington, this would be totally unwatchable. Ms. Barrington should have played the lead instead of playing the belly dancing stripper. She has attributes the other females in the cast do not possess.
This well known movie could produce a p*nese overdose. The main concept is fair but somehow distorted with bad taste. Anyway some scenes will fit perfectly in any film anthology. The plot is simplistic, the porn is too raw, and the parody is weak. The ridiculous subreal ambient created is the most hilarious thing in the movie. The movie is creative in some ways, indeed, and has an artisctical and conceptual value, but the average is mediocre for me. If yo are looking for something sexy, do not look this movie (I wonder if sexiness could be found in any porn movie).
I watched this movie because I thought I'd get some of the Asian-style action movies that I like, or maybe an interesting story based on the what-if situation described in the tag-line. However, the acting is terrible and the movie moves so slowly at times that I found myself fast forwarding and skipping parts of several scenes just to get it over with.. I found watching this movie a waste of time, unless maybe if you are a Corean or Japanese interested in history. Even though the movie picks up a pace at the ending, the overall lousy acting by ALL actors doesn't help the semi-interesting what-if story make an interesting movie. Sorry..
The acting is amongst some of the worst I've seen in a while, especially from Dennis Rodman. What's that Dennis Rodman a bad actor? Yes! and as hard as it is to believe his 'hilarious' sidekick Nick is almost as bad! Not to mention annoying. I'm not just talking Jar-Jar Binks annoying here, he takes it to a whole new level! The one redeeming feature about this movie is that some of the action seqences are quite well done. But good action scenes does not a good movie make. If you like bad acting, bad dialouge and wasting your time then by all means watch this. You won't be dissapointed!
On the wrapper, this show purports to be a fast paced comedy, however I found not one laugh in this slow documentary like film shot with an abundance of non-standard camera angles. Don't be mislead by the view angle of the wrapper photo or the text. Nothing like that is in the film. The director's comment on the DVD says the story was created from his wife's experiences trying to get pregnant with the aid of modern medicine. The journey is painted like one into the heart of darkness punctuated by obvious gags. The film may find empathy with those who have made the journey but I doubt even those individuals will laugh.
I'll make this as painless as possible. This is the worst Mel Brooks film I have seen in a long, long time. "ROBIN HOOD: MEN IN TIGHTS" is a masterpiece, compared to this forlorn mess. I laughed only once during this corny hodgepodge of backfires, flat gags, unfunny dialogue and terrible English accents. This is tragic, as we've seen so much better from both Mr. Brooks and Leslie Nielsen. This is so disappointing, considering the days when Brooks wowed us with "BLAZING SADDLES" and the horror genre send up of "YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN." I couldn't in good conscience recommend this. Should you stumble upon it on broadcast television, find the remote quick.
For some odd reason "7th heaven" even aired here in Austria. I only watched one episode but I have to say that absolutely nothing I've ever seen compares to this series and it's the only production that I would rate even lower than IMDb allows to (minus 10 actually). "7th heaven" tries so hard in telling you what's wrong or right it will make you feel traumatized. After all, the series actually works - but in the opposite direction. After watching this episode I somehow felt the urge to smoke a pot and drink alcohol while having sex with a prostitute and screaming "Jesus hates you". Don't even bother watching this!
and i want me 91 minutes and 22 seconds back.but,we don't always get what we want do we?i guess this is supposed to be a horror comedy combination.well,if so,they left out the horror part.actually,they left out the comedy part too.mostly,this movie very slow and boring,but believe it or not,there are worse movies out there.Warwick Davis plays the Leprechaun,and it looks like has a blast in the role and is not taking it seriously at all,which is one good thing in the movie.Jennifer Aniston is also in this movie,which came out about a year before "Friends".anyway,this movie spawned 5 sequels so far,and to be perfectly honest,it doesn't merit any sequels.for me,"Leprechaun" is a 2.5/10
Which means when I got to a museum and see a blotch on the wall I don't pretend it's art and say a bunch of meaningless, pseudo-intellectual prattle. By the same token, I don't have to pretend that a film lacking in continuity, a plot, good camera work and interesting characters is anything but an annoying and pretentious waste of time. Gale, as always, is compelling to watch and draws you in....but he his work is wasted in this piece of tripe. Gale - read the script first and look for a good story. At this point, I need a shower...and can someone smack that annoying and self-absorbed main character?
"Particles of Truth" is a dull, uninspiring film with a weak storyline. The film is about Lilli a washed up artist with bad hair. She is at most unlikeable in appearance and personality. Throughout the film, Lilli is depressed and unkempt. We see why she is so: Her parents were drugged out hippie commune like folks with no direction in life and her love life stinks. Throughout the movie, Lilli meets Morrison a man who suffers from ocd. There is a possibility of a romance for Lilli and Morrison. But their scenes lack chemistry and passion. In a later scene, Lilli sees her dying father. They reconnect briefly and the film ends meaninglessly.
This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. I only want to comment in hopes of saving someone else the experience. How could it be so bad with some really great people? Easy, make them a modern Sunset Blvd. version of Bob & Carol And Ted & Alice....Or Ken & Barbie Meet Limeyrocktwit & WholeEarth MotherNympho....You take your girlfriend home and before you know it, she's in bed with your mom...If that sounds like fun, or if you can relate...this one's for you...A poorly directed, nasty story that made me want to shower with kerosene and steel wool. A very ugly story and viewing experience...Avoid this trash!
I didn't like it at all, it seemed pointless and silly to me. Just having those two random musical numbers seemed daft rather than stylish. That "Cole Porter" song was horrible. The subplot about the strange murder game just petered out, it didn't make any sense to me at all. There was also an strange moment when Nino and Louise suddenly were great pals, walking down the street arm in arm, having only met vaguely before that. It could have been intriguing and fun, but I thought it was fake whimsical and boring. It was the only thing with English subtitles here in Vientiane, but I wish I hadn't bothered.
Surprisingly bad considering the involvement of such great actors. Like an alternate universe Citizen Kane. In Journey Into Fear we see many of the same actors, but none of what made Kane great. Joseph Cotton appears annoyingly useless, instead of his usual sympathetic everyman of films like The Third Man. The plot plods along with strange contrivances. The relationship between Cotton and his wife does not sit well and ends with the worst scene in the movie. The only thing to fear in the movie is Everett Sloane's twitchy performance and the insane getup of Mr Welles. The bad guys are quite useless. Cotton is barely there. In short - It's not terrific!
I've seen a lot of bad animation and this is the worst theatrically released animation I've ever seen. It's just hitting the pay-per-view scene in Canada and I beg you, don't rent this one. Obviously I fell prey to its "something to rent for the kids on a snowy night" marketing strategy. Animation: zero Sound quality all over the map: zero Dialogue (are you kidding me): zero Poster (a well done rip-off of the Finding Nemo design): 1 out of 10 I only log into IMDb to comment maybe three times a year and this is my first of 2008. It's that important that this film dies a quick death.
This was typical for the period, and is still true today. Caucasian bashing. This kind of "reverse discrimination" continues today. The picture began during the genesis of the Socialist "Hippie" movement, as an outgrowth of the "beatnik" to the "social justice" drumbeat of today's "politically correct" silencing of America's majority. Demonize the dominant culture and make them all appear as hate-filled morons. It was said before "Chicanos good, Caucasians bad". This is not really new. I wouldn't watch it again. There is no point to this malarkey. I would just as soon watch an anti-American flag-burning rally. I became tired of it at age 13 and I am tired of it now.
A reasonably good start that obscures a really stupid and lame plot, as soon as it starts explaining it you think "can't be serious, can't be SOOOOO absurd!" The story does not stand up a child's mind, the acting is horrendous, the dialog almost non existent, the localization really cheap... the only achievement is to show Prague as a really ugly city, something not so easy. Really, paying to see this crap seems to be a really nasty way to lose money. For me, the only possible explanation for all that positive comments is that the people involved in the making of the movie are trying to improve its ratings. Incredible.
SPOILER ALERT! A not too bad blaxploitation film with a "happy ending." A reformed prostitute (Diana Sands) attempts to bring a fairly inept pimp down while the cops are on him like glue. Roscoe Orman plays the title role, a pimp who's seen better days, and he's woefully upstaged by his ridiculous outfits. It's all fast paced, sometimes stupid, even a bit campy but also fairly entertaining. Sands brings a lot of class to the film and Thalmus Rasulala is in it too. The faux-funk music is by JJ Johnson, who also contributed to CLEOPATRA JONES & THE FUZZ BROTHERS. Produced, inexplicably, by Zanuck/Brown (a year before they hit pay dirt with JAWS).
Sort of like an extended Three's Company sketch, except made in the 1930's, 'Misbehaving Husbands' stars Harry Langdon as an overworked oaf who forgets his anniversary and winds up working through the surprise party is wife has organized. What's worse, he gets caught in silhouette with a department store mannequin by some town gossips who are on their way to the party. Soon, rumors spread like wildfire, and one complication leads to another until the wife wants a divorce! This is all put together very nicely, thank you very much, and Harry Langdon does his befuddled Benny Goodman impersonation quite well. There's a few laughs here and there, but this is nothing extraordinary.
If you're a guy you better wear a teflon jockstrap before going to this movie. It is a non stop male bashfest. Wear a fire proof suit to this drivel guys. The acting was bad. The story was ludicrous. Every scene was basically the same. A conversation among several women about how bad men suck. So, if you're feminist or a man hater you will love this gem. Whitney Houston was my favorite plastic statue in this one. I like Hale Berry but she never should have got roped into this. I'd love to have those 90 minutes back of my life. Please.
I haven't seen such a bad movie in a long time, actually i haven't seen such a bad movie ever. What have Miramax done with the original manuscript. This movie was one of the best ever, in the Danish version. But someone bought the rights to this movie, and tried to make a Hollywood version. But dear "Hollywood", you can't make a box-office hit if you first of all take the Danish humor away, and then take out some scenes from the movie, just because (my own opinion)you think it doesn't suits the American people. But 10 stars to the original version, and 1 (They didn't have 0 stars)star to the Hollywood version.
In my humble opinion this is one of the best Jess Franco films ever. Lina Romay is hot as hell, mostly spending her time masturbating away. The film has an eerie hallucinatory feeling to it, like watching porn in slow motion while on dope. Beware: There are two versions on the market, one is softcore and not that good, one is full hardcore and that's the one I'm refering to. Erwin C.Dietrich told me he was given this film as a gift from Jess Franco in gratitude but never really done anything with it. Finally, due to the DVD revolution it's finally out on silver disc, And it's looking absolutely stunning! Check it out!
WOW, it's interesting to see the variety of reviews of this film. The ones who liked it must have been drugged or related to the filmmakers! This movie had good actors and apparently a large budget, but the script sucked! Nothing about the story made any sense...absolute garbage. The only redeeming thing about this movie besides the fact that I watched it for free is the "wigger wannabes" get killed immediately in the beginning. The "kills" were very imaginative and could have worked well had the script made sense. My advice to the directors would be "hone your directing skills and leave the writing to the professionals"! Don't waste your time on this one.
This is definitely one of my favorite things of all time to watch--what does it for me, though, is the style and synchronization of the various 50's pop songs that are deliciously sprinkled throughout the movie---simply fantastic-----they blend well with the story and its characters and you are always pleasantly surprised when a new song just pops out of someone's mouth at the (sometimes) most inopportune time. I can't understand why it is not yet out on DVD---I purchased Potter's "Singing Detective" last year and I am anxiously awaiting this one---someone please light a fire under the powers that be in England so that we can all enjoy this treasure in its proper format.
Right now there's a DVD out with a few of the stories edited into movies, but I wanted to see it in its original form. I had one video as a kid, and the rest of the series I've only seen through low-quality internet videos. It's interesting to see the direction the show took immediately after the original movies and before Episodes 1-3 were thought of. The character designs are fun, and even if they're sometimes cliché or annoying, they're bearable overall. The writing style is campy for sure, but the show's a great piece of nostalgia and I'd gladly shell out the money for a good-quality set of the original episodes.
This was a decent sci-fi flick. Good performances by Julie Warner and Eric Thal, and of course there's no role that Donald Sutherland can't pull off. Alien effects were revoltingly good. OK, it's not completely true to Heinlein's magnificent novel. Hollywood has a formula, (the happy ending, the obligatory love interest of one or more of the stars, etc.) and any deviation from it is exceedingly rare. That's why foreign films are good, because they are not bound by the formula. I've noticed that great sci-fi movies are almost always originally written for the screen, rather than adapted from books. Books are always better than movies, but science fiction seems to be particularly so.
Ok. You do not expect much from a 1994 movie you have never heard of and is being given for free with the purchase of a bad magazine. Least while for strange developments in your life all of this happens to take place in Bilbao, Spain. But this is a fine movie. A very good one. The plot flows very ...well... very fluidly. It goes surprising you on and on, but in a subtle, soft way. At the end, you feel a lot of empathy for the naive Japanese guy, and, in my case, a deep love for Shelly... I can´t tell you more about it without spoiling it. Watch it.
Pretty dull thriller. The director chooses an "arty" approach with lots of slow-motion sequences, "poetic" music and minimal dialogue, and it doesn't work. The characters have no personality, the script is virtually non-existent and the suspense is deflated by the fact that the "evil" car's driver (or the evil car itself) has plenty of opportunities to get away from the heroine who chases him, but keeps returning to do battle with her as if he has some scores to settle (we never find out what they might be). While you're watching this movie, don't be surprised if your mind starts going elsewhere, like into thinking what's for dinner or the next day's chores. (*1/2)
I just watched this movie last night and thought it was awesome! The movie did spark some weird discussions with my significant other about upper deckers, but the point is that it generated conversation. It's rare to find a movie that makes you think about life, responsibility, and poop. Forget the dude that made the Sixth Sense -- this is the best movie ever made in Bucks County, and does far more service to its lovely citizens and scenery. Well done, especially considering this is director von Manahan's first full-length film. I, for one, can't wait to see what else he has in store. Oh, and Bill Tanner is a freakin' matinée idol.
A group of college kids travel to the ghost town of Hellgate to find out the truth about a young woman who was murdered by a motorcycle gang in the 1950's.There,they are greeted by ghosts and walking dead."Hellgate" is a cheesy horror flick that will satisfy only the most undemanding fans of horror genre.The acting is terrible and the script is cheesy beyond belief.There is a fair amount of blood and gore including a nice decapitation scene,unfortunately the special effects are lame.The only reasons to see this stinker are a fish on steroids and re-animated turtle plus Abigail Wolcott as a hot zombie girl.4 out of 10.Only for fans of truly mindless zombie flicks.
"Julie Walking Home" is about a woman coping with a rocky relationship with the father of her children, her son who has cancer and may or may not be healed by a faith healer, and her feelings for a man who believes he has mystical healing powers. Though the film's storyline is nothing new, the sheer reality of the drama, the wonderful performances Holland wrests from some relatively unknown actors, and Otto's tour-de-force makes this film eminently worthy. Not unlike "Behind the Red Door" (2002), "Hysterical Blindness" (2002), or "Unfaithful" (2002) this film is a "sleeper" which will be of greatest interest to the discerning drama enthusiast into film's about women in turmoil. (B+)
This movie demonstrates Hong Kong movie making at it's best. Martial arts, CG work and an engaging story. The fights scenes are flashy without being overdone and the quieter parts of the movie are not too long winded. The performances of the three leading ladies are well balanced however the supporting cast let the side down a little. All in all a good movie that demonstrates Hong Kong directors and producers ability to take the Hollywood recipe and re-mix it. How many Hollywood directors would put the Carpenter's song "Close to you" over a gun battle? Definitely one for the collection if only for the fight scenes, but watchable for the story as well.
Some of it's a bit hokey, but if you're a Star Trek The Next Generation fan, or any of the newer Star Trek variations, you'll enjoy this. It's worth the price of admission. I don't want to say anything about it so I don't spoil it for anyone. But, don't miss it if you're out there. It's fun and as realistic as they can make it. I didn't know what to expect. And I think that's the best way for people to enjoy it the most. Simply walk into it. See all the planning and behind the scenes stuff for all the Star Trek generations. Then, just plan on enjoying the "experience".
Just caught this movie at the San Fernando Valley Film Festival and was really taken aback by its quiet power. Very much in the "Stand By Me"/"Last Picture Show"/"Summer of '42" mode, it will hopefully find a wider audience outside the fest circuit. Very well-acted by a mix of newcomers and veteran talent, "The Garage" has a great, evocative look, and subtly brings back its late 1970s, pre-MTV time period. It's one of those universal stories about small town life that anyone who's ever left home--or thought about it, will definitely be moved by. The music and cinematography were impressive, too. Check it out if it lands at a festival or theatre near you.
The director Alex van Warmerdam is known in Holland for his film "Abel", a comedy about a man who refused to grow up and who still lives with his parents, at the age of 26. The film, "De jurk" (the dress) also starts out like a comedy, but the longer you watch, the less you feel the need to laugh. The lives of unrelated people touch because of the dress and totally unrelated events suddenly fit into the story because of the dress. I could not discover a message in the film, probably because there is none. I found the film very entertaining, but was surprised that it turned out rather black and grim.
I would have given the movie a 0 but it wouldn't let me. Never in my life have I watched a movie and left it wanting the last 2 hours of my life back. This was without a doubt the worst and most boring film i've ever witnessed. To say that the story is lacking is a vast understatement and the movie moves at a snails pace. No life to the film whatsoever. The only redeeming quality was the cast. Although given the experience of the cast, one would expect a much better product. I say with complete certainty that this is the worst movie i've ever seen, even worse than Daredevil.
People get really impressed of movies like "Team America", but this 30 year old movie doesn't even give space for competition. That something like this could be made 30 years ago is fantastic itself. They even started the shooting as early as in the late sixties. What makes this movie different from other movies in the same genre, is the characters. The details takes your breath away. I can't imagine how much time and effort Ivo Caprino has spent on this movie project. It is really a genuine masterpiece. Just see this movie. I haven't seen the translated versions, but if they are 10% as good as the original, it's worth it.
I was very impressed with The Best Man. As an avid moviegoer, this was the very first Black movie made in recent decades that was done right. As a first major endeavor for Malcolm Lee, my hat is off to him for portraying young, successful, upper-middle class African-Americans in a solid storyline that was at once heart-warming, funny, serious at times, but light at others. Overall... simply very well done. The character's development was executed eloquently and, at times so subtly, I nearly missed some things. The cinematography, costumes and sets were all as they should be: done with class. This young, successful, upper-middle class African-American says thanks for finally doing it right.
One thing that this film is known for in the original uncut version is it's "subliminal messages". During the sex scenes (and many others), a text message was flashed on the screen or 1 or 2 frames. This could range from "SEX" and "KILL" to "EAT" and "LAUGH". I have never heard if this had any impact on the audience however. But even without this, the film is good and tracks the rise and fall of an actor that moves from Porn to Soap Opera. This may well be where some of the concepts for the more recent "Boogie Nights" may have come from. There are many similar sceens in these two movies.
The official website for Nowhere parallels it with modern teen-struggle classics such as The Breakfast Club. Nowhere, however, is missing several of these movies' essential qualities. I enjoyed The Breakfast Club because I was able to relate to all of the characters. While they were each deviant in their own way, they all had the maturity to ultimately understand each other and reconcile their differences. The character's lives in Nowhere are entirely directionless. Their thoughts, actions, and speech are never intelligent. I found it insulting that the story is supposed to represent my generation, or at least have me relate to it. Representing "genuine and sincere feelings" does not mean stupid and self-detrimental actions.
Now I admit that the acting was a bit shoddy, but I believe that overall it wasn't that bad for a no-name cast. Also the soundtrack to the movie was very good. I mean, opening up the movie with "Strange disease" by Prozzak? That was not only great, that was also very fitting to the movie. And I never thought that I would live to see a movie where the song "Magic Chicken!" by the Aquabats would be fitting. The movie was funny. Very good for a made for TV movie, I just wish that I could get it on tape so that I could force all of my friends to watch it.
This film looks at the lives of an American cabaret performer and a British writer in 1931 Berlin as the Nazis are coming into power. The musical numbers, which are confined to a nightclub, are excellent, brimming with energy. Most of the film, however, is devoted to the vapid love life of Minnelli and York, and it is not very interesting. Minnelli performs with gusto, but she and York have no chemistry and their relationship is not believable. They become the best of friends hours after meeting. While Fosse gets credit for the musical numbers, what was the Academy thinking in giving him the Best Director Oscar over Francis Ford Coppola for "The Godfather?"
The authentic definitive Hollywood film record for posterity of one of the two core dynamics which made/makes the American West: Post "Civil War" Northerners ["yankees"]-verses-Southerners, equals--"Westerners!"...What a stupendous clash of titans! (The other of the two fundamental dynamics was of course the "clash" with Native Americans ["Indians"].)...The same conflicts of culture, politics, "vision", bitterness/resentments/revenge--even language and religion (or the lack thereof) fermented before and during the "Civil War" were continued/extended to "the West" for at least 20 years following the close of the great "War Between the States", with that most famous of bar room brawls gloriously epitomising/personifying these very conflicts! A "must see" for any serious student of real American (especially Southern) History!
i was a little uncertain when i was first introduced to this film...my friend had bought it and it really didn't seem interesting, i mean come on...another nazi v. jew film but i was surprised... this story is origional following a little boy who is left alone and is being hunted by the nazi's. his courage comes from a book and his best friend is a little mouse named snow... the story follows the boy as he decides to wait in dangerous territory for his father, whom although was taken away, promised to return... this is a touching story and a great chapter for anyone iterested in this tragic time period...
The 60s (1999) D: Mark Piznarski. Josh Hamilton, Julia Stiles, Jerry O'Connell, Jeremy Sisto, Jordana Brewster, Leonard Roberts, Bill Smitrovich, Annie Corley, Charles S. Dutton. NBC mini-series (later released to video/DVD as full length feature film) about the treacherous 1960s, as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family. The film's first half is driven by the excellent performance of Dutton as Reverend Willie Taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families. However, Dutton's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull, incoherent, and downright awful 2nd half. RATING: 4 out of 10. Not rated (later rated PG-13 for video/DVD release).
this is without a doubt the second greatest movie ever right after frank Capra's Mr. smith goes to Washington its the best highly recommended if you have not seen it buy it great movie awesome scary awesome adventurous cool love this movie great acting great plot great movie buy this movie for real got to buy dis movie for real it is cool love it is awesome highly recommended a don cascara classic everything you want in a movie is right here a horror classics better than all Hitchcock movies better than everything (except Mr. smith goes to Washington)it is a great movie cant explain until you see it a must see great movie
This is a really great twist on the story. My family and I (3 girls, 4 boys and myself) find it a nice overlapping of values and virtues for families. The characters are well rounded and interesting. Atreyu and Bastian are really good "copies" of each other in their own worlds. It is nice to see the tie-ins from world to world and the storyline stays very straight- there's no confusion as to what is going on. The child-like empress was a very good choice for this story. Her sister, Xayide, is all that the child-like empress is not: hateful, greedy, vain, evil, etc. This is a great adventure!
I have seen the 1995, 1986, 1973 and 1939 versions of A Little Princess and, of all of them, this is my favorite. The acting is much better than in the more recent 1995 version and I appreciate how closely this adaptation sticks to the book. Amelia Shankley puts in a commendable performance as a most convincing Sara, and Nigel Havers supurbly portrays the festering guilt of the "Indian gentleman". Glowing supporting cast performances, particularly the heartwarming rendition of Ram Dass, played by Tariq Alibai round out this WonderWorks production. The lavish Victorian sets and costumes provide an authentic backdrop. Like the previous reviewer, I can't wait until this one comes out on DVD!
in fact,it's basically the same movie.and they couldn't even get the time line of events correct.maybe that was intentional due to laziness or not caring.either way,this thing is a real woofer.it doesn't even deserved to be called a movie.i viewed this as a so called second feature on the disc containing the original The Boogeyman.i thought my head would explode,and i urge you to run as far in the opposite direction of this thing,if you should be cursed with the misfortune of combing across it's path.it should come with a warning label like:Warning-may cause your i.q to drop several points if you are within it's vicinity.for me,there's no doubt this thing is a 0/10
Victor says to Clara in Bulgarian 'As Imam Odin Golyam Kur' and says her this means let's move the stuff. In Bulgarian that means 'I have a big penis'. Bulgarian is not common language that any people who know few languages would understand what he is saying.So 99% of the people who watch it don't know Bulgarian.That means they don't have to understand details. Like most of the Spanish movies I have watched, it has sexuality on it. The problems that people might get in their lives spontaneously. It's interesting that the accidental shot fired by Elena changed her life and the life of 5 other people. Overall it's a nice movie to see.
In my opinion I didn't think Transformers: Armada wasn't that bad. I thought it was good. This was the first Transformers series I watched and I literally grew up with it. To me Transformers: Armada was sometimes emotional, heart pounding, and dramatic. I really like this show so much that I wanted to buy the DVD. So to all haters out there at least give this a chance for goodness sake. I think this was the best series c'mon at least they brought back some G1 characters. If you hate what I wrote then fine but watch Transformers: Armada give it a try. I gave it try when I first watched it.
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this romp of nonsense. In fact, we're still singing that crazy "Four Months at Sea" song and laughing about it. Sure, it is improbable, but the actors are obviously having fun, making it such a pleasure to watch. Imagine a bunch of no-talent prisoners attempting a musical to "please" their warden (and escape)? Can they pull it off without killing themselves laughing at their ridiculousness? That's entirely debatable. The songs are catchy, the casting of the musical characters (think con-jobs) hilarious, the costumes.... well, see for yourself. This is one film we are planning to buy and keep. Just what is needed when stuck in lousy winter weather.
Terrible, simply terrible. A disgrace to the works of Jules Vern. The movie bears very little resemblance to Vern's book and destroys or abandons all the best elements of the story. If you are interested in Mysterious Island rent one of previous productions. This isn't worth watching even if it is free on TV. There is no excuse for having CG this bad in a movie made in 2005. Even in a low budget movie made overseas. I could produce better CG in my garage on my Mac. The Dune reunion is what initially caught my attention. Patrick Stewart and Kyle MacLachlan seem to by trying, but they can't save this disgrace.
The short story that BUGCRUSH is based on was originally written by the artist/filmmaker Scott Treleaven (not Steve). The story, which is also entitled 'Bugcrush', originally appeared in the horror anthology 'QUEER FEAR 2', edited by horror writer/essayist Michael Rowe, and was published by Arsenal Pulp Press (2003). The film follows the story very accurately, creating the same kind of lingering threat of sexual violence/fulfillment, and using a lot of the stilted, crushed-out teen dialog that made the story so effective. Although he's mostly known as a visual artist, Treleaven also wrote, and directed, the cult films QUEERCORE (1996), and THE SALIVATION ARMY (2002), as well as a number of other scripts and stories.
I thought Blue Hill Avenue was very well written. Allen Payne and Angelle Brooks were phenomenal together. I would have love to have seen a LOVE scene between them, but Maybe Next Time. I like All the movies Allen play's in. Including New Jack City where he got shot. And Jason's Lyric, with Jada Pinkett Smith. Angelle Brooks is quite the Actress herself. I've enjoyed All her movie's too. I'm glad to see more African-American's today getting better position's, in movie's. And in Business, Today. I look forward to seeing both Actor's in Movie's to come. Allen Payne is just a dreamboat. I wonder if he's still married. I really appreciate them as Entertainer's.
This film is shown occasionally on IFC and is worth watching,some of the performances are quaint and subtle, and the romantic comedy is understated (Though I'm from the states I don't like over the top Hollywood "romantic comedies",actually find them saccharine and intolerable.) Needless to say,the vignettes here are a breath of fresh air. Worth noting is the performance of Sabine Azema,as Charlotte,Isabelle Carre as Gaelle, and Lambert Wilson as Dan. The sets are original and in the backdrop of snow, in the city of Paris. Romantic and ironic, never trite or cloying. Worth more than one view for audiences with taste who cannot stomach yet another Hollywood serving of trite romance. Recommended.9/10.
When I saw the film with my lover he said, "Who knew he could preach!" when Duval performed his final sermon. It is an awe-inspiring performance. I am a pastor's kid and my father was good, Duval shows greatness. In the film Duval's character is deeply flawed but also deeply faithful. What makes this film great is a clear view of evil to redemption to punishment to resolution. In 97 there were only two truly moral flms. Very different films. Boogie Nights for family values and loyalty, and The Apostle about redemption. What and incredible year with two profound films in the same year.
this is very good movie about the wreck of titanic it is unscripted and the don't now Wat they are doing they test new robots name bot1 and bot2 later the changed their name into Jake and Elwood just like Blusebrothers and then they explore the ship in places that had never seen since 1912 i will give this movie 8 because i liked it wen the were telling the story about the ship and they show the rooms digital-ed in computer it is very cool. and on the end wen bot brakes down and the other bot have to rescue it so i just think this is very good historic movie james
The movie was very sweet, I was happy I rented it. Although I wish someone would explain the R rating. I thought the guy playing the redneck was very funny. And he's either a very good actor, or a real weird person. I don't want to spoil the movie but glad the two boys find happiness. In fact I found myself thinking about the coffee scene and thinking of my boss. Over all a fun movie a lot different than I generally would rent but very glad I did. Has the redneck done any more movies, and what was his name. If anyone from the film reads this tell him he has a fan.
The other reviewers are right. Horrible acting, horrible direction, and a half-witted story line make this one of the worst movies I ever rented. The movie is amateurish at best, and you're sure to find better films on youtube.com. They must've had like a 1,000 dollar budget. And it all went to Cobbs. I thought that little picture on the cover was for some independent film award, but it's obviously recognition for longest home video. It's not scary, nor suspenseful. It's actually an embarrassment to all movies that don't suck this much. My only question is this: Who is that idiot that gave it a good review? He must be blind, deaf AND stupid.
this is the first Simbhu movie i've seen and wow!i just keep watching this movie over and over again.is it because of Simbhu himself?is it the songs?is it cuz Simbhu wrote it?or is it because of the twist? i must say the twist at the end had me shocked.i didn't expect it.i believed the whole thing to the twist.amazing.i loved Simbhu in both characters.more so Manmadhan than the twin.i loved Simbhu as a psycho.can't wait for Vallavan (the sequel).this movie is highly recommended.Simbhu is too good in this one.Jyothika is awesome.everyone else is perfectly casted.songs are amazing.i love En Asai Mythiliye and Thathai Thathai the most.the most amazing movie i've seen in a while.
I could spend hours trying to come up with the perfect words to describe "61*" Simply put, its one of the best baseball movies I have ever seen. Barry Pepper and Thomas Jane ARE Maris and Mantle. Billy Crystal did an exceptional job directing this picture. The acting is excellent. A great part of the movie is seeing all the old ballparks that have been refaced and digitally made to look like the parks did in 1961. Turning Tiger Stadium into Yankee Stadium is quite a feat! I would recommend this movie to the die-hards, the casuals, and those who don't know anything about baseball. Billy Crystal -- Thank you for another great movie!
This was a bad movie!! First of all, I am Norwegian, so I understand danish, and the language Paige speaks in this movie is NOT danish!! I don't know which language she spoke, dutch maybe?? I don't know. And what happened to the actors from the first movie?? The actors in the first movie were great, but in this second movie the girl who play Paige SUCK!! And I hate the plot, don't directors have any imagination?? in this movie >_< nothing was good in this movie, the actors were bad, their clothes, makeup and their hair -_______- I will NOT recommend this movie to anyone!! Stay away from it......
Although this film does a good job of showing both sides of the abortion issue in positive lights, it definitely has a pro-choice bias. Despite the fact that I am pro-life, I thoroughly enjoyed the film. The writing is great, and the creators do an excellent job of making the audience think about abortion from various angles. From Demi Moore's attempt to give herself an abortion with knitting needles to a pro-life crowd outside a clinic, If These Walls Could Talk provides powerful images and intriguing characters. The three sections don't flow together particularly well, but that doesn't take away from the fact that this movie is a must-see for pro-lifers and pro-choicers alike.
It's just too bad more people didn't appreciate Bobby Van when he was around. I've never seen him before, but I certainly will remember his energy and incredible footwork. Where are they now? 50 years seemed to have taken away the fun of making a entertaining musical. Watching rappers and boy bands has diminished our appreciation of what dance was all about. Donald OConnor, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Danny Kaye all had desire that is lacking in movies now. Perhaps the cycle will return and will get away from Gangsta rappers and back to a style of entertainment that celebrated life rather than threaten it. Great work Bobby... Too bad I missed you. ......Wayne
Yes, this movie was truly pathetic. As another viewer points out, the mountain did an excellent job. Other than that, embarrassing. Terrible and inconsistent Russian accents, not to mention offensive stereotyping. A doctor who can diagnose "internal hemorrhaging" by touching the outside of an injured climber's parka. The female Russian climber actually looks like she is wearing jeans. The impossibly implausible position of the cube. The RIDICULOUS final climb with the cube--what is he holding on to? It is so clearly shot with them lying down horizontally. Flying effects that looked like a SNL skit. Nevertheless, it was still rather fun to watch how this train wreck of a movie would get worse.
This was the fourth - and last - fantasy adventure for the actor-director team of Doug McClure and Kevin Connor after THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT (1974; undeniably the best of the bunch), AT THE EARTH'S CORE (1976) and THE PEOPLE THAT TIME FORGOT (1977). The result - silly and terminally juvenile - is a disappointment: besides wasting a good cast (Daniel Massey, Michael Gothard and Cyd Charisse), the sci-fi trappings of the plot are ill-suited to the material; the hokey monster effects, then, seal the fate of this low-budget venture. In fact, the location shooting (in Malta, no less, and the smaller neighboring island of Gozo) is among the film's few assets!
A story capturing my mind: although most of the audience in the cinema were laughing a lot and the two user comments I found in IMDB both claimed it was a funny movie, I found it rather sad. It is about the anger of a man who cannot handle his personal tragedies and decides to challenge the most powerful man in the village with no reason. The events eventually lead to an inevitable tragedy. The striking motif of self-destruction in this movie is similar to the one that exists in the Balkan and beautifully presented in some Kusturica movies, so despite the Irish environment, the director's (Goran Paskaljevic from Serbia) origin is clearly felt.
Patrick Swayze stars in this action crime drama as a Chicago cop from the south avenging the death of his brother. So the plot is pretty basic, so what, it is still an enjoyable action/crime-drama. The cast was very good in this film, which includes Liam Neeson, Bill Paxton, Helen Hunt, Adam Baldwin, and even Ben Stiller in a smaller role. The action was pretty good too, especially the chase on top of the train. The film also used its Chicago locations very well, which is something I like in movies. The film has a few faults, including an extremely predictable ending. But aside from that its a fun film for action fans. 3.5/5
Despite a trite script, Stan and Ollie, like two jewels, rise above all and provide some great laughs. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who wasn't a fan of the great duo, but seeing it for the first time was a revelation after all the negative things I'd read and heard about the Fox movies. The direction and photography was of a high standard while the supporting cast was adequate if not in the same league as our pals. Of all the sequences, I have to vote the 'bird down the trousers' sequence as the most memorable. No other comic team could have pulled off that gag so well!
to be honest, this is one of those movies you just come across on TV and watch it just to kill some time. at least, it was that way for me during the first couple of minutes but then i realized it was more about the man behind the cars. enzo ferrari is one of the most powerful figures for racing and one doesn't become as powerful for no reason and this movie is all about him. people who want to see lots of cars and technical stuff shouldn't watch this movie but there is the struggle of a man trying to create a company that will eventually become a legend.
What a great way to end the first season of the x-files.An apparent unrelated.minor car chase leads the agents to the discovery of what seems to be concrete evidence of a government conspiracy.The early sequence of the man being chased who then is shot emits green blood which has toxic properties is a classic.Also Deep Throat plays an important part i this episode though can the agents trust him after his lies in E.B.E?A stunning moment happens when Mulder enters the warehouse and before his very eyes is bodies in tanks of water.When he returns with Scully the bodies are gone much to Mulders disgust.He thought he had irrefutable,indisputable proof.This episode must be watched!
Lesson one: Let them see this movie. This is not the comedy that the trailer portrayed but is more of a light humored Poltergiest (which was also rated PG). I enjoyed it myself of course but would probably not take kids under 9 or 10. Eddie Murphey is still funny but I still liked him better in his R rated films. The special effects were pretty good but nothing just outstanding. This film was not bad considering it was based on an amusment park ride. I would go watch this again and I probably will own it. It was fun entertainment for almost the whole family. Check it out if you get a chance.
Okay I realize my title is silly, but this really is a terrific flick. Excellent characterization, fabulous script, good build-up of suspense, and really cool/creepy/gross creatures. Since the filmmakers had very little budget, they wisely don't show the creatures in much detail. This makes them all the more horrible and unnerving. Now, I was prepared to like this movie. I LOVE killer rat movies in all their forms, from the really wonderful Willard remake to the godawful but hysterical "Rodentz." But this went WAY beyond a killer rat movie, a zombie movie, a disaster movie, or even a horror movie. It's just flat a GOOD FILM. Go see it while you can!
Aljure provided a fresh look at Colombian cinema on "La Gente de la Universal", but it is on this masterpiece that he exploits all that his "cinephilia" has done to him over the years. He takes on a video-clip rhythm and shoots on film allowing a colorful yet moonlit cinema that goes on with the drug-related parody and gloomily joyful characters in which not one is secondary. It's lighting and editing contrast any other Colombian film and it's sweet artistic joy and euphoria carry it's audience through a ride of ecstasy just like the "pepas" of the movie carry it's characters. "El Colombian Dream" has arrived and we can only celebrate along with it.
I mean...when I first saw this movie, I didn't wanna see it, there was nothing else on t.v., constantly zapped out of this prehistoric black&white film, tennis on 2nd channel, rubbish on Tele-5, so I finally landed on this "Ahí está el Detalle" again, it was just beginning...I had a laugh, then one more, laughs got into outbursts of uncontrollable laughter, decided to turn on de VCR and recorded it almost wholly, I had to see it three times to get it all in (Mr. Mario Moreno talks so fast you have to listen twice) .It's the only one I liked by Cantinflas but the best comic movie I've ever seen in my life.
I used to watch this show religiously. Yes, I consider it equal to going to church. Keith has a way of lightening up the news while making important points. He can be depended up to bring in the very best commentators to back up his own commentary and give us the real facts behind today's news. Yes, it has a liberal bias, but then the truth is the truth, and Fox News needs to have something to counteract the falsehoods. I enjoy Olbermann because he just doesn't take himself seriously and her certainly has fun bursting the overly inflated egos of those who do not have America's interests at heart.
While there are a few weak plot points, this Asian movie is a powerful singular experience into the extortion of young girls into prostitution focusing on one young, innocent girl and the prime male mover behind the scenes whose performance is one of distorted excellence. How the girl gets into trouble, her boyfriend's convenient disappearance in the storyline, the haphazard escape resolution can be mostly ignored for the more intriguing and subtle harshness of the movie, the avoidance of graphic sexual content for more qualitative subtlety. The ending somewhat questionable in terms of the lack of character transition, does provide some fascinating questions regarding loyalty, Stockholm syndrome and such. Seven out of Ten Stars.
Well, this sort of sneaked up on me. There I was expecting a terrible little b-movie, but what I got was something cooler, odder. I am a great fan of "The Faculty" and my husband, Terry and I have been David Decoteau movies off late, so maybe it was a relief not to have to wipe my brow over another homo erotic escapade. The story is a familiar one, but it is told with some panache. The dead bodies are very coo and the dream sequences are great. Terry and I really enjoyed it and I am excited that there is a sequel. Bring it on! Brian
James Cagney shines, and at times even seems to glow in the dark in this rugged follow-up to White Heat, directed with great verve by Gordon Douglas. It's a somewhat neglected film, maybe because it's basically a gangster picture rather than a noir, and rather late in the day for such things. The supporting cast features Barbara Payton; Luther Adler, in a Howard Da Silva role, as an eccentric lawyer, and who almost steals the show from Cagney; Rhys Williams, effortlessly playing an American; William Frawley, for nostalgia; and Ward Bond, neanderthal as ever, as a dogged, corrupt plainclothesman. Good, fast-paced and at times surprisingly violent, this movie will not put you to sleep.
The story is a bit cold-blooded, but the dialog between Millard the mediocre writer and Lucky the demonic dog is some of the wittiest ever you'll hear in American film. And the sparkling cast does the dialog justice. A minor morbid gem along the lines of "Eating Raul" and "The Honeymoon Killers." The writer, Stephen Sustarsic, have a long and extensive background in television sitcoms, but here he seems to have let his unbridled id indulge in the sort of Rabelasian humor that the networks would NEVER allow. As it is, this movie's take on every writer's nightmare when facing creative paralysis cuts a lot deeper than anything Stephen King has managed.
England's most notorious serial killer - the fictional Leo Rook - stalks castaways at a desolate lighthouse in this surprisingly eerie chiller from Britain. Very atmospheric and very gory, as the gaunt killer (Charles Adamson) hacks his way through the supporting cast, comprised of his former keepers and cellmates. Pretty scary stuff despite director Simon Hunter's formulaic "stalk 'n' slash" approach. Heads will roll (a total of six, I believe) before the explosive ending. Even a jaded horror fan like me found plenty of nerve-wracking sequences to enjoy -- especially the lighthouse toilet scene. So, by all means, grab your rowboats and head for the mainland before Leo Rook catches up with you.
I don't know whether they give Oscars for casting, but if that is the case, the person responsible for casting for this film must be at least a nominee. I'm just amazed how such established actresses as Lange and Paltrow have been agreed to take part in this 'plot is thinner than silk-paper'-film (blackmailing? ;->). Every scene is predictable and the story itself has been told thousand times. There aren't any camera-angles that make you say 'wow, nobody thought of that before' either, so the end-result is very average. I'm all too aware about the existence of bad mother-in-laws, so this one just didn't cut it for me... 3 out of 10.
One of the funnier MST3K experiments. This was an ambitious film, light years ahead of Manos and Hobgoblins. they simply couldn't afford the talent or special effects for it. In terms of effort they get a 7/10. Almost as funny as Space Mutiny. I give this one a 3/10 because there was a passable plot, and some half-decent acting. The funniest part for me is when the wormy fat guy is in the plane with his evil boss and Crow cracks: "Sir, I'm getting a little worried about lunch, it's almost 12:30" or something like that. This one was fun to watch, even though it is strictly fodder for the folks at Best Brains.
This film is really just something to watch when you are bored. It's by no means the worst film on the world, but it could have been so much better. There are some funny moments, and parts where you do wonder just what the hells going on. You can decide for yourself whether that is a good thing or a bad thing. I did enjoy the beginning, the way it kind of gave you a false sense of security; how it gave you the impression that the film might be something that was completely different from what it turned out to be. But it did go down hill from there on end.
This "movie" is a pretty pathetic waste of time. Outside of a chilling (but predictable) performance by Thomas Gibson as The Devil, this movie really stinks. All the major horror clichés are stolen from ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE OMEN- there is NOTHING the viewer won't see coming as any sort of shock or surprise. Good performers like Matthew Lillard and Kim Delaney don't add anything. For a supernatural tale, there's really nothing in the way of special effects. The script is terrible, and the direction barely adequate. It blows me away that anyone connected with this film would waste time and money to create this piece of trash, even for something concocted for TV.
I think that The Flying Doctors are one of the best TV-Series to date. I'm only 17 years old, but I've seen the series twice already. They are showing re-runs here in Sweden now again, and I can't be happier! It's a fantastic series, Kate and Geoff are really wonderful, and all the personalities in the show's just amazing! I really love this! I just wish that Crawford Productions, or whatever it is, would distribute DVD, or VHS of the complete series. I've looked everywhere on the internet, but I haven't found anything! Anyone who knows where I can purchase anything? Anyway, the series is awesome and I hope they'll never stop showing it!
While I understand the appeal of escapist television, I never understood the fact that this show was ever aired. Utter tripe. Rubbish. A show that prompted bowel movements of such severity that the the sewage pipes cried "NO MORE RENEGADE....LAMAS IS KILLING ME !" Cannell really went downhill after his brilliant Rockford Files. It amazes me that the same human being could create both. Was he slumming ? Was this an attempt to appeal to those people in Spittle County, Arkansas who preferred Barnaby to Jimbo ? Who knows. Lamas is a pathetic actor and the dude that played his sidekick was even worse. This makes Quinn Martin Productions seem like works of Shakespeare.
The great Oliver Stone has done it again! Savior is one of the most horrifying, yet wonderfully made movie I have ever seen! With it's realism it captures you in a world of war with a feeling that you are really standing right in the middle of it. In my opinion this movies is a "must see", but it is not a movie for a date, a romantic moment or the family get-together. It is a movie that will bring you moments of extreme horror, sadness and tears with a realism that is rarely seen in movies today, and it is a movie that will leave you with open eyes and your head spinning.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The DVD should come with a warning label "WARNING: If watched, INDUCE VOMITING!!!" I felt truly let down by Dana Carvey, as I hold him in high regard due to his work in the "Wayne's World" movies. Also the preview for the film had good jokes in it... WHICH WERE NOT INCLUDED IN THE FILM!!! I saw the preview and found myself laughing hysterically at some of Dana's remarks and looking forward to seeing the movie (little did I know that such jokes as "the Neapolitan ice-cream" debate would be omitted to make room for crap like the fart jokes involving the ridiculous villain).
This is class TV. This production and it's second part Cold Lazarus was paid for by the UK tax payer and co-produced by the BBC and (also publicly funded) Channel 4. Several attempts at trying to find out why these two screen plays haven't been re-shown have met with limp excuses about licensing and the two channels not being able to get their act together to cooperate on a re-release. However, I'm aware both have been shown on recently on other European channels in other countries. Work that one out. The good news is I've recently got a hold of (legally) recorded versions of these shows. That's after almost 10 years of looking. Phew.
Wonderful romance and character study between two people who live on the opposite sides of the tracks.Two strong but stereotypical people pair up and evolve into very un-stereotypical unit and try to function in a hostile enviroment. The acting in the movie is so good it surpasses the diologue. The loss and love Spader communicates with just his eyes is a sight to behold and Sarandon projects a dichotomy of neediness and strength. This movie contains one of the best endings in movie history, right up there with Green Card. A truly uplifting movie that conveys joy, hope, and victory. What more can a woman ask for? And James Spader is a hunk!!
I was most impressed with the visual language of this movie that does not waste words to show emotions. The tensions are well reflected in the play of the actors, whose gestures, shrugs and smiles say more than a thousand lines. Another interesting feature of the movie is that it does not follow the easy path of romance that is "expected" by the public. In turn, it exposes a world which is cruel, unfair, where justice is determined by personal interests and where those who fight the system are seen as mad and excluded from the "high society". It is a movie about the determination to fight for something one believes in!
This is solid 7 out of 10. I felt as tho we weren't given enough details of the "story", before joining in on the movie. I think if there was flashback or two, or if the movie began about a year or two before the actions took place, the current situation would have meant more. I didn't feel I knew any of the characters, so I was not able to really care all that much to what happened to them. Acting was suburb, and the premise was right on. No sugar coating in the ending, and the costumes and "feel" of the scenery brought me to the 1800s. Overall, it was good, not great.
BUCK PRIVATES is the first film in which famous comedy team Abbott and Costello played the main characters. The story follows two salesmen who escape from the police and end up in the US Army, where they have many hilarious adventures. Probably the funniest army movie ever, it includes some of their funny gags, involving Costello who keeps turning on the radio and angering their boss, and the "right, left, right, left" scene. The film that boosted these brand new stars to success, BUCK PRIVATES is a fun adventure with a heart, for the whole family. Grade: 7/10 MPAA Rating: not rated My Rating: Ages 5 and up (some mild violence)
This is a good, mild, entertaining family-oriented fantasy movie. SFX by Harryhausen are good era & genre-wise. However this movie is not quite a pure SFX extravaganza, but belongs better to a fairy tale, say Krull or else. You get many conventional subplots: * good prince is turned into a baboon while his evil stepmother wants to see her own son becoming Calif. * belle princess in love with the brave sailor Sinbad. * a secret hermit from a mysterious island. * mummies out of hell, giant tigers, a robot minotaur. * only six moons to counter the spell. * a trip through the north pole. etc etc. A nice movie, very easily watchable.
Just rented this on Netflix because a friend had recommended it. It's not your typical...well anything. It's part horror, part comedy, part Marx Brothers, Coen Brothers, John Waters. And it's pretty good, especially if you like zany off the wall stuff. In many ways, it's groundbreaking...foreshadowing the confluence of horror and comedy that's so popular now (i.e. Scary Movie). Vic Dunlop is a stand up comedy legend, having worked the stages of NY and LA and having taught many of today's hot shot comedians. It's really interesting to see him in an earlier incarnation on screen rather than onstage. Worth a look, especially for fans of wacky comedies and movies that are just different.
Got see Species: The Awakening today and it was about as expected considering it is the fourth movie in the franchise ,a bit of a letdown from Species-111 but I could not say it was a bad movie. The acting was OK and associated special effects,definitely not a big budget movie and definite shortage of lighting for the most part. Helena Mattsson did not quite seem right for the part of Miranda,it was as though she was an understudy for Nicole Kidman with the soft voice and all associated gentle movements until it was time to be ugly, however I enjoyed it anyway for what it was,a good B grade Saturday afternoon entertainment movie.
It just didn't work. Alien nun? WTF? Alien taxi driver? And he tries to kill his passenger for what reason? They live in Mexico? Where where they the rest of the time? So why are they suddenly just killing people when Ben Cross and the Blonde chick come into town? Wasn't good...wasn't scary, wasn't science fiction...just wasn't workable. The writers could have come up with something more creative for the paycheck...and the locations could have been chosen better too. Basically, it all could have been better. Yeah...as far as sequels go...it should be written by the same people - especially if the script was big enough to have a sequel.
Within 15 minutes, my whole family was rooting for Goldie Hawn's character to die, or at least for Steve Martin's character to leave her. At 40 minutes, we turned it off. There are only a couple of movies a year we try that turn out so annoying that we can't even stomach it long enough for the story to get established. Normally I like both Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn, and I remember enjoying the Neil Simon original. So I blame Marc Lawrence and Sam Weisman. Combine the director of "Whats The Worst That Can Happen" and the writer of "Miss Congeniality 2", and I guess this is what we end up with.
This movie deals with time-travel on a large scale... And like most sci-fi films, it is easy to pick their theories apart (especially after almost 25 years). I think that many of us have a tendency to over-analyze these types of movies, when, in fact, we should just sit back and enjoy the experience. I first saw this movie at a drive-in (remember those?!?!), and during one scene in particular, the entire crowd actually cheered. This is not a reaction I'd expect from a large crowd during a "bad" movie. If you like sci-fi, aircraft, and time-travel movies, then ignore the nay-sayers and watch this movie! It's one of my all-time favorites.
Terrifying film about an evil old fortune hunter and his villainous cohort that plan to knock off his niece for her inheritance. Splendid film with memorable performances by Derrick DeMarney, Katina Paxinou and lovely young Jean Simmons as the three main protagonists. Great background music adds just the right touch to this British made gem. Unfortunately, the U.S. prints have been edited, altered and the title has been changed from "Uncle Silas" to "The Inheritance" (Why?). I hope that one day the American Film Institute will obtain an unaltered print of this film from the British Film Institute and get it properly played on the American scene. Great chiller that is definitely worth viewing.
What a mini-series!!! I absolutely loved this show!!! It left me wanting more ie, a series. I love the series Lost and watched Taken three times. So, I'm a fan of Sci-Fi. This captured my attention from the minute they showed the teaser. The story line was absolutely fascinating. And I thought the acting was excellent. I too enjoyed Peter Kraus in Six Feet Under; he's a very talented actor and I feel he will go very far. If the writers and producers are reading these postings, Please, please bring this back as a series!!!! I loved it and would watch it faithfully! Thank you for bringing such an interesting show to us.
This film NAILS it by juxtaposing the fast rise and rocky descent of 80's counter-culture commercialism with the tragic story of Gator and his victim. We get to know Gator as a wild punk, arrogant jock, immature romantic, and finally, a violent and dangerous man. He was made for stardom, but the path to skater stardom was even younger than its pioneers... he was the era's most notable fallen angel. I haven't yet seen a more vivid reflection on the style and attitude of California in the 1980s. It's very easy to get lost in this one; it's a sad, enlightening, and socially significant piece of journalistic film-making. Kudos to the filmmakers.
This terrific movie is one that I'll be thinking about for quite some time. It's great in every way, especially the acting of Aaron Eckhart, who deserved some serious hardware and even more recognition for the performance that he gave. While this is certainly not a film for everyone, it is yet again refreshing to see the chances that independent filmmakers will take. This is the kind of film that would never be made in Hollywood, for they would be too afraid that people would be offended. I actually liked the fact that I was laughing at jokes that were completely tasteless and politically incorrect in the extreme. We need more films like this.
Whether readers today are "sharper" or not, with these new Marples it's not a matter of reading "between the lines," because in all too many cases the lines have been totally rewritten! Dame Agatha would not have approved of having her work trashed by modern-day scriptwriters. Rewriting her stories (and solutions!), changing the characters, etc.: it's abomination. This new Miss Marple was in her own way as absurd a creation as Margaret Rutherford's version (which at least was not meant to be taken seriously). No one who respects Christie's work would approve of these films. I won't comment on her grandson, except to say that unfortunately not all descendants live up to their forebears.
This is certainly an interesting film. I discovered this film by accident at my local blockbuster store.At first as another viewer had mentioned found it difficult to get used to the camera format at first. The movie experience was almost like getting sucked into a novel possibly a modern day Camus perhaps.The story also perhaps was focusing on the lack of a social support structure in modern societies. The alienation and loneliness is realized through the character of Melanie in depth. The ending was open to interpretation by the viewer and i am guessing that she is moving on from her teaching position to one which might be more fulfilling. Overall a good job.
As a thriller, this movie must be one of the most "laid-back" kind of psychological 'who-done- it' criminal survey of the human potential for understanding and/or entropy of the freckled- mind ... Both main actors are just "plainly" superb and truth-worthy... Isabele Care is so natural and Poolvoorde so much "evil"...without "pathos"...The general feel or attitude rendition by the actors is just right to the point, with a naive witness and an faulted main character, whom reveals witness' ambivalent attitude and feelings toward the same perceived sick or morally tainted "main" character"...All subtle and slightly perceived, apparently superficiality felt by main "witness" character... Just incredibly well understood and acted by both main characters !
Upon watching the closing credits at the end of this movie, I was awestruck. All I could say was, "WOW." As a fellow member of the so cliche'd "Generation X," I completely identified with this movie. However, one need not be a member of any specific generation to appreciate it. Beautifully written, amazingly well-directed, esp. for an independent film, this movie not only touches on familiar conflicts in life (such as trying to make life not "suck"), it also has a somewhat sarcastic flair that would make anyone smile. Karl T. Hirsch has an amazing mind and a great eye/heart for what makes a film easily a favorite. I give it a 10. :)
John Waters is quoted in Hoberman & Rosenbaum's "Midnight Movies" (1981) as saying, with "Multiple Maniacs" he had finally flushed all the remaining religion out of his system, and that his intent was to "scare the world." In 1970, he likely did so with this. One shudders to ponder what he'd have to come up with Today, to achieve the same goal. However, when one considers the parade of human failure and misery that willingly allows itself to be showcased in a weekly strip's worth of Jerry Springer episodes, Waters' Dreamlanders, not only in "Maniacs," but in "Flamingos," "Female Trouble," and "Desperate Living" too, come off as a misfit bunch of lovable zanies.
Madhuri Dixit has done it again. She mesmerizes with her powerhouse performance, dancing and on-screen presence. The story is absolutely unique and well paced. It keeps one glued to the screen. Dances have been choreographed excellently living up to the reputation of Madhuri's dancing. The musical climax scene leaves you spellbound is an absolute joy to watch. A completely clean and entertaining movie. Go watch it and enjoy. Me and my family loved this movie. All the supporting actors have also performed very well. There are no unnecessary songs and action in the movie. Full credit to Madhuri to have maintained her so well even after having 2 kids. KUDOS to AAJA NACHLE. 10/10.
The phrase "they don't make 'em like this any more" has become a bit of a cliche, but in this case it certainly applies. This minor classic proves that there really was a time in which family entertainment movies were made for the whole family. The performances are excellent, especially David Tomlinson makes a gorgeous comedy villain. However, Dean Jones' play is equally recommendable, as the heroic lead is a much less rewarding role in pictures like this - while Tomlinson can just go for full throttle lovable nastiness, Jones needs to provide just the right dosages of heroism, arrogant charm, etc. to keep his character believable and flawed and likeable.
From scene one, this film delivers a long slow burn as the tale of power and corruption unfolds. There is little action, but the film is steeped in an atmosphere of tension and high drama. The direction by Michael Mann is masterful, an object lesson in how to frame shots and let silence, as well as words - and music - work for the story. Al Pacino is once more the great actor of early films such as 'Scarecrow', instead of the theatrical performer of recent films. Russell Crowe shows his solid 'ordinary guy'character as more tortured through losing his family than any of the macho scenes he portrayed in 'Gladiator.' A superb film.
This series, based on the life of Santa Teresa de Jesús (sometimes called Santa Teresa de Ávila) offers a historically validated account of the times when this mystic nun was setting up monasteries in the deepest depths of the interior of Spain. Excellently prepared settings, both indoors and outdoors, admirably carry forward Concha Velasco in the best performance of her life, ably supported by a magnificent cast. However, I would prefer you to read my notes on an abbreviated version of this series - Teresa de Jesús (TV) (2003) - with the same cast, recently re-shown on the Spanish State Television (TVE), which should appear on IMDb in a few days.
The Untouchables is easily Brian DePalma's most accessible piece of filmmaking. It is beautifully filmed and photographed and Mamet's screenplay is sharp and to the point. Although this movie isn't necessarily considered one of DePalma's personal films (e.g. "Dressed to Kill," "Body Double"), it is still, nevertheless, extremely well-crafted and never seems to be overcome by DePalma's indulgent tendencies. This telling of Prohibition-era Chicago, with Costner in the lead, boasts a tremendous performance from Sean Connery as the wise, old cop who teams with Eliot Ness to stop Al Capone. Some viewers may note the obvious lack of historical accuracy, but no one can doubt the pure craftsmanship and beauty of this period piece.
I read the first review (on IMDb) for this movie and its really bad. I then realised that this movie will go down all wrong for conservatives. Its all about 'scoring weed'. A lot of people can relate to this movie in many ways and thats what makes it absolutely hilarious. If your 'square' you'll think this movie is absolute rubbish. So move on now. Too all others i highly recommend this movie. Its up there with the first Friday movie. the low budget thing adds to the realism of whats going on. Don't let it turn you off in the first few mins or you'll miss out. Have fun.
I am watching this movie now and beside myself at how poor the casting was in this film, it is terribly and terrificly acted by most with maybe the exception of Tina's sister, a virtually unknown actress, maybe the actors have no comedic timing, but Pare specifically makes on camera acting mistakes I haven't seen since on camera acting 101, she is unbelievably plastic and lacks any emotive qualities whatsoever, there are no layers or dimensions in her character structure whatsoever her likability is nil, I'm watching a train wreck by a director who should've taken more care with his film instead of just collecting a paycheck which is what this film looks like
Horror Business Review by George A. Romero (director of Night Of The Living Dead, Dawn Of The Dead, Creepshow, and Day Of The Dead) " Horror Business is a terrific flick. Christopher Garetano has completely succeeded in describing the passions, the adventures- and the misadventures- of crazy people like me who, somewhere along the way, decided they... needed to make movies. Anyone who wants to write or direct should see this film. Those who have never dreamed of being filmmakers should see it for its humor and its pure entertainment value. Two thumbs up- both of them mine because, like the others Garetano has portraited, I basically work alone." -George A. Romero
Jenny Wright is engaging as an offbeat young woman--a bookworm addicted to pulpy thrillers--who is stalked by a monster right out of the pages of her latest read. Nicely set in Hollywood, California, this B-flick unfortunately doesn't have the budget to cover its pulp-thriller aspirations. Director Tibor Takács attempts to build creepy-funny tension and atmosphere, but the script by David Chaskin is too thin, and lacks both the wit and panache for Takács to get the film over the top. And yet Jenny Wright is a lot of fun (she's like a kindred spirit to Joan Cusack). Comedic thriller has some memorable bits, but it needed more production finesse and substance. ** from ****
This autobiographical character study of real-life New York City detective Eddie Egan, who also served as technical adviser for the film, is definitely underrated. Robert Duvall gives a convincing performance as Eddie Ryan, who suspended from the force after killing a drug runner. That still doesn't stop him from cleaning the streets up from gangs and other lowlife scum. The production values are surprisingly good for a little-known movie, it includes a lengthy car chase in which Duvall commandeers a city bus to evade bad guys driving all sorts of vehicles. I was lucky to have taped this onto DVD-R from Turner Classic Movies, since it probably won't be released on DVD anytime soon.
This is my second favorite Godzilla film. It has a good enough story, a great enemy, and good enough special effects. If you own this on DVD and you live in the USA, then please watch it on the "Audio Commentary". It will change your view of the movie. Plus it's a great come back against "Godzilla (1998)" which disgraced Godzilla. If you are a big Godzilla Fan, I fully recommend this film to you. It's a great start to begin the Millennium series which also has some really good films, among my favorite. Anyway, I give this film an A-. If you watch it with the "Audio Commentary", you will too.
I actually got my son a typical 16 year old to come over and see what i was watching and laughing at. He walked in just as the bridge was collapsing under the train. He sat and watched the end of the movie with me, then he actually started it over to watch the whole thing. This from a "its a black and white picture dad and where the heck is the sound turn it up" kid. And he absolutely floored me when he said after he watched the whole thing he thought it was great "but I prefer Chaplin". Seems he has been digging into my DVD collection when I wasn't watching.
I actually got my son a typical 16 year old to come over and see what i was watching and laughing at. He walked in just as the bridge was collapsing under the train. He sat and watched the end of the movie with me, then he actually started it over to watch the whole thing. This from a "its a black and white picture dad and where the heck is the sound turn it up" kid. And he absolutely floored me when he said after he watched the whole thing he thought it was great "but I prefer Chaplin". Seems he has been digging into my DVD collection when I wasn't watching.
This movie is by far the best holocaust movie ever. It covers an aspect of the holocaust is rarely seen in other Holocaust-movies, namely the destruction and cleaning of gassed Jews by other Jews. The acting work of David Arquette, Harry Keitel and Steve Buscemi is excellent. The setting is perfect (very depressing, as it should be). The music fits superbly in. You should pick a right night for this evening though, because everything, from the gassing to cleaning to burning, is shown uncensored in this movie. The ruthless executions by the German SS is uncensored. As you can imagine, it's quite heavy on the stomach, but this is a MUST-SEE movie.
This is a beautiful and misunderstood film. I remember seeing it as a child and it opened up the world of fantasy and adventure visually for me, it was a great film. Unfortuanitley, the film was not at all successful. For the reasons that the aliens don't come into until 30 minutes before the movie ends, and the rest of the film is the dramatic adventures of three best friends going through life and making discoveries, guiding themselves by their friendship which will last for ever. The film wasn't popular and I don't know how much it grossed, but this is really a recommended film for those that have dreamt of space and adventure.
My Blue Heaven is a wonderful example of Steve Martin's diversity as a comedic actor. I love his devil-may-care attitude in this one and his relationship with Rick Moranis's character's is absolutely hilarious. Martin plays Vincent 'Vinnie' Antonelli, a low-level mob figure who is turning state's evidence against a bigger gangland figure. He is in the witness protection program, and assigned to Barney Coopersmith (Rick Moranis), an FBI agent who is chomping at the bit to do some "real detective work." I won't go into the plot, but it is quite enjoyable to watch. One of my favorite Steve Martin movies. It rates a 7.2/10 from... the Fiend :.
Bleak, uncompromising and hard-hitting. The quality of the acting, scripting and direction pull together to create a contemporary urban drama revolving around the lives of drug addicts and dealers living in the slums of downtown Baltimore, a figurative cancer eating away at the American heartland. Based on the true life story of Francine Boyd (played here by the mesmerizing Khandi Alexander) from the book by Edward Burns & David Simon - subject matter experts on the Baltimore drug scene and writers for TV's "The Wire". As with real life, there aren't any easy answers or happy endings. With "The Corner" HBO raised the bar on the quality of television drama forever.
We bought this "disney treasure" and took it to our lake house to watch with our children over summer vacation. We will always remember the summer we watched the Mystery of the Applegate Treasure. We looked forward, each evening, to the next episode. So much fun. It is the end of the summer and they are still singing the theme song. I know it will be a sweet memory for years come. I wish there were more shows like this to experience together as a family. We ALL enjoyed it! With so much "junk" out there, it was so refreshing to watch something that both our children and ourselves could really enjoy.
By following the landmark first gay marriages of Massachusettes during which amendments were immediately being proposed to ban the practice, the film "Saving Marriage" literally takes the audience on a roller-coaster of emotions as politicians and people who want their equal rights battle it out in the legislative halls. This film is for everyone--for or against same sex marriage--because it is a ringside view into how banning together for a passionate cause can change laws, and how ordinary Americans can participate in politics that change lives. The film is extremely moving, educational, inspirational, heartbreaking...Where is the DVD? This film should be in all libraries, all classrooms and all state and federal elected offices.
Saving Marriage gives an emotional and compelling look into the controversy surrounding same-sex marriage in Massachusetts. This film informs viewers of the struggle it took to achieve that feat, and the fight that know goes on to have it overturned. Saving Marriage weaves its way through both sides of this political issue in a way that's easy to follow. It also puts a face to this volatile issue, and it makes you confront your own prejudices. If you have an open mind and view this film objectively, you might find yourself changing your opinions towards gay marriage. It's extremely well done and I applaud the filmmakers efforts to tackle this issue head on.
The true story of Hiesman Trophy winner John Cappeletti and the touching relationship between his younger brother Joey pulls all the strings to jerk our tears and break our heart. This is a humble TV movie that intends to be more of a study of a brotherly bond rather than a study in Luekemia. Although it succeeds in both. It's a beautiful story that somehow was forgotten as a movie. It's well acted and well cast. These tearjerkers of the 70's were done so well. There was the element of cliché and certain scenes were just designed to tear our hearts, but it all worked. Worth seeing if you want to cleanse your eyeballs.
In 1992, when "Sneakers" came out, the Internet was just getting off the ground. What they portray in this movie seems more like what one would expect to find in a 21st century movie. Robert Redford and Sidney Poitier play hackers, with an entire syndicate made up of Dan Aykroyd, David Strathairn and River Phoenix. Following a few strange incidents, the whole group finds itself involved in a vast, bizarre scheme. The movie isn't totally easy to follow, but the occasional comedic bits make up for that (namely the Scrabble scene, the voice recording, and the end). Not any kind of masterpiece, but worth watching nonetheless, what with its mixture of suspense and goofiness.
This is without a shadow of a doubt the best metal doc. ever to come to our screens. looking back at roots like blues, Rickover vagnars classical influence to the well overlooked blue cheer. to the true beginning black sabbath. showing the ex vs pressy and wife the gore's full front attack on metal and twisted sisters assault back just superb. the doc. stretches as far a gorgoth of Norway discusses Norwegian church burners and the fact that Gene Simmonds painted the phrase OJ. just brilliant. whether you like love or have metal its worth understanding at a greater level the preconceived. watch it love it hate it just rate it. thank you.
I am a proud owner of Volume 1 of this series (can only two entries be considered a series? - ah well, I digress) and this entry explains why there was no third. Volume one was an excellent retrospective of Makeup man/FX artist Tom Savini. Volume two is... I don't know what it is other than a waste of time. As other reviewers have mentioned, this killed the franchise. Fangoria had a great idea with Volume 1 - present an in depth background of an influential person in the horror/fantasy film making world. I was looking forward to chapters about George Romero, Rick Baker, even Jim Henson! (Black Crystal?) This entry killed it. RIP.
Not even Barbara Hershey could save this farce. If it was supposed to be a comedy it was a total failure. There wasn't a laugh in the entire movies. Bizarre plot. Too much needless and graphic violence. If this movie was supposed to entertain, the blood and gore made certain that it did not. Hershey was badly miscast in this movie. If she was supposed to be a sympathetic character, it never showed and that is too bad because Hershey is an accomplished actress and this movie doesn't help her career. If it had been for Hershey, I would not have even considered watching this movie only to be very disappointed in her role.
If you're looking for an Occult Lucifer-rising sort of film, this is a definite must-see. Omen was good for its time, but seems a little dated. This is not a simple re-do though on an old plot. There are interesting connections made between Science and Faith, and the ending was well done if a little predictable. The only negative features were the father's role was a little bit wooden (but acceptable), and explanations were a little underdone for exactly how all the supernatural puzzle pieces fit together. I'd recommend it if you're into movies like The Prophecy (one but not two), the Omen series (I-III), Rosemary's Baby, and other such apocalyptic fiction.
I thought that Bulworth was one of the funniest and most well written movies to date. Warren Beatty did an astonishing job in this film, a little too good now that I think of it. But really, this film attacked all aspects of life in the united states, welfare, blacks, whites, lying politicians, sleazy businessmen, all of it. It truly was one of the most ingenious movies ever to be created, and the fact that they got Warren Beatty to rap through the whole thing, that was a hoot. But in all honesty, I would have to say that if you have not seen this movie yet, go see it, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
This is an off-beat yet charming feminist comedy with a deft dialogue and great photography. The cast is top-notch, in particular Lorraine Bracco and Molly Parker. However John Malkovich's unconvincing turn as Italian Lothario Roberto is both funny and embarrassing but you wonder if that was the intention in this slyly witty Italian production set in Montreal. The conceit of the ladies room is handled well and becomes the centrepoint for anxiety and female companionship. This is, in effect, a celebration of female solidarity in a very surreal, Italian way with a quirky Canadian twist. It's not for everyone's taste but it's better than most films that call themselves comedy today. Expect the unexpected.
We need movies like this. we need to allow ourselves to be touched. So we can learn to be human beings, people need to learn to be humane to each other. Forget gender, forget color, forget beliefs, we all human underneath, we all drown, we all bleed, we all are scared, we all want to express ourselves, and we all deserve that respect. Learn to give that to everyone you meet. You might never see them again. I feel privileged these people shared their lives with me. We can learn so much from what the people in this documentary are sharing with us about community, and culture, and humanity.
I like Little Britain very much indeed. I think that David Walliams and Matt Lucas are geniuses. They can get into the mind of so many creatures and almost be exactly like them. I especially like the character Vicky Pollard, her role is so perfectly written and when Matt plays Vicky he brings a certain credibility to the role. I am also a big fan of Lou and Andy. David and Matt are just so sincere when the play them. I also fancy Ann (played by David), but that is manly because she's so funny. I think that I've put enough effort to this so my final words are: GO LITTLE Britain!
Little Britain is the best thing to come out of the UK in ages. Matt Lucas and David Walliams deserve heaps more credit than they get already. Everyone who thinks Little Britain sucks, have no sense of humour/ humor, and can't accept that Little Britain is funny even though it's not from the USA!!! When I watch Little Britain I can't stop laughing because the jokes are original and completely un-PC You should definitely watch Little Britain to see Vicky Pollard who is a ginger chick who can't make up her mind, and Lou and Andy (the guy who doesn't really need to be in a wheelchair and all the other hilarious characters.
Wonderful film with a lot of tongue-in-cheek humour. Alec Guiness is excellent as an descendant of a family full of (in)famous captains who has just one little problem to follow in there footsteps: he has a bad case of seasickness! So he decides to buy a 1000 foot pier and run it as a ship. The city-council though has other plans with de seafront and the pier does not really fit into their plans. The Captain can only do one thing: declare his pier as a proper cruise ship! This is a film that fits in with the other small masterpieces made by Ealing Studios in the fifties and I can really recommend it..
Hard to believe that Thirty-something Tom "Magnum" Selleck will soon be 60 years old. While Magnum was an entertaining series and a great post-Vietnam twist on the disillusioned P.I. of post World War II America, Selleck's best P.I. role, for my money, actually came as the anti-Jim Rockford, Lance White, on The Rockford Files. THAT should have been a series--in fact, I think it was originally intended to be one. Still, a decade long run as Magnum is hard to beat. Magnum was quality TV--far and above the likes of the A-Team, an unfortunate comparison I've seen made by other viewers in this commentary. Needless to say, today's dreck on TV can't touch Magnum.
An interesting movie and a worthy part of the Sherlock Holmes tradition. The most interesting part for was the use of the count down notes as the members of the organization died. It even included a red herring note. If the viewer is paying attention, it is a clue to the actual murderer. Agatha Christie, the well known English mystery writer who also has had many books made into movies, used a similar motif in her book, Ten Little Indians. The most fascinating part, though, is that this movie was made in 1933 and Ten Little Indians was published in 1939. Christie may have borrowed from this movie for her plot.
Pretty good movie overall in the sense that the story keeps moving and there's no soppy love scenes to slow things down. Acting was alright too and most of the actors / actresses were convincing. Ketzal's outbursts and coined phrases added that little bit of humour and if you just watched it at face value, you'd never have guessed the ending. Looks like this is a Quentin Tarantino or Guy Ritchie in the making. Just too bad he didn't come up with anything like this after. I've watched it a few times and will definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a 'light' movie or simply to find out what a knob jockey is.
What the hell is that show..This is basically what American teenagers looks like...This how MTV portrays them..wow... Laguna Beach does the same thing...All spoiled teenagers which the prize of the things they own is sometimes mistaken for their phone numbers!...They look like those women that freaks out on their wedding day!..You know the TV show..They don't know how fortunate they are and They dare to complain...i live in Canada and to me that is a culture shock If this how teen girls are......well...they would feel like living in a Survivor in Canada...we are not poor..not at all...But come on...this is ridiculous and even pitiful...poor parents... Its probably the worst TV reality show ever!
In its genre: fantasy and sci-fi this is a guaranteed winner. Yes, it IS Alien vs. Highlander... and if you don't think that sounds awesome, well then you're missing out. What lifts this though is a great cast, tight filming, good production, and above all that some heart and soul that's been missing. Honestly this is straight-out entertainment - the Alien is seriously bad, and the Nordic stuff is just how you'd want it to be. Just violent enough, with some horror, but nothing OTT it is very, very good at achieving its objectives. All in all a great film and a definite Sci-Fi / Fantasy con favorite in the making...
I really enjoyed this movie. It had all the aspects you could look for in a action epic movie. The CG was very well done and highlighted the intense scenes between the main character and the Morwen. I really recommend this for a night of popcorn and great excitement. Jim was believable as the hero, not to mention he's not that hard on the eyes :) Sophia Myles was fantastic as always. Somehow she is totally believable in every character she portrays. In conclusion this movie was like Alien/Brave heart/Predator/and Lord of the rings all in one. Some may find it hard to conceptualize but those with imagination will fall for this one. 9/10!
The music, the sounds, everything in this game is PERFECT.. I wish i could tell what Starcraft means to me.. But its much more that what words may define.. I bought maybe 20 copies and all the copies are stolen by my friends who hated Starcraft once (and they became fans too) I LOVE THIS GAME.. The game is about 3 species; Terrans , Protos and Zergs. You have to gather the resources of the planet and fight against the other species. Each unit has its advantages and disadvantages against the others.. The species are nearly equal in force and in tactics. All you have to do is focus on the strategy.
This is truly a great film. It is unfortunate that the only DVD versions that are available are in pretty poor shape (though, I must add, not in as bad shape as the more recently filmed Ashes of Time by Wong Kar Wai). How the translation of Hsia Nu got to become A Touch of Zen, I'll never know - and it's too late to change it now as A Touch of Zen is how the film is known outside of China. This film really has it all. Some wonderful cinematography; a great story; marvelous special effects (using good camera work - without the use of computers); and, some good emotional content.
Musically this is the definitive version. All leads demonstrate outstanding vocal technique and dramatic showmanship. It is some of Goulet's finest singing, Falk plays the perfect shallow friend, and Howe,the comic female, and the townsfolk tenor are fantastic.They convey all the romance of the musical, sadly lacking in the Gene Kelly version,(hampered by weak vocal performances and eccentric character portrayal, sorry Gene & Van). Although the production values were that of television tape at that time, the performances are so strong that a vivid memory remains.I hope that a tape of this performance will surface someday so that the full intent of the production can be shared. Until then there is only the LP.
Essentially a locked-room mystery, this is about as bad as they get, even for the 1930s. Lugosi is weirder than usual as one of several businessmen interested in a new method of electronic television (which was nothing more than a novelty at the time) that allows broadcast around the world. Oddly prescient (it's even projected onto a large screen), the technology is otherwise hilarious, particularly in the explanation of the murder technique. The acting is lame (especially the stereotyped servants), the staging hokey, the dialog boring, and the mystery ridiculous. Avoid this turkey unless you're just completing your tour of Lugosi's work or are interested in the 1930s vision of the near future.
My first concern was "The children! My god, what about the children?!". But as Drew Carey says "F*ck the children!". And well we might by the time this documentary is done. From a liberal, secular humanist point-of-view, this movie keeps interest high by small amounts of conservative ranting interspersed with large amounts of liberal ranting (of course much more thoughtful, factual and balanced), animation and news clips too true yet too bizarre. If there's a star here, it's Ice-T, with a strong assist by Pat Boone. I'm not sure where you'll ever get to see it, but it's a must-see on this cultural journey most of us travel, willing or not.
Just saw this film at the Vancouver International Film Festival. I was barely able to stay awake through the long tedious thing. The shame of it all is that this film could have been great. The plot of a woman wanting to search for the daughter she gave away while the daughter is searching for her could have been very interesting. Instead, this is an "almost but not quite" film. The acting was good but that's not enough. Some of the audience walked out. Nobody applauded when it was over. I didn't hear anyone talking about the film as they were leaving. Sad. The Sleepy Time Gal could have been great.
This show premiered when I was 11 years old. I instantly fell in love with it, and watched it faithfully until it was taken off the air. The chemistry between Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher was incredible, something you rarely see on television shows now. The idea that the show was based around Lois and Clark, and not completely about Superman, was great. The building and growing of Lois and Clark's relationship during the series is something that will never be duplicated. I could go on and on about the different things that made this show great. Lois and Clark: The New Adventures Of Superman is truly the greatest and best TV series ever.
I agree that this movie is fantastic. For 2 reasons in particular... 1.My brother suffers from Schizophrenia and some of the scenes really rang true for me. 2. I grew up on the Sunshine Coast and competed against Jennifer Copping in several festivals, etc (of course, she always beat me ;)!!) and she has always been extremely talented. I was thrilled to see her shine as Kate. She drew me in to her character's dilemma so well that I felt her turmoil. I can't wait to see her in Slither! I believe it won't be long before the rest of the world recognizes her talent! GOOD ON YOU, JENNIFER!! (the Middleton family!!)
There have been many movies about jails - or escaping therefrom - but none like "Big House Bunny", in which Bugs Bunny tries to flee some hunters but accidentally tunnels into Sing Sing, where guard Yosemite Sam Schultz locks him up. Of course, Bugs proves not so easy to imprison. Specifically, he always knows how to get the warden angry at Sam. In any Looney Tunes cartoons, it's great to see Bugs turn the power structure on its head; as far as I'm concerned, Sing Sing really represents the power structure, as Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were executed there for a crime that they didn't commit. But anyway, this is a classic cartoon.
This is one of the worst films i've had the misfortune of seeing in the theater. It was showing at the CMJ convention in New York back when it first came out, and that was quite possibly the films only stint in theaters. The acting is poor, the story is far worse, and we walked out when we'd reached our breaking point. Luckily since we had passes for the convention, it was free, but even then i felt ripped off. As for a plot summary, imagine a completely cliched, pandering, and trite attempt at "anarchy"; spearheaded by lots of cheesy intimations to "the man" and rampant overuse of the term "fascists". A complete crapfest.
Sure, Neil Connery is a bit of dud both as an actor and a character. The rest of the movie, though, is a hoot to watch. That isn't something you can say about "real" Bond movies like, say, _The Man with the Golden Gun_. Even Sean Connery could be boring. Can you remember anything about _You Only Live Twice_ aside from a few action sequences? Go ahead, I dare you. Nor is the plot of _O.K. Connery_ any less preposterous than most Bond movies'. If nothing else, it's got Adolfo Celi in a smoking jacket strutting around with a cigar and supervillainous music backing him up. More than worth the price of admission.
Interesting to look at. Acting is acceptable. The little friendship that develops between the 2 young people is watchable. The title is a mystery that is referred to a couple of times during the film but its meaning is never made clear. I found myself thinking at the end of the film, "So what was that all about? Did I just waste nearly 2 hours of my life?" I would say that if you are feverish to experience the ruins of Afghanistan and the misery people endure since the war, then you would probably enjoy it. If, on the other hand, you would like some kind of story, I would not recommend it.
The idea behind this film sounds like the stuff good comedies are made of: two very different people, man and woman are forced to share a hotel room because their flights are cancelled. The first problem with this film is that both people are fairly screwed up and are more annoying than interesting. The film then hovers uncertainly between being a comedy (unfortunately it's not very funny), a drama (not particularly interesting) and typical French pseudo-intellectual film where people sit and talk. And they talk a lot. Some scenes are mildly entertaining but about 30 minutes into the film you begin to wonder why you should bother finishing it since it's just not interesting.
A great Episode of South Park once again, Mr/Mrs Garrison decides that she is a lesbian, going from a straight man, to a homosexual man, to a straight woman, Garrison has got to the sexual preference of lesbian. The episode is a spoof of the film 300. cartman gets his friends to get their homework done by some Mexican immigrants which goes wrong. Once Garrison becomes a lesbian she goes to the "girl Bar" with her "friend" she met at the gym. They join with all the other girls to try and save there bar from being bought out Quite disturbing ending. My favourite quote "scissor me timbers". 10/10
I guess the age of Camelot is dead. Modern viewers don't seem to appreciate a love story about a petra-fried beau trying to save his gal from Vesuvius. Ah! His love was hotter than the volcano; but, unfortunately, he was combustible. The artist feels drawn to her centuries old beau and murder ensues in this awesome-effect B movie. The film is reminiscent of the mummy genre. The title character is hideous and scary. There is a love triangle that is quite poignant. Performances are acted with affection and the cast is solid. Direction is typical for the 50's (and that's a good thing!) Excuse the pun; but, this film is definitely not a 'potboiler'.
What can I add to the eloquent and comprehensive praise that this film has garnered from fellow reviewers? Not much more than to add my voice in agreement. Swimming Pool is a fabulous film. Not for everyone, sure, but for those of us who love intelligent, beautifully acted films with wonderfully unpredictable plot lines, it's a gem. I loved Under The Sand and 8 Women. Swimming Pool combines the best elements of both. The lead actresses are equally superb just as they each were in the aforementioned. And I would go so far as to recommend any film by this director. He exhibits a unique talent and is definitely one to watch.
If you like movies that are difficult to predict. This is one of them. Plus it is the only skiing-re-incarnation movie I know of. The ending does not follow logically, but for me it asks the question: What is next? The performances by the actors were fun. There appeared to be on-set tensions that were inscrutable. I felt the whole production was fresh. There are no doubt many who are used to chewing the chewed as far as film drama goes...perhaps they will find this approach confusing. But how does the truly unexpected enter our lives? Should we always expect to see the unexpected in the same old way. THAT would be truly illogical.
This is The Horror, that makes You scream all the time, all the way! Damatoe's masterpiece has mad a higher level, in the gore-hound horror feast in the early 80's. The brutal scenes, George Eastman amazing performance, and the unspeakable creepy atmosphere makes this movie an all time horror classic! A must see one! Love it or hate it, laugh on it, or scream on it, Antropophagus is a timeless and unforgettable movie in the horror area! So many director tried to make a copy one, so many film has built on its style. Unique and amazing: The Grim Reaper is one of the best horror film, was ever made!
A little slow and studied, but very worthwhile and ultimately moving. One of those modest little films that are awfully good but you may have to oversell it's virtues to get your friends to see it. Some will love it, a few will shrug and say "So What?" I've seen it twice now, I like it even more the second time around. The long, long single, almost wordless shot will move you or annoy the heck out of you if your impatient. By the way, my native Italian friend (who loved the film) says Tony Shalhoub is much more convincing as an Italian man speaking English than as a an Italian man speaking Italian.
A lot of people! and so do I. Seeing this movie at first made me think this looks good... infact I think it started good then gradually got worse then it just buried itself. Michael Moriarty (who I'm a fan of) was in his typical horror movie role similar to movies like "The Stuff". The movie dies right after Joe (Moriarty) gave Van Meer (Fuller) the book about who the people of the town were, The Vampires. A lot more could have been put into the plot it was like it was made up as it goes along. I actually purchased this movie simply because Moriarty was in it, absolutely for no other reason.
I might not want to go to a party with Peter Berlin but I really enjoyed hanging out with him for a while. It's a challenging film. It addresses so many issues but ultimately it is about art and narcissism. It's not a gay film. It's a film about making statements and Peter Berlin's happens to deal with his self-image and part of that is his sexuality. The film reminded me that we all define ourselves and that it's good to know yourself. It also reminded me to be in the fully moment and that whatever I think is beautiful is beautiful. Not bad things to be reminded of in my opinion.
I can't believe I actually took the time to rent and watch this piece of crap movie! It's awful. National Lampoon has gone downhill since their "5 Deadly Sins" movie. *Shudders* The only good parts of this whole movie, if you want to call it that because it's an hour long, were "The Whore" and "The Amazing Racist, Part I" Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy. I've seen film on my teeth that was more entertaining than that. Look, if you're gonna parody reality shows, do something that's actually funny. Otherwise, don't bother wasting people's time. This goes for YOU, National Lampoon. Get back to me when you become funny again.
This is yet another mass-market formula-flick from the (in)famous RGV factory. Well, that should give viewers an idea of what (not) to expect. Its difficult to recall which movie this was copied from. The multiple stories remind you of the teen slasher flicks such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "Scary Movie", et al. The direction is direction-less and not much can be said about the cast or their acting (!), or lack of, or whatever. Yawn. What next? Maybe they should try copying "The Blair Witch Project" ... but one wonders how they'd pull it off?! This is pretty bad stuff -- a 1 out of 10.
But when it comes to the review of this movie, it's all good news. James Wood is Lloyd Hopkins, the jaded cop who throws himself into one particular case after his wife, Penny, leaves him. Adapted from a James Elroy novel, this crime drama turns out pretty good. And while not reaching the heights of L.A. Confidential in some ways, for me it come close and exceeded that great movie in other ways thanks to an understated acting chops of James Woods. That guy remains a criminally under-rated actor. In my mind, he's one of the greats. Plus the ending is so VERY good. My Grade:A Where I Saw it: Starz Action
I could only bring myself to sit through half of this movie, then I couldn't take the pain any longer. I would rather watch my limbs on fire than this movie. IT SUCKS ASS, IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY. If you watch this movie, you will want to die. The acting was terrible, right from the start. The camera-work is completely horrible and lame. Everything about this movie sucks. Everything. The music in unatmospheric and sounds like it was made in someones mom's basement. I just stopped watching it when I saw the "zombie" that was a fat dude with black lipstick on. Really, that was it. Save yourself some time, don't watch this drivel.
I looked forward to watching sequel to 'Winds of War'. I must admit that it was not as good as 'Winds of War' The scenes are well done but the viewer seems to be just getting a narrative of all the major events in World War II including the Holocaust. Whereas 'Winds of War' arouses deep feelings and emotions but this one doesn't. Maybe I expected too much. On the positive side, Jane Seymour is much better then Ali McGraw in every aspect. So is the guy who played Hitler. In conclusion, these two series (Winds of War and War and Remembrance) should be very good for history students and scholars
This is a very nice film.Cary Grant is really good and Irene Dunne is lovely, and all the girls that play Trina are adorable.It has a very beautiful message.It is about a couple, a very young couple that can't have children so they try to adopt a little girl...they fight hard to keep her, and they win the fight and sacrifice themselves to do so.But the little girl dies, and they both become distant to each other... If you ever have the chance to see it...please see it, it is lovely. Though I am not sure about the end, it just seemed too happily unusual(not everyone is THAT lucky) to my taste. 8/10.
Being a Catholic I was very apprehensive about seeing this film as it deals with the occult and Ouija boards. It has an on-the-edge-of your-seat feel. The young cast plays out amazingly well. English viewers will recognise Joe Absolom and Marsha Thompson. Lukas Haas adds to the international mix. If you've seen this and Thir13en Ghosts, you will know that this is the better of the two - That's my opinion anyway. This is simply an amazing film, you won't believe that it's a Brit-flick. It gives a new meaning to the words 'Scary Movie' A few words of advice if you see this at night, you won't wanna go to sleep for hours!!
This movie goes strictly by formula, this cast made a much better movie, "Pittsburgh." This movie still has camp value. The make-up and wardrobe for the women is worth watching. How did they get all those marvelous dresses to Nome? And how did they keep them so clean and sparkly? La Dietrich wears hats that are strictly from outer space and makes her look Christmas tree-esquire. The script banter that compares getting in women's pants to playing poker goes on way over the top...but watching Randolph Scott and John Wayne go at it is pretty darned funny. So a 4 of 10 for movie overall, but an "8" for camp value.
This film sums up what's good about small cinema. They spend millions of dollars on rubbish movies and then this classic is produced on a shoestring. I thought the use of the football and boxing footage worked well, and overall it is a fantastic film from start to finish. Having just watched Crash, it is interesting to contrast the clichéd approach to racial tension in that film to the delicate yet ultimately more powerful way this film deals with the same theme. What a shame that, judging by the lack of response to this film, not very many people have seen it. Can anyone recommend films of this type that might be worth watching.
The cast is just perfect. The casting crew have done an excellent job. Roger, Tuesday, Corey, RT, Margret, Katie, Sophia even Owen are all good actors. It is 1000 time better than that 70s show. That 80s show is way more hilarious than the 70s show. The 70s show had crappy flashbacks and overall was pathetic. While the 80s show had excellent characters and the jokes were hilarious. All the crew performed above themselves. The storyline rules! I hope it is brought back because there is super potential in this show. Full on crack up! The setting is mad the cast is cool! 10 out of 10 for a Sitcom no doubt!
i would say that I've watched only the past 3 series and series after series its the same storyline middle eastern fundamentalist getting hold of a nuclear bomb and jack having to defuse it . thats about it ....................... zzzzzzzzzzz with the budget they have got you would have thought that they would have spent the money on proper sets instead of a car on a rolling track for example when the shots are inside a car the background is whizzing past at 200 miles an hour !!!!!!!!!!!!!! - what the hell is that all about i think that they should bring this series to a hasty conclusion because its done its time now!
I think that The Flying Doctors are one of the best TV-Series to date. I'm only 17 years old, but I've seen the series twice already. They are showing re-runs here in Sweden now again, and I can't be happier! It's a fantastic series, Kate and Geoff are really wonderful, and all the personalities in the show's just amazing! I really love this! I just wish that Crawford Productions, or whatever it is, would distribute DVD, or VHS of the complete series. I've looked everywhere on the internet, but I haven't found anything! Anyone who knows where I can purchase anything? Anyway, the series is awesome and I hope they'll never stop showing it!
I am 66 years old. I have never written a comment on this site. Yesterday I saw the movie with my 23 year old granddaughter. We loved it. Following the viewing, she commented, "Qhen we have hard times, we can remind ourselves of this movie and its message." Most people would have given up somewhere along the way with all of the obstacles that befell him while trying to seek a successful career. He never gave up and Wow!, did it pay off to stick it out regardless of the logs in the road. This movie leaves you with a message you will not soon forget. I cannot say that above most movies.
Certainly one of the top films of the '60s, this film was overlooked (misunderstood?) at its release and has yet to be "rediscovered." Lester's use of flashbacks and forewards is a little confusing at first, but it's also a vital element in what makes this film so worthwhile. The performances are first-rate all the way, including Richard Chamberlin, who has never been this good before or since, and Joseph Cotton, who speaks volumes in his brief scenes. Challenging and disturbing, definitely a film that deserves (and requires) a second look. Maybe someone will do a Lester retrospective (he also did the Beatles' first films)so that this masterpiece can finally find the audience it deserves.
This was something I wasn't really interested in and watched just because of the fine cast. An I was very surprised, how moving, funny and involving the three stories were made. But my respect goes to the actors who all did great work here, especially Vanessa Redgrave, and Sharon Stone (what's up with her, are there no roles anymore in Hollywood for her??), who both gave performances that to me were absolutely natural and unforced. A true surprise to me was Ellen DeGeneres, who is nearly a nobody in Germany, but who I saw last year in another surprising role in "Goodbye Lover". All in all a thoughtful and yet entertaining piece of work.
I have to wonder what goes through people's minds when they put up money to have drivel like this made. Adam Sandler has made some funny films - Anger Management to name one. But this... this appalling excuse for humour beggars belief. I can only imagine they thought they'd cash in on Borat's success but missed the plot completely. What's even more surprising is some of the people who are in it..! Did they read the script?? In short, I think you need to be on something (and something strong) to find this garbage even remotely funny. About as bad as it gets. I'll certainly be thinking twice before approaching another Sandler film. Avoid.
This is the basic western of man meets girl, looses girl. The cast is second to none. Mini Series on TV Sam Elliott plays Hugh Cardiff an ex-Buffalo hunter. With his shooting skills he starts the following the shooting competitions. At the shooting competitions he meets Ben Johnson and Timothy Scott, the 3 become good friends. The threesome get into trouble and help each other out. For a historical flare, the threesome even meet Wild Bill Hickok and go into business together. While long for a movie, if you like to just sit down and watch one for a couple/three nights this one is a great one.
There were some goofs which spoiled the greatest Mini series ever. The most significant was the calculation of age as opposed to time. In 1897, David Eastwick was born, yet in 1902 he was nine years old, five years after being born. Nancy Eastwick was born around that time, yet her fake gravestone read 1906. Josh would have been around ten years older than Eastwick, yet they appeared to be the same age when they got old. Accuracy of age, particularly where children are involved is paramount when making films. Josh's narration states Eastwick was born around 1878, yet it appears his actual age is unknown due to him being raised on the streets.
This is like a expanded soap opera but worse. Such poor acting but even worse is the plot. Parents finding their daughter after 15 years from her being kidnapped - I've acted more excited over finding $20.00 in a jacket pocket. Tania Saulnier is a babe no doubt but that can't save this waste of celluloid. There are just so many holes in this epic - when trying to determine if someone is really your daughter and hundreds of thousands of dollars are at stake - no DNA testing ??? Come on. While one could spend more time finding the flaws in this creation...... my suggestion would be to "Find" something better to watch.
I payed my money and saw this movie expecting a laugh and to leave with a smile on my face. I wasn't expecting Oscar acting, a great storyline or something that would leave a lasting impression on me. The performances were good, I especially enjoyed Michael Douglas's glam OTT character. The main actors also impressed and I was drawn into their romance as the film went on. So much so that I shed a little tear at the end. When I left the cinema I was smiling and during the movie I laughed out loud along with many other people. I got what I paid for and had a good night.
Now when watching this we know that its not real because it shows the aliens craft and what they look like and this would be hard evidence of the existence of aliens and this wasnt in the news. So we all know that this film isnt real but leave that and just watch a scary film. Now ive read all the reviews and they say its sh** scary and I agree, I watched it at 1am in the morning and was terrified. Now this came before blair witch so dont say its a rip off of the film. You have to see this wonderful TV Movie to experience one of the scariest movies ever.
This is one of those little films that one finds on the bargain bins, I found it that way, the DVD box got me hooked. Shot, as mentioned in the commentary track, for $5000. I am shocked. It looks just like the average $200,000 B-movie horror flick. I am not saying this looks like Lawrence of Arabia, but it is a great indie horror film, with actual character development, it takes its time, that is ballsy. Matt nelson is amazing in his performance, I mean, the guy threw himself into this role and that is admirable. A great film, great concept and a fantastic effort by Jose Cassella and his team.
I saw this film on television perhaps 24-25 years after its theatrical release and caught what must have been close to the original 1969 theatrical release or cable version. I was shocked by a brief, partial nude scene that exposed Debra Kerr's breasts (Burt Lancaster on the couch with Kerr). Now I have absolutely nothing against seeing breasts on film - but this had to go down as a contender for the least appealing appearance of a woman's breasts in a film (ranking right up there with Olivia de Havilland in 'The Adventurers"). Yikes! The general rule should thus be: with some very rare exceptions, women over 45 should NOT appear nude on film.
A couple weeks ago, I decided to go into Blockbuster video in search for a cheap movie to watch. I came along this movie and at first the cover was pretty cool and it had Gary Busey in it. What can go wrong. I was expecting Gary Busey to appear in the film for longer than one minute but that didn't happen. This is the worst movie I've ever seen and every copy should be burned. If I could give a zero for this movie I would but the lowest you can go is 1. Lifeforce is better than this piece of crap and Lifeforce is pretty bad too. Avoid it at all costs.
I can't believe I actually took the time to rent and watch this piece of crap movie! It's awful. National Lampoon has gone downhill since their "5 Deadly Sins" movie. *Shudders* The only good parts of this whole movie, if you want to call it that because it's an hour long, were "The Whore" and "The Amazing Racist, Part I" Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy. I've seen film on my teeth that was more entertaining than that. Look, if you're gonna parody reality shows, do something that's actually funny. Otherwise, don't bother wasting people's time. This goes for YOU, National Lampoon. Get back to me when you become funny again.
Not even Sharon Stone's breathless performance could save this movie from itself. Apparently most of the movie's budget was spent on transporting crew and equipment to Zimbabwe for a few outside shots, then back to the LA Public Library (aka Temple of Gold) to shoot the important scenes. And, of course, the big shiny axe, wielded expertly by none other than a dentally impaired James Earl Jones. Do we even need to get into the finer points of Elvira acting as the wicked temple queen? Save yourself the trouble, and channelsurf until you find a Tony Danza marathon - the acting will be better and you might find a plotline you can follow.
oh my...!!!THIS FILM SUCKS!!!!!!!Not funny, boring, idiot, incoherent, dumb ass,bad,bad ,bad,bad, uff! There's no adjectives too describe this awful and idiot film... What they are thinking??? Honestly, this flick is a back stab in Troma's back,and i like Troma very much, in memorable films like : "Toxic Avenger", "Tromeo and Julliet" and the one and only "Terror Firmer"!! "Decampitated" is a mix "Parker Lewis",cheap blood and the worst and terrible humor that i have the pleasure too see!!! If you like this movie, i can also recommend bad and horrible movies like this one:"Cannibal! The Musical" (one of the worst...); "Blondes have more guns" (...); And the fabulous "Alien Blood".......
this is an awful film; it could have been condensed into about 30 minutes. it was long, boring, and slow, with nothing interesting or compelling about it. there was bad acting on the part of everyone other than whoever played hirohito, especially whoever played macarthur and all the other Americans. furthermore, hirohito is such an unappealing personality--ugly, awkward, mouth spasms--that it was downright painful to watch two hours of him floundering about, accurate as the portrayal may be. i believe this film is intended to be a deep meditation on power's end, but its flaws greatly outnumber its virtues. it failed to convey an interesting story or to entertain me in any way.
I hate horror movies that evolve into a waste of time. The plot becomes too unbelievabe, and gets across as stupid. This film starts out all right, and is a cross between 8mm and Videodrome. The idea of a virus invading the mind threw the optic nerve, and attacking the eletormagnetic impulses in the mind is scary, and I hope will never become a reality. Instead of following up on this scary idea, the movie become too unbelievable. It contains idiotic scenes where the viewer says to himself you got to be kidding! I wish I saved the $15 for my wife and myself, but it has been a awful summer for movies. 3/10
Other than not being remotely related to the actual mythology, having absolutely awful dialog and worse readings and being a collaborative effort of six countries, it wasn't too bad. Characters die after being gored (and lots of gore, at that). The plot dies after being bored. No, wait. Actually, my wife and I both like Sci Fi, are fans of Stargate (in both incarnations) and Battlestar. We like those. We hated this. Complete waste of TiVo space. Think early Godzilla meets late Cujo for the beast effects. Think lots of syrup for blood and gore. Think Grand Canyon for plot holes. This would make a great movie for Mystery Science Theater.
Very amateurish film-making that goes absolutely nowhere. Nothing redeemable at all. This film could have been good if even so much as a single individual involved in the film had a clue how to make movies. I often wonder how much these movies cost to make. I wonder.. could this film costs like maybe $50,000 or more? If so, what dingbats are giving these people such amounts of money? I can't understand how many filmmakers there are out there who have no real understanding of any part of this wonderful medium yet they get money to make films all the same. Gotta give them points for that at least. Aaaaanyway....
If i wasn't in the middle of a blizzard and had nothing else to do, Id demand the last 2 hrs of my life back. Since you people generally like reasons for why stuff was crap: No plot line, pseudo-self discovery in what was supposed to be a romantic comedy, the self-discovery fell on its face hard, and in one scene stacy and barb start dancing around a room for NO reason. This was BAD. I wouldn't have finished it but i always see a movie through to its (in the case) incredibly craptacular end. What I'm guessing was the point of the movie: Buy a palm and get Carly Simon cds.
It's quite tragic when a fresh idea gets thrown out in the form of a horrific film, but this movie delivers just that. While the underlying plot is actually quite intriguing and original, the movie is simply so poorly made that one cannot forgive the creators. The opening dialogoue between the two main characters is a perfect example of what you're getting into when you view this film. You can't even understand what the two men are saying. The picture quality is worse than a fifty year old second-hand camera. The acting is horrible, the scripting is horrible, the camera work is horrible.. The movie is horrible. Don't waste your time, money, or eyesight.
Fabio Testi (Four of the Apocalypse, Revolver) plays the aptly named character of Fabio, an undercover cop who's on assignment to bust a group of drug peddlers in this lesser Enzo G. Castellari directed film. I make the aforementioned statement comparably to the director's other films off course, as this one is still quite watchable in it's own right. Testi is always watchable, but this one just isn't one of my favorite films in the 'italian crime' genre. It came off, to me anyway, as a tad dated and more then a tad more cartoonish. My Grade: C- Eye Candy: Patrizia Webley gets topless; Sherry Buchanan shows off boobs & bush
A creepy Victorian house surrounded by fog. Things that go bump in the night (and at other times). Creepy servants, scared children. A twist you can see coming a mile off (unless you've never seen a film at all like this before). Well made, solidly but unspectacularly made, and technically perfectly competent, but with a story and an ambience that is nothing new. Anyone who has seen 'The Woman in Black' (on stage or TV) or any of a score of British ghost flicks of the 1960s or 70s will find everything here amazingly familiar. That 'The Others' is being touted as a possible 'best film' for 2001 is a extraordinary (unlike the film).
One of the worst movies ever made. My friends and I walked out after an hour, so maybe it got better...but I doubt it. The humor is stupid and banal, but I knew that going in. What I didn't know is that no one in the cast would have any sense of comic timing, the production values would be close to nil, and that I wouldn't laugh. Ever. The story idea (taking a sweet Mormon kid from Utah and throwing him in the middle of the porn industry) could have turned into a really funny movie, but the script is dull and the performances are duller. This isn't even worth a rental. Bleah.
WARNING: If you know nothing about the movie this review may contain some information which may spoil it for you. Be advised. This movie was horrible, from a crummy plot and bad acting to the poorly placed (and nonexistent in every review) homosexual theme. I bought this movie thinking that it was a black comedy as it had been categorized little did I know. If somewhere on the package it had stated that the movie was about a mentally challenged man, who learns to get over his obsession with his childhood best friend, whom he used to have sex with, I would have never made the mistake of shelling out money for this garbage.
I saw this yesterday on video under the highly misleading title of Murder Reincarnated. It might actually be the most boring straight to video thriller I have ever seen. The lead actor seems like he's positioning himself as the next Jean Claud Van Damme--he's got the physique and accent but, unfortunately for him, the role is entirely dialogue driven and he can't act at all, at least not in English. The script is laughable, the production values non-existent and the movie is nothing but talk, talk, talk. Avoid unless you want to watch a supposedly thoughtful and uplifting exploration of the idea of reincarnation disguised as a thriller.
How could Willem Defoe and Samuel L. Jackson associate themselves with this piece of crap? I have seen better comic books. The only thing worse than the acting was the clearly improbable plot. The special effects were laughable. The acting was stiff and not credible. The storyline must have been written by a five year old. It takes far less than ten lines to describe this movie. Too bad the lowest rating I could assign was a one. Oh all right, the blonde was kind of hot. Nonetheless, it took less time to write this screenplay than it did to watch it, even on fast forward.
Poor dubbing, special effects, and acting- oh my! This is truly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Clearly made in Italy and then dubbed over in America to hopefully make more more money, this is a horribly done copy of Star Wars. The "story" is as follows: A "Brilliant" professor and his "Brilliant" assistant are kidnapped by some guys with Blonde wigs on. Some space station attempts to save them. Hilarity ensues. Every once in a while, a bunch of colors will flash across the screen for half a minute. This movies is probably best to avoid if you experience seizures. Actually, this movie is probably best to avoid no matter what.
I go to see a movie for two reasons; to laugh or to be absorbed in an adventure. This movie was both boring, disturbing and hard to understand (not even counting the subtitles). Both my wife and I had the same reaction and after 20 minutes stopped the dvd player. Basically the plot had to do with eskimos being cruel to each other in the worst crass ways. In one instance a family is given the meat from the butt of a seal by the tribe because the hunter was unsuccessful that day. While they're eating the other eskimos taunt the whole family. What a downer. Save your money and don't waste your time.
this movie wasn't about the interesting part. The story was rather boring. The costumes were very appealing as well as the make up. In this version, Elizabeth is battling Spain. Spain is trying to conquer the world. King of Spain, Phillip is Catholic, and Elizabeth is protestant. Elizabeth has a crush on Sir Walter Releigh whom has returned from the New World. She becomes highly upset when learning one of her court maidens is having his baby. Also, Elizabeth survives an assignation attempt by rival Mary Stuart, whom wants the throne. The conclusion is the famous battle between the Spanish Armada and the Brits. FINAL VERDICT: Not that great. Only for history buffs.
Have a hammer? Crack yourself good across the knuckles a few dozen times - that would be less painful that watching this stinker. Don't believe me? Well imagine a movie with video game special effects and you would have, yeah! Mindstorm. I mean bad is bad but did they have to make a messiah out of this turkey? Aaahhh, God let it end, let it end! Really they did make this up as they went along, no one could actually script this stuff, could they? Did I mention...God let it end, let it end! In case you forget - God let it end, let it end!
Never have I seen beautiful women like those who appeared in this film fall in love with an ugly skinny brute with no sense of commitment like in this movie. This movie has awful audio and video. It was shot poorly and had a very ugly main character. It however did make the audience feel better. If a really ugly person could get hot women, then anyone could sleep with super models. The main character is your classic example of an ugly man with a very small penis. He should be given extreme help from psychologists and plastic surgeons. If you want to watch a horrible movie than knock yourself out with this.
Am I the only one who thinks this is poorly acted and cheesy for even 1979-80 standards? Why did the great Rock Hudson agree to do this 'space opera'? Ay yi yi! I know this was way before CG animation and special effects, but good lord, the effects on Star Trek TOS 10 years plus earlier looked better than this! The spaceships on martian Chronicles all look like models from the Hobby store! No wonder this mini series was shelved for a year by the producers and network. What a crappy Melodrama! I'd love to see a modern update film for this story. It's such a great Bradbury story..... Ho Hum
The true story of Anne Sullivan, the teacher of Helen Keller, and her struggles to teach a deaf, mute, and blind girl. Set in the south on an Alabama tobacco plantation the story combines elements of family life, psychology and persistence. The movie teaches not to pity or treat someone as a lesser because of a handicap. The acting was good. The script writing however was mediocre and lacked elements of excitement. The plot line at times became uninteresting, but the ending was dramatic and captivating. I found this movie to be of mediocre quality. I would not consider the movie extremely entertaining, but would suggest watching it to learn more about Helen Keller.
OK, so he's not a perfect stranger by the end of the movie. We do learn just a little about him. But nonetheless, you feel more or less the way you would if protocol required that you attend the wake of someone you had not even a passing acquaintance with. Respectful in the face of Death, duly serious, yes, but also somewhat bored and hoping you can get away quickly. Still, the spectacle of a man so intent on suicide, and finding it surprisingly difficult, was rather interesting. I would not have regretted seeing this movie, were it not for the ending, which scotches everything, making you wonder why you've wasted your time.
I've seen some dodgy HK movies in my time, but this has to rank pretty highly in the roll-call of stinkers. An unstructured, clumsily-paced mess from start to finish, with little in the way of a plot and so much thunderous noise and self-conscious 'scary stuff' that it never comes close to creating the quietly unsettling atmosphere needed to set up the viewer for a scare. The bargain-basement 3-D effects (a surprise considering CGI-fiend Andrew Lau's involvement) simply don't work on a DVD viewing (and providing only one pair of glasses is pretty cheap!) due to the poor colour balance. I will think twice before snapping up any more gimmicky films from bargain bins...
I saw this film when I was a student back in 1988 or 1989. A friend and I hired it on video. It has got to be one of the most dire films I have ever seen. Totally derivative, unoriginal, cheap, tacky, badly acted, buttock-clenchingly bad. The special effects for the space battles are lifted directly from Battle Beyond The Stars. Strangely enough, I've seen another film that has done this, so maybe the makers of BBTS sold the rights to that footage to make some money. Bearing in mind that I am writing this review 11 years after seeing the film, I'd give it a huge thumbs down at 1/10.
The film was really disappointing. I cannot believe that the director was Martin Scorsese. At the end of the film I asked myself; What did the film want to tell? What was its aim? The psychological problems the brides were having could not be mentioned properly throughout the film. The film told the problems of only two women (Niki and Haro). The problem about the Russian girls could not be understood and stayed unanswered. The American photographer (Mr.Harris) was acting awful, his sentences were real-clichés. Niki's hair's turning white was not dramatic but comic. There were also inconsistent events. The dialogs were poor in general. In short the film was a waste of time.
It is a very disappointed film. We have waited long to see a film of actions and effects, but the film makers delivered a lousy long story with made up politics. You have to waste the first hour for a weak story to develop. Nevertheless, the effects are still worth waiting for, just too short. And the ending also too standard and fast, just like all the HK films, the film makers seems to spend all the money and have to wrap up with anything on hand. All in all, you should go to the cinema 60 mins after the show time and for the remains, don't expect too much, just watch effects.
I got this movie by doing a search of Piper Perabo movies, trying to find something as good as Imagine Me & You, which I saw her in. So far I have been striking out. This movie was no help. Perabo is awful here, with a very poor accent and bad acting. That said, there was no one else in the picture worth checking out. The script was bad. The premise was tired. We've seen it all before, done better. But above all, this teen comedy does something that makes all other consideration moot, it is not funny. It's not even interesting! Actually, it is just annoying. A great movie to MISS.
Obviously, you have to judge this for what it is and that's a low budget film. The effort is certainly worthy of praise. Theo van Gogh is a gifted director, Thomas Kist a good DP and the actors do a fine job. The film's problem lies in it's screenplay. Yes, Holman has created self-conscious characters and given them confrontational, brutally honest lines that certainly exceed the quality of dialogue in the average Dutch production, but I didn't find the characters psychologically valid, especially Katja's. They never struck me as real people. Holman doesn't display a true understanding of the human psyche, which is unfortunate for a psychological thriller. Therefore, it could have been better.
Almost awful, but it is pretty. The title should clue you in: this is no "Knife in the Water". The patronizing and sophomoric literary-cluttered conversations are not "cliched", as suggested, they are down right insulting. The director seems to think she is still on junior year abroad, her European, romantic literary tour. The poor Sean Penn character even has to "subscribe to the single ax theory" of the murder, to use this film's continuously dreary iconic phrasing. Well, not to be too harsh, I have to admit that the letters from home and the gift of a cute puppy do ring an even softer tone. Airlines offer barf bags, why not movie rental stores?
They should have called the third installment "Highlander 2: forget about that last thing, will ya?" You can't just change the premise from the first film of what the immortals are, then bring back one that was dead. But aside from that, the screen play was awful. What? She gets out of the bullet ridden trunk without a scratch? (Bad casting there, by the way.) Ramirez holds up several tons of spinning concrete, then dies again? The bad guy? (Bad casting there, by the way.) Someone told me "save your time, you will regret seeing it". I thought "but I have to, I loved the first one so well". Well, I should have listened.
Sure the original theatrical version was bad but that was not due to the makers, it was due to a financial company that backed the production. Here (in the directors cut) is the way that it was supposed to be made. It has great action, great production value plus the return of Sean Connery. It gives some explanation as to how the competition began and it shows how Connor used the "prize" from the first film. It's a lot better than any of the Highlander films and series that followed. If this had been the version that was originally released on the theatre's in 1991, then the series would still have been alive today.
Although very weird and grotesque, the original Lars Von Trier's "Riget" is much better than this "americanized" version. The characters, the plot, the hospital itself... everything is lost in this remake. An I tell you, "Riget" can get really, really spooky. Also, some of the characters' evilness is completely lost in this remake. Sometimes it seems like producers treat the US audience as if they wouldn't understand or enjoy the weirdness of some Europe's film work, and I'm remembering The Office, another TV show originally broad-casted in the UK's BBC: the original series is far more fun, much more real and politically incorrect... Go for the original, it is a masterpiece.
Very slow moving and hard to make it through. It never explains the back story and important details. Instead, the viewer is led on the typical "seperate and get killed one by one" type deal. That's about all this movie offers, no real plot, no gore. The werewolf is barely shown at all, that is effective only if there is any REAL suspense. If the acting is bad, you don't care about the characters, and it's genuinely not scary then at least you should get some cool werewolf/gore/kill scenes. None of that is present in this movie. If you can find anything at all better to watch, I wouldn't recommend this one.
I will say this and then be done with it. This movie is NOT a comedy. It is not satirical. It is revolting and insulting. The little actual "footage" they show is taken out of context and is both abused and misused, and the remainder of the film is simply a veiled insult. This film is a sad stab at an area of history that the writer plainly knows little about, and it is infuriating that someone might actually see this and think any minor part of it is true. 0 out of 10 for this, and by now known reputation, anything else the writer might involve himself with.
Fairly desperate sequel to 1992's "Sister Act" has one-time lounge singer Whoopi Goldberg now a big attraction in Las Vegas, but called back to the convent by those kooky nuns to help bring order to a school full of rebellious teenagers. Poorly constructed script just begs for a lighter touch, but everything is hammered home. James Coburn looks appropriately puzzled as the proverbial villain of the piece (he wants to shut the school down, and after meeting the students, any audience may come to sympathize with him). Goldberg's mere presence brings a smile, but this is hand-me-down material (much more so than the cookie-cutter first installment) and is completely without merit. *1/2 from ****
Double Team is like the greatest pleasure in the whole world times 100. Van Damme has an excellent roll as Jack Quinn, a hard core counter terrorist who is out to get terrorist stavros, mickey rourke. Also teaming up with VanDamme is weapons dueler yaz, dennis rodman. Some of the fights scenes will blow you away well other things will make you laugh until you cry. Also if you are wanting one of the best final showdowns between good and evil then the ending of double team will blow you away. In conclusion, Double Team is a excellent movie for all you action fans out there with a love for van damme flicks.
The original description I read of this movie made it sound like it might be decent. Unfortunately, this movie is far from decent. In fact, the best part (some flying in the desert/Utah) has very little to with the plot of this film. This is far from the best movie Ice-T was ever in. I haven't seen too many of his movies but there is no doubt that he gives a much better performance in "New Jack City". The special effects are laughable, the military protocol is horrendous, and the acting isn't too hot either despite the fact that this movie features oft-seen actors like Ernie Hudson, William Sadler, and "Tiny" Lister.
To be fair there are funny moments, namely that we watch this in the knowledge that Sid is Cherie Blair's Dad and that Askwith and Co would have frozen their parts off as it was filmed in the winter (a fact that Askwith acknowledges in the voice over). It's like some surreal time frame now, everyone smokes fags, Askwith is unintentionally racist with "Blackbird" (their listing's not mine!) but still has time for some interracial bonding later, proving that lust conquers all. Probably quite risqué back then. Also it's weird to watch this and realise none of the ladies are surgically enhanced! Thats quite refreshing and earn's it a an extra point.
I can't believe I watched the whole thing. Characterization-stiff, standard veteran returns home, family murdered, standard very clichéd villains. Have seen similar characters in the bottom of a box of cereal. Action sequences-standard. No big action explosions, etc. Although that isn't really needed int his film. Friend of the good guy-standard, stiff, shallow character. Not like old days man, etc. I would have to say that this film is worth a miss. Even the lead character was somewhat unbelievable, he is hurt by the villains, does what is not expected. Don't want to say to much so as not to put any spoilers. I simply cannot believe I wasted an hour and a half.
pretty rubbish. Timothy Dalton's Irish accent is laughable. The portrayal of the English soldier as some sort of hero is utter crap and after reading other peoples comments on this film its pretty clear that they are motivated by their political beliefs rather than how bad the quality of acting really is. In terms of the conflict in n.i, no one has their hands clean. By portraying the I.R.A as thugs and then the British soldiers and R.U.C special branch as the good guys takes away any impartiality and leaves you with the same unionist crap about how the British were impartial upholders of the law in Ireland and the nationalists were all terrorists.
This is blasphemy! Doesn't Clive Barker have the final power to say no to a Hellraiser movie ?!? I gave this a "4" because it was mildly entertaining. The acting was hurtin' for certain. The lead girl was beautiful. The guy playing Adam's father was the only decent actor though. That guy with the asthma problem was not only a bad actor but, annoying to look at with his gooberish expressions. This was like watching Scream. This had very little relevancy to The Hellbound Heart. Look at the fat cop at the end and you will see how much sense this movie made. Funny, seems as though our heroine has a pretty good imagination...
Please do not blow your money on this DVD, I should have just tuned into the science fiction channel instead of wasting my time on this low grade soap opera disguised as a science fiction movie. Mediocre plot, terrible fight sequences, horrible acting. Don "the dragon" Wilson seemed like he needed a few more lessons, along with his son Brad Tanaka. Dan Mayid was more of a spoiled child than a convincing actor. The cast seemed like a failed attempt to reunite actors who were prestigious martial artists, but lacked a flow. Overall, don't expect much. If you view it as a cult-comedy, you may have a better time sitting through it.
The film reveals the Japanese's view of themselves as "the victim of Atomic bomb". The crew of the submarine Lorelei believe that they are fighting for their homeland and the future of Japan and hence sacrifice themselves at the end of the movie by surfacing on the water (even though the area is surrounded by US fleets) so that they can take down the US airplane which was carrying the third atom bomb heading for another drop in Japan. Of course the whole situation is fictional but the Japanese should know that they never needed to see Hiroshima or Nagasaki if those stupid Japanese war maniacs and that irresponsible Emperor had surrendered in prior.
watched this movie tonight, it was very very dry...we almost turned it off............................but we figured to keep going.......boy was it a mistake............... the acting.............sucked...............the plot...............well it was more of a made for TV movie based on a true story............... if you value any sec of your time...don't watch this...i want my time back but will never get it....just say no to indy films...they all suck...they are just like this... I was asking my wife.."do you think they got paid for this?? like the main actors" we figured maybe like a few hundred a week? awful awful stuff.. I don't know why I keep seeing crappy movies but there are just so many of them!!!!!!!!!
Characters evolve and Goren's character is just going through a change. It's unnatural for a person to remain the same throughout their life so Goren's character changing is great! Makes the whole thing more realistic. You make a good point but without change the character that is Robert Goren would become stale and boring. I wish people would stop judging and get on with watching the show as they would have done in the beginning. Yes, Goren has changed quite considerably but change is good and in his case it's especially so! Looking forward to the season to come. And looking forward to seeing how things develop further with all the LOCI characters.
"Falling Like This" is a jiggle-cam no-budget indie loser not worth the time. The flick has no story, no point, no purpose, no moral, no message, and comes off like a bad class project. What is supposed to be a slice of life flick about a couple of rebellious teens goes something like..see the kids take a bath, see them drive a truck off a cliff, see them play darts and look at the sky and drink beer and get busted and hang out and pitch a fit and go to juvi and...yada, yada, yada. If you want to watch amateurish films, there are much better amateurish films than this on late night t.v.
An hour into this movie, and I thought "okay, enough now; this is as much as I can take of this crap." I haven't seen the ending, and I really don't care. This inept piece of garbage would have even Ed Wood splitting heirs over its numerous flaws. Olmos, who is I assume either the son or nephew of that other Olmos - the one that played in "Blade Runner" - made this amateurish junk, proving for the umpteenth time that nepotism doesn't work. Not in movies, not anywhere. Movie-making is not DNA-based. Awful acting, phony-sounding "ghetto dialogue", muddled editing, an ugly look, and a dull plot. What more can one want?
when i watched this crap, it reminded me of the the title of the movie FIRE, Which is where this garbage belongs, in a fire. I don't even know what to say the acting blew, the fire looked really fake, Andy the chicks are'nt exactly supermodels. And lastly i don't know what you people are complaining i own this damn movie, yeah happy birthday to me Well i guess it could be worse i could be watching left behind 2. And to make things worse i have the whole set on DVD fire,volcano,earthquake,avalanche. All i'm missing is the awesome tornado movie which i hear sucks balls. Well until my next crap movie peace
... horrible, horrible. I made the mistake of picking up this movie at my local rental store based on its cover alone. Big mistake. '13 seconds' sucks on all fronts: the acting, the story, the sound, the camera-work - all sink below any standards I can recall having ever seen on this side of my father's home videos from the 1980's. I'm usually a fan of low budget and independent horror, but in this case there's no redemption possible. The combination of absolutely no talent and next to no budget calls for disastrous results. The only thing scary about this movie is that it actually manages to strike up some positive reviews... truly horrifying!
I rate movies 1 when I feel like turning it off, which was many times during this film. I didn't, though it seemed to get worse... He wins a grand, decides to get a date with Drew, the whole movie follows him throughout a very long 90mins and thats it. There were some entertaining moments, but a movie about a guy getting a date with a celbrity is all you're going to see and how knowing someone who knows someone else might know Drew. Eventually a website is made, which catches Drew's business partners attention, and Drew herself. Don't watch unless you want to see this excuse for a movie.
Overall, not a bad movie for this type of bad movie, it is watchable, and laughably bad. Basically this is a rip-off of 'Halloween: Resurrection' But its pretty much as entertaining or better, with a lot less budget and worse acting (which makes it entertaining). This is a perfect example of an entertaingly bad movie. Some of the acting was actually OK, but the two football players - "Biff" and "Brad" were awesomely horribly bad. Especially the erectile dysfuntion guy - I guess he was supposed to be closeted Gay or something but he was really, really, really horrible, easily in the top 10 worst actors I've seen. Could have used more nudity.
[SPOILER AHEAD] This film is my candidate for the most exact title of a movie (and will continue to be so until someone makes a film called "This is a Total Turkey"!) The absolute low-point comes at the funeral scene, where the kid throws a tantrum because everyone's crying at his mother's death (?!), so he runs off into the countryside, stops in the middle of a field and looks up weirdly into the sky. It's so nauseating it'll turn even the strongest stomach. A bogus movie? Definitely! In fact, to borrow the quote from most critical reviews of The Stupids, "Well at least they can't be accused of false advertising!"
A lame follow up to the phenomenally successful and tremendously entertaining 1982 spook fest about a normal suburban family terrorized by ghouls. The same strong leads (JoBeth Williams and Craig T. Nelson) return, and I give this movie credit for not simply making a carbon copy of the first film the way so many sequels do, but this film is DOA. The screenplay is too obtuse and ambitious, working in a bunch of mystical hoo-hah involving Native Americans and a creepy demon who goes door to door like a traveling salesman. Not one moment in the film comes close to rivaling any number of thrilling moments in the first one. Grade: D
"There's nothing funny about Meat Pie. It's a bunch of set pieces with people getting sh*t on and ejaculated on, blokes kissing blokes, and things happening for no reason. The acting's worse than a skit on The Footy Show, the "jokes" are bastardisations of gags from other films and The Simpsons, it's borderline racist - and much worse, completely nonsensical." And I'll just add that it's rude, pointless, stupid, unfunny, pathetic, and it cost me 80 minutes of my life that I'll never get back. It's the worst thing I have ever seen, and I hope that nobody makes the same mistake I did of being nice enough to give it a chance
The first 30 to 40 minutes made me think this was a sleeper, better than what I had anticipated. It had me intrigued. Then it went "talky" - yak, yak yak. I kept waiting for something dramatic to happen.....anything! After 70 minutes, there was still nothing, and I gave up. I never found Jane Russell to be pretty enough to enjoy looking at, anyway. Robert Mitchum was good and had a number of clever film-noir type lines. Vincent Price was supposed to play a fascinating far-out character (according to critics) but I didn't find him to be anybody entertaining, just stupid and boring. As I said, this film had promise but......
This film has great intentions but fails in areas too major to ignore: acting and script. When I saw it at a film festival, the audience repeatedly laughed at the corny lines ("I can't believe I just witnessed that.") and overwrought, one-dimensional acting. The director apparently told his cast to look menacing, and oh, did they look menacing. The actress who played James' girlfriend was so awful that I felt embarrassed for her. Some of the "horror" elements were amateurish and silly, again eliciting uncomfortable giggles. The cinematography is beautiful but often not in sync with the theme (such as a character gliding through golden cornfields). Too bad, because the basic story is fascinating.
When I heard about the movie Fool 'N' Final, I thought it would be a complete comedy, but it turned out to be the complete opposite. PROBLEMS 1. way too many characters (and it really bothered me the way they put Sameera Reddy in the movie just for eye candy. my mom could have done her role, and she doesn't even speak Hindi) 2. too many plots, and a lot of pointless scenes 3. NOT FUNNY! The cast of this movie, you could say, are all pretty good actors. I really wish they hadn't wasted their time with this movie AND DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME EITHER!
Action?? Where...? Comedy?? Well, they make a very very bad movie, worst then D movie, and too late, they saw what a mistake it was. What do they do then? Call it a Comedy!! Hahaha.. loooosers. Horror?? Come on.. 2 drops of blood on a neck!! F/x is totally worst then zero. Thriller?? lol!!! C. Thomas Howell and Tony Todd!! For example.. In this movie!! Don't ask me why or how, it's over my head. I'm tired of all this low budget, low serious 'horror' movies. Why not try to make a good movie for a change...? I recommend Hatchet and Feast instead...!! // Cheers
There's a reason this has never been a hit in the UK - because most of us have a sense of humour more developed than that of a three year old. This is watched on new year's eve by many people in Germany - it's actually a tradition, and they seem to find it absolutely hilarious. I find this completely bizarre, as this is repetitious pap on a par with the Teletubbies. I could barely watch it past the three-minute mark, and didn't laugh once during the entire sketch, so heavens knows how anyone can watch this rubbish every year. It's popularity is utterly, utterly bewildering to me - avoid.
I attend the series everyday Charmed through the channel Sony, but the some months I discovered through communities of the Orkut that won't film more. I was completely satiny in knowing that the series didn't have a good audience, unlike Brazil, where we loved. The last season left a taste of I want plus, since the end was half vague. If it was necessary would mobilize the Brazilians to do low signed for the three more charismatic sisters return the screens. Lament with the end of the series, and some of the new series are imitating and following the same style, but they will never be compared with the quality and charisma of Charmed.
FF7 was less then average at best. The problem with it is that it had to compete and overdo it's ancestor, FF6, the best video game ever made. FF7's storyline even resembles that of FF6's, including an evil corporation that is trying to take over he world. In FF6, it's "the Empire" and in FF7 it's a corporation. Way more characters are met and played in FF6; 15 beings are acquired, compared to FF7's 7 or 8. The most annoying thing about FF7 is Cait Sith, a poor excuse to include humor in an otherwise failing game. Cait Sith is to FF what Jar Jar Binks is to Star Wars. Don't waste your time.
A young forest ranger Danielle(Cerina Vincent)uses her lonely outpost to grieve the death of her best friend. In a cave in the forest, a Native American legend comes to life from years of slumber. The creature has already slaughtered campers and hikers and attacks the ranger outpost. The creature slowly stalks and makes her life more miserable. Danielle's boyfriend Justin(Dominic Zamprogna) tries to help to no avail. She must face the wrath of the ruthless monster and destroy the flesh-ripping creature from hell...alone. This horror flick is better than expected and is given some credibility by being produced by Stephen J. Cannell. Also in the cast: Greg Kean, Miranda Frigon and Eric Schweig.
For a cheesy, devil-driven thriller about a murderous car that runs down its victims, one may be unprepared for director Elliot Silverstein's surprisingly intense prologue (with two kids on bicycles meeting their grisly fate on a mountain road). It's a gripping, savage sequence that reminds one of the opening in "Jaws", as Silverstein probably intended, but what does he give us next? We're introduced to small town residents and James Brolin as the local law, and "The Car" quickly runs out of petrol. Writers Michael Butler and Dennis Shryack had a pretty good idea here, but perhaps their original work was compromised by Hollywood and the then-fashionable occult angle. Too bad. *1/2 from ****
A brutal western morality tale starring Henry Fonda as the "mayor" of a tiny frontier town whose courage is tested when deranged outlaw Aldo Ray runs rampant burning buildings, raping saloon girl Janice Rule and killing anyone who stands up to him. Directed by the efficient Burt Kennedy and based on an early E.L. Doctorow novel, WELCOME TO HARD TIMES isn't great by any stretch, but it is involving and features some great acting. Fonda, Keenan Wynn, and Warren Oates are excellent. The great Janis Paige sings a couple of Christmas songs. Highly trained actress Rule affects an Irish accent like a highly trained actress. Ray, in a nearly silent role, is suitably nasty.
I also received this movie in the mail as a kid and did like it. I came to this site to prove a point to people because these kids in my home town recently decided to start their own "gang" call "The Butter Creamers" i almost died laughing when i heard this. They think its cool and I tried to explain to them how that name is already taken by a hallmark film from my childhood so here i am. My favorite scene was when the old woman fell down and needed help. It reminded me on the "Help I've Fallen and I Can't Get Up!" Life Alert commercials. Enjoy the film!
You need to have the proper perspective when watching these types of films..they're crap..we know they're crap..so enjoy the crap. I thought this was a weak story, however there were some enjoyable characters and the plot is classic...loner loser geek gets revenge on all those who have harmed him...we have all fantasized about that kind of thing. I found this little jewel of cinematic pooh on a collection called "Night Chills" and trust me..this is one of the better films in that collection...I personally love crappy C and B grade movies because I'm sick of the Hollywood factory made movies that have the same stupid plot as the last 50 Hollywood movies I've seen
I ordered this movie on rental after hearing quite a lot of praise for it. After about half an hour, I thought, 'It's got to get better soon, surely.' I watched the whole film thinking that it couldn't remain this bad throughout but it did. At no point was I engaged by the film, and I only left it on until the end because I very rarely turn off a DVD early. The plot was very poor and the acting was nothing special. I'm glad to see since watching it that the ratings have come down slightly, better reflecting the quality of the film. In my opinion - overrated.
I am a huge fan of zombie movies, which is the only reason why this movie would land in anyone's hands. But listen, and listen carefully: This was not only the worst zombie film I've ever seen, it may actually qualify as the worst of any film I've seen, period. For anyone who says this film is realistic, that's hard to measure. If zombies stand there doing nothing while simultaneous scaring the crap out of everybody, then yes, it's very, very realistic. But I doubt that is the case. They should have named it Zombie Matrix they way they had bullets flying around. I was embarrassed I made my girlfriend watch this.
Action?? Where...? Comedy?? Well, they make a very very bad movie, worst then D movie, and too late, they saw what a mistake it was. What do they do then? Call it a Comedy!! Hahaha.. loooosers. Horror?? Come on.. 2 drops of blood on a neck!! F/x is totally worst then zero. Thriller?? lol!!! C. Thomas Howell and Tony Todd!! For example.. In this movie!! Don't ask me why or how, it's over my head. I'm tired of all this low budget, low serious 'horror' movies. Why not try to make a good movie for a change...? I recommend Hatchet and Feast instead...!! // Cheers
What can I say? Ving Rhames takes a paycheck, Freddie Prinze Jr. demonstrates the limitations of his acting abilities, and the script tries to simulate the coolness of the "insider" but serves mostly as the embodiment of its own title, providing easy targets for ridicule. I was glad I got this one at the library. It's not badly produced, granted, and some of the green felt action is well-shot, but this dog ain't no hustler, if you catch my drift. Small wonder this went direct to video. One thing is certain: its shelf life will depend strictly upon the durability of Ving Rhames's career. I surely hope his career never depends on this film.
Appalling, amateurish and entirely laugh free, this almost unbearable adventure has the unfunny duo meeting  you guessed it  Captain Kidd, played by Charles Laughton in a manner which makes it clear he's wishing a painful death upon himself. The 'story', for what it's worth (nothing), concerns a treasure map and whatever and so on. It doesn't matter. There are many, many pratfalls and headbangs in this lame lump of inept crud, and none of it, not one solitary second, is funny. The slapstick is poorly staged and looks as though it was made up on the spot. It's the polar opposite of slick. What more can I say? It's just. Not. Funny.
We picked this movie up at St Vincent De Paul store for $1.49 and at that price it was over priced! About 40 minutes into the movie we became painfully aware that the story line and acting was more that of a pilot for a Fox show. Clearly this was not intended as a stand alone cinema release, but a hastily repackaged pilot episode. It was interesting to see an early Simon Baker, however it looks as if he has since had a nose job. Still like his hair. The characters reactions were more those one expects on TV vs film. Bad bad bad you just stopped caring about the characters.
Let me start by saying I have never had the urge to make a comment on IMDb yet - not for a great movie, and certainly not for a bad one. But this movie was so horrible I HAD to warn people. I thought Pauly Shore was reasonably funny until this. Half of this movie isn't even trying to be humorous. It's Pauly Shore's desperate attempt at saving his career. Yes there are tons of celebrity "cameos", but they are all so short, and I'd say maybe two of them are slightly funny. This movie plays as if it was written and directed by a no-talent former MTV "VJ". And it is.
This movie was critically destroyed when it was released, but it is not that bad, it is just a harmless little romantic comedy. The worst thing about it is that its view of male-female relationships is so backward - especially in a movie set in modern-day San Francisco!. Chris O'Donnell is not a great actor, but he is good portraying this earnest, somewhat shallow man. And Renee Zellweger is fine, even though her cinematic persona has by now overstayed its welcome. I haven't seen Buster Keaton's original movie, but I don't doubt it was vastly superior to this, but this. Still, this new version might be a passable time-killer in a rainy Friday night.
As a future librarian, I have to say the title is the wrong choice. Sure, he read a lot of books and could set up the RSS feed, but the true question is, "Did he have the MLIS degree?" Librarians don't play around with artifacts. They have books to catalog, websites to update, research to perform, and papers to publish. Archeologists study ancient things and classify them. They take an item, clean it up, and put it in a museum for people to study and learn from. Archeologists would not want to be called librarians. For an Indian Jones rip-off, it's not too bad, but not really worth the 2 hours either.
I have seen the movie Knight Rider 2010 and do agree that it is not the best.in fact,it is extremely poorly produced.However-I think Tug 3 should get his facts right.James Doohan is in Knight Rider 2000,and not Knight Rider 2010.Dont' roll over my leg KITT!In any event the original is a great show which,although very eighties,still carries enough punch to make the grade.Reading about how some of the stunt work was done makes the big budget shows of today a bit naff.some of KN might seem a bit cheesy,but then again,some cheeses have a great flavour.and if super pursuit don't blow your mind just see a black pontiac close up-KITT is timeless.cue purple sunset
A very bad attempt to pull off a David Lynch/Cohen Brothers/Tarantino. Bad acting, excessively annoying characters, and long, drawn-out, irrelevant scenes. Humor? - only when you consider the moronic idiocy of immature college students trying to impress. Ten lines of text needed to complete this comment before it can be submitted ---- OK. Let's see. The film was tedious, and dumb, and lousy, and unbelievable, and hideous, and annoying, and the sound was terrible, and the number of irrelevant scenes was exasperating, and the swat team was laughable and I'm having a really hard time trying to compile 10 lines of commentary on a film that was better left in the "bad idea" stage.
Intertwining stories cover a group of characters, many of them gay, in Los Angeles. The characters are uninteresting and the script is a dreary bore. Kudrow is a limited actress who lacks the star presence to carry a film. The rest of the acting is not bad, with Arnold surprisingly effective as a rich man with a gay son. Roos wrote and directed but shows little aptitude for either task. The plot lines are ludicrous, especially the one about a gay couple and a lesbian couple arguing about whether the latter used the former's sperm. Most annoyingly, the screen is sporadically split in half and some random, trivial information is displayed about the characters.
The whole Shrek 2 experience wasn't my taste anyway (I thought the original was way better), and this extra they put on isn't as funny either. It sure ain't of the standard of The Shrek in the Swamp Karaoke Party on the DVD of Shrek. All of the major characters can sing a song in this one, judged by no other than Shrek, Fiona and our very own Simon Cowell. But it all just seems so much less funny and spontaneous than the aforementioned Party in the Swamp. As Shrek 2, there's a serious lack of wit, enthusiasm and charm. Well, that's my opinion, anyway. If I had to rate this: 4/10.
The movie is called First Spaceship on Venus in English. The guy before me called it "visually stunning". He must have the braille version. This movie tries, and any movie with Yoko Tuni can't be all bad, but the special effects, while ambitious, are pretty lame. The Venusians were about as scary as laundry flapping in the breeze. I watched this movie on my ~Sci-fi Classics 100 Movie Pack~- a great way to spend $20 bucks, by the way. First Spaceship on Venus is a crawler. Way too much moralizing, and not enough action. Yoko Tuni looks great in her silver space suit, so I have no regrets about watching this movie.
This is such a bleak and plotless film that unless you are looking for a reason to slit your wrists its probably best avoided. Through a series of brief vignettes in a surreal Australian landscape we are acquainted with Lola and her unfortunate daughter Alice both of whom are destined to be forever betrayed not only by the people they encounter but also by each other. The unrelenting grimness is even reflected in their sexual encounters with a succession of squalid and unsatisfying relationships. I tried very hard to fall asleep during this movie so that the time would pass more quickly but failed miserably and had to endure it to the end.
this isn't crouching tiger, the medevil matrix, or anything else it is being touted as. i guess not being a idiot frat boy i dont have the appreciation for this film that many others do. if you have seen good movies you will immediately recognize that this is not one of them. the story is weak, the movie relies on the occaisional tricky camera shot or gimic (which is strange and out of place because the film is otherwise shot in a very straightforward style) the "talent" cannot act and its not because they are speaking a different language, and, the movie is about 50 minutes too long and therefore is boring as hell.
Just didn't survive the aging process. Poor acting, a messy story and all too sixties in film quality. I hadn't seen Caine as bad as in this one before, but then again I haven't seen that many flicks with him in them. I was surprised to find this film scores as high as it does, why is beyond me. The film's ending is highly unsatisfactory, like a part is missing. Maybe I need lobotomy to understand the greatness of this film. Not funny, not good. Go do something useful instead! (4/10) (I must also admit the remake/tribute 2003 flick Italian job was not much better. Completely different story, but as shallow as this one)
You've Been Framed was one of those programmes that as a kid I found hilarious, but it doesn't appeal to me now. It is about people doing stupid things, being caught on camera and if it gets on telly, they get £200. Jeremy Beadle hosted it for the first 7 years, Beadle is a very funny man. Then Lisa Riley from Emmerdale did it for 5 years, then Jonathan Wilkes did it for a year, now Harry Hill does it, who I don't find paticulaly funny. It is just the same thing happening in every show. When I was young, I thought someone falling off a bike was hysterical, but not anymore.
The Undead is a very silly piece of melodrama from Roger Corman. The plot is concerned with a time travelling doctor who regresses his street walking patient back to a time of witches, imps, dumb knights, fey fights, and singing gravediggers. Listening to Smolkin belt out his rhymes is funny. Watching this strange film on MST is even better. They point out things like how come Pendergon trusts everyone right off the bat? They also point out that Quintis has become rather smug toward the end of the movie. If you think that you can't survive this movie, I've just got one word for you, STAY!!!!! At least if you're watching this on MST.
My problem with this movie is that I expected it to be hilarious. With it's incredible cast how could it miss? But miss it did, badly. Hank Azaria? Piper Laurie? Debra Winger? Glenne Headly? Famke Janssen? Rip Torn? (not enough Rip) And Zooey Deschanel? In truth, I enjoyed all their performances; I disliked the dialog and direction. Almost everything seemed contrived at best and forced at worst. The surprises weren't very and the end could not come soon enough. The characters that were meant to irritate me did and most of the others did as well. As a survivor of a dysfunctional family, I enjoy DF comedies; this one seemed longer than my childhood.
I took two of my kids to see this abomination the other day, and couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. It's just truly dire. I wasn't expecting Pixar levels of animation, but I certainly wasn't prepared for quite how bad it turned out to be. And as for the story... well, at least it's being environmentally friendly by recycling every cliché it can lay its hands on. The voice acting is more wooden than Keanu Reeves (now that's not something I ever expected to type!), but given the script it's not entirely surprising - it sounds like the 'talent' just phoned their parts in. Awful, awful, awful. Avoid.
This movie is a bad ripoff of "The Long Trailer" and was a really sad attempt at humor. I am trying to remember the last entertaining movie I saw with Robin in it, maybe "Goodwill Hunting" or something back in that era. I am beginning to think he is just trying to finish out some contractual obligation because I honestly can't see where his heart was in it. Or else he just sucks these days because this movie stinks. The raccoon gag was completely idiotic and his kids make me hope Global Warming hurries up. RV stands for Really Vacant of anything approaching comedy. Remorsefully Vapid, Ridiculous Vortex of stupidity, or Repulsively Vacuous.
This thing makes Malibu's Most Wanted look like American Beauty. I'm being generous in giving it a 3, but only because I chuckled a few times at some of the 80's references. This movie has one thing going for it, Michael Rosenbaum. He is incredibly funny in it, and I'm sure most of his stuff was improvised, because it's the only bright spot in a badly directed, badly lit, badly everything turkey that should've been released in January or February. Rosenbaum has fun with his role, and he even manages to reference Oliver Stone's 'The Doors' if you can believe it. Skip it and put it on your Netflix list if you're really bored.
This movie was terribly done, although Paul Giamatti did well in his performance it was not enough to save this film. I watched this movie in a theater packed with other people all excited about this film, however after its showing, more than half were at the box office demanding their money back. We pay money to be entertained in theaters, many were not entertained and therefore received rain-check vouchers. Bottom line,... go rent Sixth Sense. This movie was a tall order to swallow. Shyamalan has let all of his followers down and really has failed the viewing community this time. Please like I said go rent something else or watch Clerks 2!!!!!
I think Game of Death shouldn't have went ahead with it's release, Bruce Lee would've been disappointed in it as towards the end of the film after fighting Hikim, you could obviously see that it was no longer Bruce playing the part of Billy Lo and it must've been a kid or someone drunk editing that scene showing Bruce with candles and a punch bag behind him and when it cut to his replacement, there was nothing behind him. The director of this film probably just went ahead with the release to make money and people that are fans of Bruce's work, including his family, must've been left disappointed as well, I certainly was.
Mr.Woodcock is a boring comedy which did not produce me any laughs because all the jokes are clichéd and tired.That's a serious problem in a comedy.Billy Bob Thornton is criminally wasted in this movie.He's an extraordinary actor but this movie does not show all his talent.He should appear in more movies like A Simple Plan or Bad Santa,which really take advantage of his talent,and not in craps like School for Scoundrels or Mr.Woodcock.Director Craig Gillespie shows nothing of artistic zeal.His work is simply mercenary.It was very difficult to me laughing with this movie because,as I said,all the jokes are tired and they left to be funny 20 years ago.I do not recommend this movie.
Lets go to japan and hang around in different parts of the hotel. Then lets go out to the street and see, "whoa, this is different from America"! People don't talk English! Signs are not in English! People sing karaoke! People eat different food than in America! OK, lets go back to hotel room, and talk about our relationship that has lasted two days, and if we should go back to America. After all, that's where the family is. I decided, we are going back to America, it is a better place after all. This trip to japan was very educating, the view from my hotel room was great.
Lost In Translation is a very well-crafted film. Lance Acord's cinematography is nothing short of masterful. The acting from the leads is nuanced, characters memorable. The film's casual racism, however, is deeply regrettable. Almost every scene revels in the throwaway mockery of the Japanese: accents, language, culture, stature: all are subject to a torrent of snide belittling by the film- makers. What's more shocking is that more attention hasn't been called to this. Put another way: if this film was set in Africa and contained similarly juvenile mockery of the populace, there'd doubtless be uproar. All in all, a well-made film severely let down by an unforgivable streak of crass racism.
Fellini is for people who drink excessive amounts of coffee. (And if you're sitting there saying, "I drink coffee but not excessive amounts of it", you're deluding yourself.) Fellini is for people who would like to make the world a better place, but they don't know how, so they just avoid it and concern themselves with the absurdity of life. And drink more coffee. When watching Fellini films I am infected with a violent desire to throw popcorn at the screen and quote Bruno Kirby from _When Harry Met Sally_ in the scene where he's frustrated at Sally's inability to convey her ideas while playing a game of Pictionary: "Draw SOMETHING resembling ANYTHING!!!"
I've seen some dodgy HK movies in my time, but this has to rank pretty highly in the roll-call of stinkers. An unstructured, clumsily-paced mess from start to finish, with little in the way of a plot and so much thunderous noise and self-conscious 'scary stuff' that it never comes close to creating the quietly unsettling atmosphere needed to set up the viewer for a scare. The bargain-basement 3-D effects (a surprise considering CGI-fiend Andrew Lau's involvement) simply don't work on a DVD viewing (and providing only one pair of glasses is pretty cheap!) due to the poor colour balance. I will think twice before snapping up any more gimmicky films from bargain bins...
I am a descendant of John Wesley Hardin, of whom this movie was made. My great grandmother was his niece. I think this movie was a marvelous tribute because John Wesley was an educated, cultural person. He just didn't have a lot of patience when it came to certain factors. Like shooting a man for snoring. I am honored that the Hollywood "factor" would cast Rock Hudson as John Wesley, as John W was a very handsome man according to the tintographs I have of him from my g-grandmother. This is an under-rated movie worth watching and the female lead is indeed an actress under-rated - she is lovely and supportive. A grand western! AMB
Another two hours of my life that I've wasted and will never get back! How did Bridgette jump from the 1700's to the 21st century? That was never even hinted at. Poorly written, plot was obvious and predictable. Who was the male werewolf following her? Other than it wanting to mate with her "WHY" was it following her? The masturbating clip was trash and needless! The only good parts to the movie was when Grandma got nervous anytime Ghost got near her. Couldn't the mental health personnel able to tell that Ghost was a seriously sick individual? How is Ghost going to deal with a werewolf in her cellar? The first Ginger was better written!
Woah... I saw it in 1996 in a theater near my small Provençal village, and i simply wasn't expecting that... Christian Duguay proved once again he was terribly underrated by both the press and the public, "Screamers" ("Planète Hurlante" in France i/e "Screaming Planet", nice title too...) is the B-side at its best, the B-efficiency with an almost-A script. The cast is OK (Roy Dupuis was almost a star here in the early 90s, the VFX impressive (for the most of them), and - as some viewers wrote earlier - the first part very promising. Overall, a good job. Take it on video with a couple of friends, some chips'n'soda (ok, beer if ya want).
Tiger Blade is one of the worst action movies I ever saw... The plot is non existent, it's so full of holes that I lost interest about 10 minutes into the film. So, at least there are good fight scenes ? No. Special effects are cheap. It's all a rehash of previous films, notably Matrix, but with inferior quality. Everything sucks in this movie ! Lousy acting, totally boring, this flick is an insult to the viewer. Avoid ! Sometimes the absence of a plot is preferable to a really crappy one. Take the Doom video games, for instance. Who cares why you're there as long as there are aliens to shoot ?
If you're patient enough to stick with this film, and you dig eerie nightmarish imagery, this film is quite a treat! Personally, I really miss the atmosphere of films such as this that relied solely on the characters, and things not so human, without the use of glitzy computerized graphics, something today, in my opinion that has been over glamorized and almost used as filler. As I mentioned if you're patient you'll appreciate this film, it builds and if you hang on and agree with my review thus far you'll most likely really appreciate this film. All in all check it out, it's not a masterpiece by any means, although it rather strikes my fancy!
After the excellent "Excalibur" this was a big step down for director Boorman. This could have been an intelligent and moving film about a man who finds his missing son after 10 years adopted by a native tribe in the amazon. But the stuff about the tribe being mystical and in touch with nature is layed on a little too thick. This "noble savage" cliche just substitutes one stereotype for another. And the climactic scene in the brothel was ill-concieved, not to mention the silly Deus Ex Machina ending involving the dam, making the Rain ending in "Dune" seem plausible by comparison. It seems tacked on and lessens the ecological message Boorman was driving home.
Darren McGavin was the quintessential Mike Hammer. Others paled by comparison. He played him with toughness, irreverence and humor. Back in the 50's, when TV censorship was at its strictest, he went as far as you could go. He'd call women "Chickie" and had no qualms at roughing them up to get to the truth. I especially liked his scenes with Nita Talbot, who took everything he dished out. In another review, revtg001 claimed that Anthony Quinn played Mike Hammer. Although, Mr.Quinn appeared in a movie of a Mickey Spillane novel, "The Long Wait",the character he played was JOHNNY McBRIDE. In my opinion, the second best Mike Hammer was Ralph Meeker in "Kiss Me Deadly".
The first time I saw this movie I missed the first 30 minutes or so; I saw it fully last night and I didn't know the kid's uncle went to prison for 25+ years and the same with his mom! He could've been an artist and put his talents to good use. Q-Tip adds such sensitivity, you can't help but sympathize with his character. Absolutely uncompromising and downbeat; it's no surprise that the director also did several OZ series episodes. For those with taste in real-drama it's a good watch. The ending is heart-wrenching. R.I.P. Elijah CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK, CLICK CLICK
I own this movie...I think it's a fun movie to watch. Before this movie I never cared for Alicia Silverstone, but after this I appreciate her a lot more...especially now that I know she created it. This also was the first film I saw Benicio del Torro in...and I think he is fabulous! His quirky behavior...and the comedy added in...made the film fun to see. Throwing in Christopher Walken as Emily's uncle and Harry Connick Jr. as Vincent's friend helped spice up the story. I liked the story of a spoiled rich girl faking her own kidnapping to only end up with a very experienced car thief...and having them fall in love...it's sweet and funny!
Of the six movies that I've seen from this series, this is the movie to tell friends about. The locations are beautiful, the background (extras that appear) are not too glamorous and not too plain. The Thai bathhouse scenes are what I attempt to "sell" as the highly erotic shots. These are so hot, in fact, I'd rather watch EMMANUELLE movies than most X-rated films. I learned much later that director Roger Corman had directed some films. And now, in 2006, I find the webpage, and it contains more EMMANUELLE movies than I previously thought. This is a great film. Sylvia moves with grace,exudes sexuality but never showing her motives until the timing is there.
I own the R3 DVD of this movie, and my overwhelming feeling is that the storyline is rather weak, however it's not all bad. The movie starts off quite slow in my opinion, and as in so many such Asian films, the background music is obtrusive. In it's defence though, things definitely improved, until towards the ending it moves at a furious pace with wonderful fight scenes. One thing though which makes this film are the attractive hot chicks kicking ass, with a sense of sexual undercurrent. What more can any bloke want for a night in with a few beers and some friends. For this eye candy, the weak script can be forgiven.
Admittedly, the plot could be more engaging than the B&C style robberies and shootouts. But was the plot really the plot, or more a vehicle to examine the lives of two men who love each other purely in otherwise twisted and sick lives? Contrary to what you may have heard, that there is very little overt sexuality going on between the leads Nene and Angel. In fact, the only real sex is between men and women. What is going on is a desperate attempt to sustain the relationship in a way crazy existence. And yes, gay men do like honest portrayals of love between two men . . . something you don't very often see.
This movie was great as I had very little expectations going in. The plot is very predictable and the characters are stereotypical, but if you're watching with some buddies it's a great picture to have a chuckle at. You have the sheriff's sidekick who looks like Ethan Hawk, a Wilfred Brimly look alike and the peer pressuring teenager. All together this movie scores for laugh ability. Think Dante's Peak and you will see every plot line. An authority figure who sees an epidemic on the horizon, money hungry investors not wanting the town to be in an uproar, heroics, and a tightly packaged ending that tells the viewer that everything is going to be okay.
I absolutely LOVED this movie from beginning to end. I have NEVER been to a movie that "grabbed" me like this one did. The scene with the burning bush....there is no words for it. When I first saw it (and every time since), you could literally FEEL the presence of God in the theater. Plus, the music is totally AWESOME!! I mean, you have Mariah Carey & Whitney Houston, Boyz II Men, Take 6, BeBe & CeCe Winans, Steven Curtis Chapman, Alabama, Randy Travis and Linda Davis, Toby Keith, Charlie Daniels, Clint Black, Carman, plus an all-star song of which the actors and artists sing together. I highly recommend this movie and music to everyone!
For a north American who usually watches N.A. candy like movies, which are usually visually pleasing but hollow in the script, this one is a very nice surprise. I'll give a 10/10 for the movie - script, director's performance, cinematic effects, castings (kudos to Elena Anya - she should shoot more serious movies like this one than Hollywood movies like Van Helsing), editing. The sex scenes are explicit but necessary to tell the story honestly, so it's sex scenes in good tastes. p.s. Vicky Cristina Barcelona seemed to be a N.A. version of this one but like suggested earlier before, this movie got more complexity, originality & layers - thus more enjoyable.
TV flying movies usually have cardboard sets and phony shaking cameras and lame shots of wrong aircraft types. Not this one. As someone who remembers the true story this movie was based on, and as a private pilot I take off my hat. The story is a bit weak - what TV movie isn't? But the sense of fear one gets, trapped in the mountains, hurt, out of touch, beyond all help, freezing to death, is really exciting and I think accurate. The aviation sequences were amazingly detailed, true and well shot, way more than many big features, like Turbulence and Alive, both of which fell down in the accuracy departments. Good work.
This is a film meant ONLY for the theaters, and should be restricted to IMAX to boot. I just watched this on a regular TV/DVD player. Okay, although it may have been a viewing experience in the theater it was boring at home. I was bored, granted I didn't experience the film the way it was meant to be. That being said, this was another film that banked mostly on the effects (computer 3d animation) and little on the story. Yes, it was a cartoon, basically, so what kind of acting can you get out of a cartoon. All I can say is that the film ended with me feeling cheated.
this is a pretty obscure movie, so it may be hard to find. i couldn't get it at blockbuster but it was at the local library. its got some language and sexual content but its not really really dirty or any thing. its about 2 explorers who are racing lewis and clark to the pacific. the main characters are supposed to be just like the people from the lewis and clark expedition. (lesie edwards is meriweather lewis, hunt is clark, etc.) its really funny and it has some "chris farley getting hurt" in it. i saw it on comedy central and then i rented it and forced my family to watch it.
"Taken at the flood" is in my opinion the best, and indeed the most dark and haunting, of this year's films from the Poirot team. Based on yet another cleverly structured murder mystery from Agatha Christie, this dramatisation is absolutely crammed with webs within webs, lovely scenery, and many fine acting performances from a large, enormously star-studded, cast. Apart from the always brilliant David Suchet in the leading role, Elliot Cowan in particular made an impression amongst the supporting actors, giving a delightfully menacing and genuinely haunting performance as David Hunter. This adaptation might not always be completely true to Christie's original novel, but still a truly recommended hour and a half of well-made television!
This show was a staple of my childhood and I find that I still connect to the humour and drama, even if the medicine is out-of-date. The characters were so well-developed that I still find myself hooked to their trials, tribulations, and triumphs. I've especially developed a great appreciation for the supporting actors, which I didn't take much notice of back when I was a kid. I regularly watch the episodes on VHS so I'm happy Universal is releasing them on DVD. Anyone know when Season 3 and beyond is due out? They seem to have stopped releasing them for some unknown reason, yet you can get "He Man" on DVD; go figure :)
Most actors act horribly, the entire satire and humour from the book have been cut. It is blasphemy to make movie from a masterpiece like Bulgakov's m&m like this. The computer effects are even present when they are absolutely not necessary and look terribly. Behemot, the cat, as if it was from some kindergraden theatre, Lavrov is too old for Bulgakov's procurator, Abdulov (Koroviev), the oh-so-expensive-superstar seemingly just reads his text down without playing anything. This all is surprising, since the budget present was high. However, Basilashvili, Alexander Galibin and Filipenko (Azazello, master and Voland) are playing surprisingly good. These are the only ones. Do not watch this piece of junk before reading the book!
... Bunuel (not Sam, in this case). This movie is again about human obsession! The trick using 2 different actresses for one role as stated by another user, is not unique per se, but heightens the surrealism of the movie. And it does work perfectly as to other films that couldn't handle that same weight. Or couldn't convey it to the viewing audience at least! While it has a slow pace, the movie feeds from it, especially because you have to get a grip of the story- and time-line you have to handle. It is not difficult to follow, but you might need to watch it a second time to really appreciate it :o)
Criticized, perhaps correctly, for turning foul-mouthed comic Lenny Bruce into a misunderstood crusader for the right to free speech, LENNY is nonetheless a potent and highly entertaining movie. Dustin Hoffman is brilliant as Bruce and Valerie Perrine matches him as his drug addicted wife Honey. The unlikely director, Bob Fosse, utilizes an interview technique and has those close to Bruce explicate the story. It works well. Bruce Surtee's black and white cinematography is stunning. The jazz clubs and comic dens are eerily photographed. There are shots that resemble the work of Weegee or Diane Arbus. Jan Miner plays Bruce's mother and Gary Morton is a Milton Berle-like comedian in one of the film's best scenes.
~contains spoilers Whatever the director was trying to achieve with this film, I do not know. In my opinion, all he delivered was a messed up plot that barely rivals that of Executive Decision, a film whose story it was painfully obvious that he wanted to recreate. Come on. A vice president traveling in a standard 747 passenger plane? That would never happen, especially in 1997, when this movie was made. The VP always travels in a US government plane, Air Force 2. This is clearly a low-budget, poorly-made film that the makers of Executive Decision didn't want to sue since the makers of Executive Command wouldn't have to money to pay them anyway.
A young model dies of a heart attack during a back-alley abortion.After her death a mysterious series of bloody murders take place.Each of the victims are connected to the same studio that Evelyn worked at and each are viciously murdered by the knife wielding killer."Strip Nude for Your Killer" is a sleazy and violent Italian giallo that will surely please fans of Italian cinema.There is lots of nudity provided by Edwige Fenech,Femi Benussi and Erna Schurer.The jazz score by Berto Pisano is pretty good and the plot is actually very gripping.The killings are quite gory and sadistic and the cinematography by Franco Delli Colli is excellent.Check it out,if you like Italian giallos.8 out of 10.
This episode of "Family Dog" remains about the funniest film I have ever seen. Not only did I thoroughly enjoy it, but so did my whole family. It's now nearly 20 years since it was made, but my two daughters can still recite the entire dialog, and we still "crack-up" when we think about it!!! The expressions on the faces, the antics, the characters, the situations, are truly inspired. I was not aware, although not surprised, that there was a whole series of episodes "spinning-off" from this original, and I wouldn't mind seeing those. Sometimes, however, the follow-ons can be a little disappointing when compared with the original, especially when the original is so brilliant.
The only thing that saves this horrendous flick is Vincent Price! Otherwise, it's a festival of half-clad dancing girls wearing triple "D" costumes and one of the lamest, most stupid plot lines I've watched in decades! Although I'm an avid Belly Dancer and enjoy watching such "z" grade "fluff" films just to get ideas for dancing, these Terpsichorean attempts hover just this side of burlesque; one of the "daughters of the 40 thieves" even performs a pole dance for Sinbad! I read somewhere that the famed Lilly St. Cyr (yes! the one mentioned so worshipfully in Rocky Horror) designed the costumes. If that's true, then it's no surprise that these women look like stripper rejects.
When people ask me why Dil Chahta Hai is on my list of great Hindi movies, i ask myself "What did i love the most about this movie?" Well, It's not the script or the acting or the direction, locations, songs and cinematography. All that stuff was really great, but what i loved the most about this movie was how REAL it was. The three guys were just like any other three guys i know...but thats what makes this movie great. You feel like you know the characters. A brilliant movie with brilliant acting and direction. More movies like this, and Bollywood would be producing movies that are actually worth watching. Go, DCH! 9/10
Probably one of the most memorable Tom and Jerry animated shorts, has Tom the cat hopelessly smitten with his love interest at a day at the beach. Jerry the mouse, with the help of a crab (in the crab's defense he hates Jerry as well as Tom), plot to of course turn Tom's good time into a day of pain, degradation and humiliation, often with hilarious results (the clam sandwich, the sand tea, the fake wooden lady, the spit-take, and of course the umbrella spring to mind) Viva Tom and Jerry!! This hilariously great cartoon can be found on disc one of the Spotlight collection DVD of "Tom & Jerry" My Grade: A
This is another Great Batman cartoon and for all the same reasons the storyline is good it has lots of action in it the cartoon effects are good the voice over actors are good such as Kevin Conroy as Batman, Efrem Zimbalist Jr. as Alfred, Loren Lester as Richard "Dick" Grayson etc. The villain is good Michael ansara as Mr. Freeze. So i am sure you will not be disappointed with Batman and Mr. Freeze Subzero because it is a really good movie. So make sure that you rent or buy Batman and Mr. Freeze subzero because it is a great movie. Overall score: ******** out of ********** ***1/2 out of *****
A wonderful book and the film captures much of the beauty and culture, although some side-stories are given short-shrift (Portia and her father). This is my favorite film of '68 and Alan Arkin should have Won gold. His John Singer, a thoughtful and attentive man who realizes the plight of humanity's basic selfishness too far down the road is a complete character. Sondra Locke's debut was marvellous and Chuck McCann was also brilliant. A 9 out of 10. Best performance = A. Arkin. Stacy Keach's film debut. I wish Cicely Tyson had more scenes to play with Percy Rodriguez as we are left in the cold about much of their situation. Highly recommended film!
I much prefer a movie that looks great to one with great dialogue. So with this movie I was pretty much satisfied. OK the acting can be a little iffy at times ("those kids do look up to you" said in a bit of an over the top way) but the story line, humour, and fights (very enjoyable at the party, not as much in Mexico because of the more serious tone) are all very good. But this film really excels in the shots of the ocean and surfing. They are quite simply beautiful. I don't really understand why this film did so badly but heh it seems to be more accepted now.
I enjoyed this movie very much. This is the only Lucille Ball/ Desi Arnaz biopic I've seen. I have yet to see "Lucy" with Rachel York. I liked how it started out with the beginning of I Love Lucy and flashes back to when Lucille Ball meets Desi Arnaz. Then it kind of flashes forward and you get both perspectives. It didn't let you know about how Lucille fought with Vivian Vance, or the fact that William Frawley had drinking problems. You get about as a good behind the scenes look as I think you'd get out of a biopic movie. I'd give this film a 7/10 Thanks for your time.
"Calendar Girls" tells of the exploits of 11 British women - all fifty-something-and-up members of a Women's Club - who decide to pose in the nude for a calendar to raise money for a local charity following the death of one of their spouses. The result is a media feeding frenzy which reaches all the way to Hollywood and The Tonight Show. A warm and fuzzy flick with an up-beat attitude about life (and death), "Calendar Girls" is a fun frolic which conjures moments of pathos and poignancy, sentiment and sass as the women grapple with the repercussions of their escapade. This British comedy romp should play best with females and more mature males. (B)
I rented this movie and was sadly disappointed. First the print of the DVD was very bad. Okay, so that's not the filmmaker's fault. Fine. Next, the characters were boring and not interesting at all! Usually in a giallo, there are sleazy and/or interesting people. Not here. Secondly, the murders were boring and lacked style. The one thing I will say is that perhaps if I saw a better print of the movie I would have had a better experience. Also, the "raspy voice" of the killer in the beginning was effective. And the whole revelation was pretty plausible for a giallo. Just wait for Blue Underground or someone to put out a better copy.
This was one of my favorite movies as a child, and it still is. If you are willing to set aside your critical attitude and accept this movie for what it is- a funny, escapist entertainer- then you will love this movie. I won't summarize the movie, since other comments have dealt adequately with it. Let me just say that Suburban Commando has a great plot, is very well-written, and delivers in both the comedy and action departments. It is also definitely the best Hulk Hogan movie (I say this after watching the horrible Mr. Nanny). It's been 17 years already, Hulk, how long do we have to wait for Suburban Commando 2?!
Just saw "The Flyboys" at the Staten Island Film Festival opening night festivities. This film had an engaging story; it was action packed from the beginning to end; it was entertainment for all generations. What a great film - especially for families...no sex, no swearing, very little violence. Who missed all that stuff! The music enhanced the "drama" and theme of the various scenes. The acting by Sizemore and Baldwin was surprisingly good. Sizemore was the most likable wise guy since Tony "What's His Name." Major distributors would do well to pick this "indie" up for wider distribution. It's not often a family film has such wide appeal and solid storyline without being totally sappy.
I loved this picture because it has beautiful cinematography and settings of Paris. But that's not all, Uma Thurman has so damn beautiful as the wife of Fred Ward who charms the young, naive, but tricky Anais Nin played superbly by Maria de Mardieos. Fred Ward as a little weird as the American writer who charms Anais. Uma was great with her thick New York accent and her beauty. I think the rating should have been R instead of NC-17.I have seen R rated movies much worse than this picture.Rent this movie right away! It will astonish you!This picture is an epic which should not be overlooked at the video store! Have Fun! 10/10
Cannibal Apocalypse(U.S. title) is the only Margheriti film that is ultra-violent. I am not a big fan of the gothic Italian cinema, though he is regarded as a master of this genre. I have seen an interview with him where he states he didn't want to make this film as violent as it is. He claims that was the producers desire. Although not as gruesome as the third world italian cannibal film cycle( the whole film takes place in Atlanta, GA)there are scenes of exreme violence: eye gougings, face smashings. throat ripping, and a huge hole blown through the torso of John Morghen. Features John Saxon of Enter the Dragon Fame.Italian gore freaks take note.
Although I would hesitate to call it "film noir," Strange Illusion is a tightly woven, intriguing mystery. For a Poverty Row production, the writers and Ulmer paced the film well and kept it interesting. The acting, although amateurish at times, doesn't distract from a believable story. My only real complaint about the film is the music-- too much of it and too loud. Brett's penchant for teenage girls is a refreshingly realistic perversion for a film of the '40s. It also stands in stark contrast to the "gee whiz" scenes (as mentioned in a previous comment), which seem like they were lifted straight out of "Leave It to Beaver." I rate it 7/10.
This Show Is The Best I Have Ever Seen Henry Warinmont The Photo Man Talks About Childhood Memories Like Mister Rogers Has A Heart Like Mister Warbucks One Episode Dog Dough Afternoon When Punky Started A Dog Grooming Business She Wanted To Do Anything To Make It Last But Realized That Mister Warinmont Said You're Not Expensive You're Pricless That's A Way To Say I Love You When Punky First Cleaned Mister Warinmont's Aparment When It Was A Pig Pen In The Poilt Episode Punky Finds A Home It Was Another Way To Say I Love You Like The Song In Mister Rogers Neighborhood That Goes There Are Many Ways To Say I Love You
I loved the beginning titles as well as the ending. The music and costumes were stunning! The mansion and special effects were equally stunning! So much work went into this movie and it really shows. I just wish they would have shown the ballroom (Mardi Gras) scene more. I was really looking forward to that and they only showed it for a few seconds. Overall I recommend seeing this movie, it is dry in a couple of parts, but what movie isn't! Also fans of the ride will notice many more correlations to the ride are in The Haunted Mansion than there were in Pirates of the Caribbean. I especially loved the 'Welcome Foolish Mortals'!
Really enjoyed this but especially because of Susie Amy who plays the lead character, she really held her own against some big names, and is beautiful. It's an all round entertaining film, which I believe was made for TV. I completely disagree with some of the reviews here about the acting, the reviews at Amazon.com where I bought the DVD were really good. I like this sort of film, it's easy viewing, not difficult to follow, the writing is very simplistic but the characters were throughly entertaining. Surprisingly I thought Gerard was one of the weaker performers compared to his usual standard. Well worth watching if you enjoy all round light entertainment.
I picked this up at the rare video store on VHS since it seems it's not very well known or even on DVD. It's a surprisingly refreshing Supernatural horror film with elements of the 'Giallo' mixed in. Well directed, even creepy at times it is very interesting. The plot deals with a professor who uncovers a sinister plot. Filled with good camera-work, colorful elaborate lighting and scenes in old city centers of Europe, it is enticing for the horror fan. If you liked this, I'd recommend: Zeder (1983)(aka "Zeder - Voices from Beyond" or "Revenge of the Dead"), The House of the Laughing Windows (1976), Suspiria (1977) and One Dark Night (1983).
Saw this film when it came out, more than a quarter century ago. Nothing spectacular, but a good, enjoyable thriller, about a British team (led by Roger Moore, slightly out of character as a serious, sober and somewhat eccentric government agent) trying to overtake an oil platform in the North Sea that has been hijacked by a band of terrorists (led by the late, unforgettable Anthony Perkins, in one of his nervous, unsettling performances). The great James Mason also appears as one of the top admirals of the British navy. A good, solid thriller overall. A female prime minister (an obvious stand-in for then premier Margaret Thatcher) congratulates Bond (er, Roger Moore) at the end.
This is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE of Nicholle Tom's movies. Nicholle was the perfect choice to play Amy Dustin and her acting is superior! I think Nicholle should have won an Academy Award for her performance in this movie. When Amy is forced to by Pete have sex with him you can clearly see the fear in her eyes. I have seen this movie several time and I am still impressed and deeply touched by the way the movie tells the story of Amy Dustin. It is a tragic tale of how a young girl can be abused by a older man. I think everyone (and not just Nicholle fans) should see this movie.
I loved every bit of this documentary, I was really eager to know the genesis and the expansion of Islam. I would recommend this movie/documentary for anyone who wants to have an insight on Islam. And i would also recommend it seeing on a big screen TV. Also the narration by Ben Kingsley is phenomenal.Not many people know that Kingsley is a Muslim ( born to an Indian Muslim Father and British Mom). In this present era, with everything thats been said on TV, this is a great eye-opener for the most beautiful religion of the world. For anyone and everyone to know the history and the truth , i highly recommend.
Hmm... so Cameron is a psychic kid who accidentally brings a ferocious demon up from hell into his closet... Sounds like it might have potential. It did, but did it utilize that potential? No. Though this movie is tad creepy, it had some real major lows to it. Examples: the stomach growling noises coming from the closet, the almost 80's music video special effects (no wonder the thing died at the end, I think I would too if someone shot bad special effects at me through their finger tips). So, you should only preview this movie to see if you really like it first, but I don't recommend buying right away, especially without a preview.
Mask of the Phantasm is one the best Batmans movies ever conceived. It gives that dark brooding look of the batman TV show, throws in an amazing original score, excellent voice acting, and a storyline that encourages us to look at the Batman story in a more human and emotional way. We have well established bad guys instead of just having a guy escape from prison, we have strong inner-conflict dilemmas and very well drawn action scenes. The only downside is that it could have been longer, although the rather short (compared to most movies) length does a good job of not making the flow feel dull or boring. I highly suggest this movie.
The all star cast delivers all star performances in this first rate drama. I won't alliterate the story line, anymore than I have in the Summary, but this work was very compelling, demonstrating a realism seldom found in these types of works. Do not be surprised to find yourself emotionally invested in these characters and their plight. While I do not watch it often as the subject matter is quite serious, I do consider it one of my favorites of this genre. The story is great, sadly so, but great. And as I said before, the performances are about the best to be found. It rates an 8.8/10 from... the Fiend :.
It's movies like these that make me wonder what insane people would be shameless enough to put their names on this piece of trash. Spoiler: There is a ridiculous dance scene that made tears come to my eyes as I was laughing at the dork flailing around to a boy band. Dialouge= terrible. Little girl= annoying. Dad= stereotypical. Watch it for the laughs, not for the quality. There are some good Disney movies out there, this is not one of them!!! There is also a scene where the entire family must defend there lives in an exaggerated smoothie malfunction scene. Parents, this is one movie that you probably don't need to watch with your kids.
In an age when serial killers are deified, what Val Lewton and company wrought so long ago must seem tame, indeed; quaint. But THE LEOPARD MAN is anything but a tame little "murder mystery": it's a spooky psycho-sexual story about a serial killer feeding (as is the serial killer's wont) on the innocent. Cornell Woolrich (whose novel BLACK ALIBI was the impetus for this film) was definitely ahead of the curve on this one and the Lewton approach (to suggest rather than to show; to imply rather than indulge) fits, if you'll pardon the allusion, like a glove... Woolrich and Lewton were both on the same wave length, and THE LEOPARD MAN comes highly recommended.
Set in a small New Mexico village, this is a classic 'noir' tale of two rival nightclub entertainers, an escaped black leopard, and a serial killer. By today's standards, the plot is predictable and you'll figure out who the killer is early on, but there is till much to enjoy-great black&white photography, neat camera angles, and at least one chilling scene...the blood of the young girl seeping under the door, while her mother and brother stand by helplessly. Worthy of note is the lack of visuals concerning the actual murders...rarely do we see the cat or the killer. Considered a classic in its time, this one stayed around the theatre circuit for over a decade.
"Foyle's War" is all about Michael Kitchen as Christopher Foyle, a soft-spoken civilian detective who unravels murder mysteries using his deductive prowess while Britain gears up for WWII. Everything that happens in this very civilized, easy-going TV drama series is inextricably involved with the Brit war effort imparting a sense of the period and the history to the intrigues and drama of the stories. Although some clues are kept from the audience, much of each of the 90 minute mysteries can be deduced along with the protag offering an enjoyable "play along" aspect as Foyle slogs toward the inevitable crime busting conclusion. "Foyle's War" should be good stuff for those into cozy mystery fun. (B+)
Personally, I find Foyle's War very well done for a war time series and a police series for that matter. I also like the characters' personalities. Foyle does not use foul language nor does he raise his voice along with other main characters. Sam's character is actually uplifting as a chauffeur and her being helpful to Foyle. For most police series I rather watch British series such as Foyle's War, Midsomer Murders, New Tricks, Rosemary & Thyme, A Touch Of Frost, etc. rather than those hyper tension ones that American networks are bringing out. I watch it with my wife on either TV Ontario or WPBS from the US. we like it very much.
I watched the first episode out of curiosity, but I really did not expect to like it. Even with such great actresses, I thought it would probably be stupid. But once the first episode was over I couldn't wait to watch the next one, and it's continued to be that way! These women lead such exciting lives, and their love for each other is so refreshing to watch. This show is about what friendship is suppose to be, and rich people with seemingly great lives have problems too. I'm also really enjoying Andrew McCarthy's character, Joe! He's a billionaire that can be very romantic, but he also has issues. This is a very enjoyable show!!!
It amazes me, that Valentino-as-the-sheik was able to start such a fashion in the 1920s. Watching this sequel of THE SHEIK I keep seeing everything that had already been recycled in the Broadway operetta DESERT SONG - also filmed as an early talkie, shortly after SONG OF THE SHEIK. Valentino far outclasses everyone I've ever seen play "The Red Shadow" - and visually the SON OF THE SHEIK is much better than any DESERT SONG film version (even the later, color one). Considering the intense interest in 'Arab Matters' today, it's sad that no one revives DESERT SONG done Valentino-style. Because even after all those years - his 'hypnotic gaze' in the film remains hypnotic.
That Certain Summer must have been ground breaking for a 1972 audience. Today I saw the film for the first time, and am duly impressed. Too bad it's not available for sale on DVD, or video. Well done stories about homosexuality are difficult to find. This one is well worth seeing! As That Certain Summer was done before the intrusion of AIDS, the film can only focus on homosexuality itself, not on the complexities of gay people reacting to crisis. Fortunately LOGO is showing That Certain Summer, and other similarly good films. That Certain Summer is comparable to the qualities found in Long Time Companion, and As Is. I recommend it!
Totally generic, forgettable trash. Boring story and terrible animation (typical of Hanna Barbera). Not much different than the equally forgettable TV series, except with this they got "celebrity" voices. Hanna Barbera should never have been hired to make a robot cartoon. There was a reason Transformers is remembered and loved and Gobots gone and forgotten-- the difference in quality of their respective television shows. Both were good toys, but Transformers had fun stories and great animation (for its time). Gobots was standard Saturday Morning schlock. I strongly suggest get the DVDs of "Machine Robo: Revenge of Cronos" (currently out on Region 1) instead and see how the Gobots & Rock Lords should have been done.
A great great biopic of Ruth Etting and Martin, the "Gimp" Snyder. Day is in great singing form and also holds her own as an actress. Her rendition of the title song is tremendous. Was there ever a better actor than Cagney? Did he ever make a bad film? His style will live forever. When you think of the films he made- White Heat, Yankee Doodle Dandy, Man of a Thousand Faces, and Love Me or Leave Me - I mean, who can compare? Joe Pesci is in some respects a good successor- as a little tough guy. But Cagney is great in all kinds of films- not just gangster films. And he could dance.
Attended the first commercial screening of The Orphanage (El Orfanato) last night at FrightFest, London. Juan Antonio Bayona and writer Sergio G. Sanchez have delivered something really special for their first feature. I have never jumped out of my seat like I did last night, nor my partner, nor most of the audience it seemed. Apart from the terrific scares, there are solid performances from the whole cast, stunning cinematography, and the editing is flawless. If I had to criticise one element, it is that the music swells just a little too much a couple of times, but it is a good score nonetheless. See this one at the cinema.
Oh yeah, cool(and terribly British) comedy. Basically jokes everywhere of how badly the war was going in 1917. Involving the cunning Captain Edmund Blackadder. The not so cunning Private Baldrick. The silly Leutenant(that's pronounced Leftenant in Briatin, don't ask me why)Geroge. Their commanding officer:General Sir Anthony Cecil Hogmany Melchett(what a mouthful). And his second in command:Captain Kevin Darling. Captain Blackadder is simply trying has best to get out of this silly war with the Germans. But the idiot, General Melchett, keeps him there. Captain Darling's name is a great centre for comedy as the characters constantly address him is 'darling'(damn i've given it away) Overall, my favourite comedy. What more can I say.
I loved this movie. I thought the banter between Holden and Mitchum were subtly hilarious. The facial expressions were spot on from Holden. Young was formidable in this part as well. I think it takes a strong cast to make a movie that revolves around four sole characters. It was a great romantic comedy. I liked the chemistry between Mitchum and Young on screen. I also thought that Gary Gray added the right amount of drama/comedy to the whole show. I loved the scenes in the woods with Mitchum and Holden bickering and making their pleas to Young. All in all, I think this is a good movie, and definitely worth the time of watching.
There are few things to say about this incredibly stupid movie, but the most important thing is: stay AWAY from it. It's so bad I was about to leave the theater after 15 minutes of it, but I stayed, hoping it would get better (by the way, how come I saw it in a movie theater if it was made for TV?). The acting is bad, dialog is stupid, the premise is dumb, and you actually begin to think that you would be grateful if the woman died. You never really care about the characters, actually. It might be the worst movie I have seen in 2 or 3 years. It is that bad.
I've never seen a film starring DeNiro which disappointed. He is a brilliant actor, one of the very best, and I expect first class entertainment. Some situations in this film are hard to swallow i.e. the helicopter chase where machine guns fail to stop DeNiro and his two "companions", a "dip" in a very turbulent river fails to shake the determination of DeNiro's pursuit of Grodin who manages, despite the encumbrance of a large overcoat, to remain afloat. Aside from a few other minor flaws it is good entertainment with lots of wise cracks from DeNiro which help underline the comedic aspects of the film. I've seen it three times and will see it again.........K.M.
Kopps is a very entertaining Swedish comedy from the opening of the film to the final credits. Like most Swedish films, the cinematography is exceptional and the acting is top-notch. What makes this find stand apart is the screenplay is well-written and humorous. It's accessible to large audiences. Most people will enjoy this film. Each character in the film is unique and a joy to watch. It has a good story, and does very well at capturing small town life in modern-day Sweden. This film is not an historical period piece or set on a rural farm, which is refreshing. And it's better than most Hollywood movies. This director has a real future in film-making.
When one thinks about Northern European cinema you think about frozen landscapes, desert towns, drama, Bergman, Liv Ullman, Von trier... You wouldn't relate Sweden or Denmark to the crazy comedy, but that's what you're gonna find in "Kopps": a small town and four cops whose jobs are at risk (no crime = no need of cops). Now, what are they gonna do? Can you figure it out? Well, if you can't just give "Kopps" a chance. OK, it's not one of the best movies ever, but it's much more funny than most of nowadays Hollywood comedies. It's full of hilarious situations and crazy characters (the police dog is a Chihuahua!!). *My rate: 7/10
I gave it a 2 because the actors were OK, the actresses quite pretty and they seemed to make at least a half-hearted effort. The rest of the movie however is awful. There's little suspense other than the odd shock, the plot is poor, the script awful and the production value horrendous. I've tried really hard to be generous with this one but have found it difficult. It's also quite perturbing to see Jerry O'Connell's brother in this movie as there are flashes when one thinks it's him, but then the realisation seeps in that it's just someone who looks like him! Avoid. Don't even waste your money on renting this one.
I was skeptical. The movie began, and the introduction had my attention right away. The color shifts or black-and-white- to color, back and forth, was very good. The music was hers, obviously, and were wise choices as the soundtracks. This movie made me see Madonna as less than simply a superstar, but as a human being, with her flaws very evident. The highlight of the whole documentary are the clips of her concert, which is probably the best she has ever done. The stage, the choreography and costumes are phenomenal. Madonna has proved that age simply made her get better,and that even though she may be under the radar sometimes, she is still very relevant.
A truly charming film, with wonderful actors, which captures the very essence of rural Ireland and its windswept islands offshore. Few movies can be shown to children these days; however, this is one that can. Jeni Courtney as "Fiona" is terrific, and a remarkable young actress. Having spent time on the unspoiled coast and in the quaint villages of County Donegal, this film brings them to life for all to see and enjoy. It is a magic movie and I recommend it to anyoneunless magic and "fairies" have gone out of your life, in which case this film and "Finding Neverland" (with brilliant acting by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet) might bring them back.
Geat movie. Salma and Russell really shine together, and the dialog is amazingly good and really hits the spot. The two main characters spend a lot of time talking about relationships, but it never gets cheesy - quite the opposite. Its real, its insightful, and it vividly portrays the complex emotions that go into relationships and the conflicting feelings that make them so exasperating and yet so irresistible. And of course Salma is absolutely a treat to the eyes. If you've been in love, and if you've ever felt the pain of parting - even temporarily - you'll just fall in love with this move. A must see.
I was amazed by Ramsay's thorough understanding of children and their feelings. This film, a touching portrayal of a father-daughter relationship, is by far the best I have seen. Poetical depiction of the seemingly endless railways are reminiscent of the long and hard life. One has to accept the people you love as they are and realize that they may be loved by others. One needs to be able to share the beloved. Final scene is the best. The girl forgives her rival. It is interesting how the girl starts to hate her rival. I wonder how important was the fact that they look alike. I think I want to start shooting movies as well.
Captain Chaos, The Rat Pack, Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis! Burt, Roger Moore, and Mr...um...Foyt! Some say this isn't a masterpiece, there are no digital effects or Oscar nominated performances. Please! It's just fun watching some of the greats who have passed on and some others who were in their prime having a blast doing a movie that makes little sense and that's just the way I like it. I promise you will laugh and you won't know why, but you won't care! Great movie for anyone who wants to have a beer with his friends and watch a funny, pointless, silly movie. Unfortunately, I also recommend Peter Jackson's King Kong for the same reasons.
Best film this year. Indian Cinema at its best.If its said a "lost film by David Lean"-It deserves it. Vidhu Vinod Chopra-Two Thumbs up-This man is our hope. No words to describe this film. A modern day masterpiece. Vidhu Vinod Chopra's best. Breathtaking performances from Big B, Saif, Boman, Jackie, Sanjay, Vidya etc. Superb music and score and wonderful cinematography and locales not to forget the awe inspiring visual effects. In the years to come will be remembered as a CLASSIC. This is a poem on celluloid. Shakespeare nestling in the sands of Rajathan. This piece of work would have made Shakespeare smile broadly A must watch for Cinema Lovers. EKlavya-a Royal TREAT!
I was lucky enough to be able to preview this film on October 6, in Greenville, SC with my wife. While I had seen the previews several months ago for this film and thought it looked pretty good, I went in thinking it would be just another "chick flick". I was wrong. The story-telling was superb and very rarely dragged along, holding the attention well (I never looked at my watch). The acting was very good from all involved and Dakota is cute as ever. The drama was riveting without being over done or heavy-handed. All in all this film is a winner (no puns intended) and great for people of all ages (and genders).
Not a good movie indeed. Far too much talking, and not enough cars eating Paris. Wait, what am I talking about? THERE WERE NO CARS EATING PARIS!!! What kind of a stupid title is that?!? How can you call a movie something it is not?! There was no eating, and there definately was no Paris like I imagined. I did not imagine a rinky dink little town in Australia that ran cars off the road in order to build more cars... This movie had no plot connections, no likeable characters, and where did that growl come from?!?! AUGGHHHH!!! Do not watch this movie, even if it's because people say not to. It's just that bad.
the doomsday machine is a hunk of space junk,i believe it was filmed in 1968 and shelved till 1972.the cast is noteworthy but wasted,grant Williams(incredible shrinking man)Casey kasum(American top ten DJ) Mala powers,bobby van(navy vs the night monsters)James Craig(the cyclops)and mike Farrell(m*a*s*h*)as a reporter.the Chinese invent a doomsday device and well you know the rest.its a really bad premise and the special fx look hokey.its bottom of the barrel science fiction thats not even so bad its good.if you need a cure for insomnia then by all means watch the doomed doomsday machine.Elvira hosted this film on VHS/DVD too bad mst3k isn't still on they would have a field day with this.1 out of 10.
Gene Tierney was not convincing at all in this film. The longer I watched the less I liked her character. "Oh, I've been arrested for murder, but I don't want to hurt my husband's reputation by admitting to stealing a pin!" Her failure to say anything just aggravates the audience. Apparently, the writer forgot what elements are needed to encourage the viewers to care about the victims. They either need to be mentally-challenged or fully able to execute rational decisions. They can't be in-between? One minute she's reasonably independent, the next she can't even spit out what's on her mind. Annoying... It causes you to loose interest, because you don't care what happens to her.
I love it! it's my favorite (and only) Daffy Duck cartoon; I'm not too crazy about him. And I'm not to keen on parody too...In fact, I HATE IT PERIOD! But I can make an acceptance with this great swash-buckling cartoon by Chuck Jones with animation by Phil Monroe; I love Chuck Jones/Phil Monroe collaborated cartoons. And since this short is based around the title of the story "The Scarlet Pimpernel," I would like to point out, that I've seen the movie version of "The Scarlet Pimpernel" from 1935 starring Leslie Howard on T.C.M. I had even taped it too, and I'm even thinking of reading the book too; I'm crazy about literary movies.
Any negative comments about this movie and only come from a teenage Friday night action movie buff or someone who knows nothing about dance. I won't rave about how good it is because you'll discover that yourself one you see the DVD. It could be the supreme dance movie. The choreography and dancing is the best I've seen in fifty years of 'dance' movies. Patrick Swayze, his wife Lisa Niem, George De La Pena are supposed to be over-the-hill dancers, but in real life...they are far from it. All three, plus a brilliant ensemble dance to perfection. If you're a dancer or love movies about dancers, this is a definite must-see! Ten stars for sure!
It's hard to believe that Chuck Jones, known for irreverent masterpieces like "Duck Amuck" and "What's Opera, Doc?", started out with something as simple as "The Night Watchman". It portrays a kitten having to take over his ill father's job as a security guard (it's not identified where this cartoon takes place), only to have a bevy of tough mice bully him and chow down on all the food. Until the kitten's guardian angel enters the fray. We should be able to forgive Chuck if this one seems weak compared to his most famous work; after all, everyone had to start somewhere. So if nothing else, this one's worth watching as a historical reference.
"H20" is a mini-series that keeps you on the edge of your seat. What Paul Gross and John Krizanc have written is a masterful addition to the political thriller genre, where the viewer never knows who is the villain and who is the good guy. Add to that a superb cast of actors (including Gross, Martha Henry, Peter MacNeill) and the cinematic eye of director Charles Biname, and you have a satisfying and intelligent piece of work. I recommend this highly: how often do you get an exciting drama that makes you think about our political system and how dependent we are on the benevolence of our neighbours to the south? Ten out of ten.
Another stupid American comedy especially for people who want to waste their time, sitting in a couch and watching crap. The usual plot: small town, widower, son trying to set up his dad with warm-hearted prostitute, bad guys.... happy end!!! Apart from that, there's no plot, no depth, no fun, no characters, no no no... Watching it, simply created me a feeling to smash the TV. I just feel sorry for people who paid to see this bulls**t in cinema. English (legend) Mc Dowell and Harris must have been in terrible need of bucks. :P Griffith is simply awful and jokes are colder than North Pole! *Only for a "special" type of people :P*
I LOVED this movie, all of those bad reviews you've just read are completely wrong. It is so sweet, and realistic when it comes to the terrible reality of the modern-day slaves: prostitutes. It was wonderful that they showed that "hookers" are really human, despite their less-than-normal job. The little boy, Frank, was adorable in everything he did, the actor who played him was wonderful. It was heart-warming to see just how much he cared for V, even though he knew what she did for a living. I would have my kids see this movie if I had kids; it has underlying morals, such as anti-prejudice and the like. This movie definitely deserves a ten!
I've been watching this every night it's on Cinemax recently. My favorite parts are when Fred is pointing the sub at Randy and when Fred reads the letter and says "Sharktank." I wish they used the part where the boss tells Red "You don't have to tell me everytime you have to take a p**s," because I would have just lost it. I think another reason I like this so much is because I find Shawshank to be somewhat cliche and extremely manipulative (for creating loveable prisoners and for that sappy closing monologue). Don't get me wrong...I think Shawshank is very well done, but it has become overrated, and this is exactly what it needed.
Eating Out 2 maintained the off-the-wall dialogue and ridiculous characters that made it's predecessor hilarious. However, the near-constant semi-nudity was a significant detraction to the film, with some scenes approaching soft-core cable pornography. My straight friends were visibly uncomfortable during several scenes and even my gay friends could have done with less nipple biting and stomach licking. That said, there were several fantastic comedic moments in the film and, unlike other raucous comedies (think of the "American Pie" series) there was no endless parade of fart jokes and tired one-liners. Overall, it was a fun movie to watch, but probably should be one to catch on DVD so as to utilize the "fast forward" button.
I've told many of my friends and co-workers to watch this movie, but only tell them it is a courtroom thriller about a botched medical procedure. The film makes a subtle and brilliantly presented point while interesting to watch. I had the privilege of running into Jonathan Flora when he was touring in Ohio. He's quite an impressive guy and his wife, Deborah (Ann Brown) is a genuine sweetheart. I was equally impressed with the premium quality of production in this film from a very limited budget. For that point alone, if I were a producer, I would hire Flora on the spot. Buy this movie and share it with your friends and family.
Romola Garai and Rose Byrne as stellar as two sisters coming-of-age and in virtual competition with each other. The film is centered around their family life as they live in a old English castle circa 1930s. Most of the film is told from Garai's character's point of view and through this you see her genius father slowly go insane as he struggles to survive the novelist sophomore slump, which isn't helped along any by their eccentric mother. Byrne's character is a seductive vixen who has a guy who loves her but she would rather chase after another, meanwhile her younger sister (Garai's character) is in love with the very same man whom her sister repels.
For a low budget movie, it's way above average...in part to a well written (albeit campy) script, that has a a very good premise. The script itself has it's high and low points, with many of the lines going to Maturin, who uses them well. The script is mysterious and keeps you hanging on to see what will happen next. Who cares if it's a knock-off of PuppetMaster...it has it's own strange charm, in a John Waters directed type way. Jack Maturin does an excellent acting job as the insufferable billionaire Virgil Travis...as does Bill Burns as the stoic Mr. Mascara. A must have in any horror collection. Throughly entertaining, and way under-rated IMHO.
"Enduring Love" is an above average Brit flick all about Joe (Craig) who finds himself in wrestling with potential guilt over a hot air balloon accident. And, If that weren't enough, he finds that tragic incident also beset him with a peculiar sort of obsessive stalker which eats away at his peace of mind and infects his relationship with his girlfriend, Clair (Morton), until he finds himself slipping over the brink of destruction. A very well managed film with a good cast and production value and a plodding and plaintive story, this film builds slowly to a crescendo between two horrific incidents. "Enduring Love" should be an engrossing watch for realists into of psychodramas. (B+)
The star of this show is the hotel, it is a awesome and atmospheric set piece. The acting is fairly average, which is fine for a movie like this. The direction is strong and the camera work good. The story is a remake of an older movie that i have not seen.Basic story: A being/man is killing people to feed off of them in some evil ritual that keeps him alive. The death seems are a blast, reasonable gory and full of jumps. I have not had this many jumps in a movie in a long time, makes these fun to watch. All in all a great bargain bin movie or 2.00 rental.
I was just a young pup with barely enough allowance to cover a movie. I never could have bought the pay per view. Now that I'm an adult I'm paying a fortune for bootlegs and authorized versions. That's the thing about nostalgia, what seemed unimportant as a child becomes the stuff that dreams are made of sitting in a cubicle all day. Still, the official release is worth picking up. I'm disappointed some acts chose not to participate in the re-release. I guess Led Zepplin doesn't need any new publicity but if I was the Hooters I'd be begging for a chance to get back into daylight, never mind the spotlight.
This movie probably would give an impression of coming from the mind of someone like Ed Wood - completely idealistic and with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. This really is the Ultimate Turkey if you ask me. Aune Sand would probably be best described as Norway's answer to Ed Wood, a young idealistic filmmaker who thinks his movies are a great work of art. No matter what anyone else says. And ironically enough this movie has been one of the biggest domestic commercial successes for a Norwegian film ever. About the plot and characters there's not really much to say except: terrible, dreadful, boring and involuntarily funny. See this movie at your own risk...
I'm NOT a Woody fan, but his comedy about male/female relationships makes you laugh. The subject is just as current in our post-modern, dated-you-yesterday ... dating-someone-else-today world. Too bad there's the eventual bedding of Ms. Keaton which just doesn't ring true. I recommend watching a Bogart film before (or with) this comedy to appreciate Lacy's portrayal of Bogart. He's credible! There's seamless choreography in some scenes involving Woody's imagined interplay with Bogart while "real" characters converse with Woody. My favorite line is "I fought those guys. My face hit his fist and my nose broke his knee." My favorite visual is the Jennifer date that ends with the door closed on him as he talks.
Unfortunately It's difficult to erase Steve Martin's recent abysmal C.v but this Is very amusing, he plays the Ignorant, delusional eejit as well as anyone as this the man with 2 brains & the brilliant Bowfinger showcase. I saw "bringing down the house" a week later and the un-natural, rubbish humour Is miles away from this highly entertaining turn. As a despicable mafia sellout Martin Is great In being as low-life as humanly possible. Resorting to the cheapest shot whenever cornered he does It all with a stupid smirk and pithy comeback. Slightly poking fun at Goodfellas In plot Martin's jumped up, jokey mafioso personna makes My blue heaven perfect drunk Friday night fare.
This movie had the potential to be so much more with such an ensemble cast and premise. Unfortunately, from the first minutes of the movie onward, it becomes quickly self-evident that the movie is a pretentious and failed attempt at trying to be a smart comedy. The acting was over the top, the dialog mediocre and the characters unbelievable. The humour used in the movie was only successful in a rare few instances. Mostly it just falls short of being funny and quickly becomes just plain annoying. And that's without going into the contrived twists and turns of the plot. The closing credits were a welcome relief to a very disappointing movie.
I saw this movie yesterday in the San Sebastian Film Festival. I liked the message a lot.A German TV executive has a wake-up call and changes his life ,supporting a culture-driven society. In these days , TV programs are usually rubbish, and a lot people think in that way, it's difficult to find programs with real interest. So Reclaim your Brain for me is a very good title. We,Citizens, are very tired of this rubbish we are sold day over day. we can change the world!. But this change is not in the movies, but In our everyday's life. thank you to all the crew of this movie for doing this picture.
We saw this film in a screening down at the film society. Loved it. This film is an excellent comment on the sick media world. Quite dramatic and brutal in the first part, warm and funny in the second. Full of mad ideas. A prankster movie and at the same time a political statement on the brainwash. Is it comedy? Drama? I don't know. Does it matter? Definitely worth seeing. I also really loved it, because it's so different from the standard European art-house flicks. More fun, more diverse, crazier. A raw film. Moritz Bleibtreu, the male lead, seems to be one of Germany's finest. Camera is doc style, hand-held, but never nauseating.
There are actors who always attract people's attention no matter what role they play and no matter what the film is about. Al Pacino is one of these guys. Most of his movies are great! And this is one of these good ones. The plot might not been so original, but it is good and moves the film beautifully. Det. Frank Keller (Pacino) is a policeman who investigates a series of crimes until the moment he falls in love and gets deeply involved with the main suspect, a very beautiful and sexy woman, played by Ellen Barkin. The performances are really good and the film pace is just breathtaking. My rate 8/10
This movie is my favorite. It has so many truths and is hilarious. I recommend to any guy. It helps explain relationships. It also faces everyday problems with dating and finding the one. A must see for anyone between the ages of 20 - 40. Has some great characters kind of like Tomcats. The guy from Office Space, and others. If you like comedies you will love this movie. THere are a lot of one liners too that are very funny. Ryan Renolds is great too. I like how they explain dating problems and finding "the one". THe movie flows very well especially when Ryan thinks he is gay!lol and the flashbacks at the airport.
This movie is the best movie that I have ever bought that I did know anything about!!! I only bought it because of Ryan Reynolds, but I must say that I will be recommending it to all of my friends and to everyone here. If you want to laugh and watch a movie that is so completely underrated that I want to complain, then please go, buy a copy, rent one, what ever you have to do to be able to see this hilarious movie. Yes OK the ending is slightly predictable but it doesn't matter. If you try it and it didn't suit you then at least you tried something new.
The Camera-work on the film is complete crap, it looks like it was filmed on a second hand camera brought from a car boot sale in Tokyo, and edited on an old junk yard hard drive. The actors look like they've been pulled off the street or are out of work porn stars, The special FX consist of a fake knife, and some ketchup. Its filmed in some kind of basement, with lousy shots of a city street. In all, it serves only as inspiration to make your own low budget film, you could pick up some techniques, other than that, don't bother watching it.
I saw this movie when I was around 13 years old.I felt the movie seemed a bit like a "movie of the week". The only great thing about this movie was the intro at the beginning and the theme of the movie. The intro (beginning credits) was a scary cartoon done in shadow.In the cartoon you see a woman giving birth to a baby to be quickly taken away by the "devil" who then eats the baby! Very strange to say the least.I tried to get the soundtrack on CD but I had to settle on getting a 12 inch record. When it came on DVD,I bought it just for the intro!
This is a fantastic movie. Well done. During our screening at a particularly tough part for the title character, I heard people in the theater say "No, no..." The level of "buy in" and suspension of disbelief is high. Even the dissonance of Wizard and Lila's father was handled superbly. Robin Williams hit just the right note in his portrayal of Wizard. The actors playing Agust Rush/Evan Taylor and his mother and father were amazingly well cast. This is truly a symphony of a film. You'll enjoy it, your children will enjoy it, and you will walk out of the theater knowing that, for once, your ticket money was well spent.
This is the worst movie I've seen since "The Love Guru"! Ridiculously laughable story, hammy, bad acting, sub par music, zero chemistry between the two romantic leads, sticky sweet, implausible plot are only a few of the ways I can describe this incredibly bad movie. Robin Williams certainly did nothing for his career with this flop, and he really needs a hit movie badly. This movie is terrible on every conceivable level and it makes me wonder how thinking people could come up with a dud like this one. The fact that some people liked this movie only confirms how stupid the average American is becoming! It's no wonder it went to video so quickly!
This movie not only combines the humor of a man who is mentally trapped in the 1920's, and a modern day society of the 1990's, but the movie itself is fashioned to portray a film made in the 1920's. Everything about it is completely unique, and the scenes come off as something someone in Johnny Twennies' day would concoct. I think this film is a milestone in the history of film-making. The directing was fantastic, and the cast and lines spoken, and feelings portrayed, all come together in a very clean, artistic, and magnificently made finished product. I highly recommend this film to anyone, and believe that even the least-likely candidate would appreciate it's glory.
I had never heard of this before until I saw this on Encore late at night when I was hoping for something to fall to sleep to. It didn't work. This light hearted fast moving delight of a film kept my attention diverted, and instead of Morpheus setting in I wound up energized. Filmed in black and white, just as were so many of the movies that this film continually delivered visual echoes of throughout the length of the whole movie. The musical score is great, and the snappy roaring twenties patter dialog of Johnny Twennies alone make this a film worth buying on DVD - especially if you're a fan of old movies.
This time, Robin Hood (Daffy Duck) tries to convince Friar Tuck (Porky Pig) that he really is Robin Hood, but the circumstances keep working against him. Maybe "Robin Hood Daffy" isn't the greatest cartoon from the Mel Blanc/Chuck Jones crowd, but it's still great. With some of the things that happen to Daffy here, you just have to remember what we learned in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" about a given cartoon character: you can drop anything you want on his head. And let me tell you, Daffy has a lot more to worry about than that! Anyway, this is another cartoon from the Golden Age. You may just feel like Robin Hood after viewing this.
Although everything I know about this era comes from reading about it, nonetheless One of the Hollywood Ten seems to accurately depict a darker side of our history during the Cold War years when Communism was a threat to our country. (If this was real or a perceived threat is controversial). However, One of the Hollywood Ten does accurately tell the story of Herber Bieberman and his trials and eventual conviction of being branded a communist by the US Government, and the ramifications this had to not only his life, but also that of his actress wife as well. Well written and excellently acted, One of the Hollywood Ten is certainly worth watching.
excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master piece.excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master piece. piece. piece. piece. piece.excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master piece.excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the masterexcellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the masterexcellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master piece. piece. piece.excellent and the screenplay was outstanding. Thanks for the master piece.
I walked in "For Your Consideration" with a broad grin, eagerly anticipating the next ingenious Christopher Guest film. What I got was an unbelievably awful pile of odds and ends tied clumsily together by a script that allows little room for Guest's actors to do their trademark improv work. Guest has always been able to transform everyday topics into absurdist slices of hilarity, but here, he fails miserably. His great cast (Fred Willard, Ricky Gervais, Eugene Levy) struggles to squeeze some pizzaz out of a mirthless screenplay, but bomb doing so. This is simply, the year's unfunniest movie. For a film about Oscar hooplah, "Consideration" sure won't be seeing the little golden man this year.
It says it is a thriller. I'm not sure I agree with it. It's like Big brother but every day the contestants are psychoanalyzed. It's insane. It has a lot of nudity but it's all in a good taste. The whole film has been shot with infra-red cameras except the game show host. The film was originally conceived in 1992. There was a book before that. I saw an interview with the director Nick Peterson/Virtual Alien where he said that the only reason he didn't sue the makers of Big Brother was that George Orwell should first have the copyright on the TV show. Full mark for the music score!
I watched the movie many, many times after buying the DVD. It is inspiring and every time I see it I never get tired of it. I recommend the soundtrack. This movie is very lively. I loved it, and don't know who wouldn't. A movie about people who rise no matter what the circumstances, or challenges in their life, mostly young people. The people in the movie, show the inside of krumping, and clowning. My favorite characters for clowning are Tommy the clown, Larry, Black, Swoop, Little momma, and Big X. My favorite characters for krumping are Lil C, Tight Eyes, Miss Prissy, Baby Tight Eyes, Daisy, and Dragon. Go by the DVD!!!!!!!!! RIZE!
The first Goal was a great movie that i believe every soccer fan should view. With my first beliefs this one could not catch up I stand corrected. This movie had just as much passion and love for the game and the characters as the other one. Great camera work, amazing/thrilling moments throughout all to form a great movie experience!!! Definitely worth the watch for any soccer fan. All characters are well presented, and the movies plot is not lost throughout as young Munez finds his way as a real first class soccer player. My favorite part of this movie is that all of my favorite players are seen as players who play with Munez.
I'd heard it wasn't a good movie, but I rented it anyway because I ran out of options at the local video rental. Bad call. Rob Reiner, who usually is good at making catchy comedies, fails miserably this time around. It's a shame because it tends to taint all the quirky, fun memories that the delightful "When Harry Met Sally..." offered a decade ago. Bad script, bad direction, bad acting equals bad movie. Every acting "effort" in this movie pretty much sucks, but special mention must go to Rita Wilson (AKA Mrs. Hanks). I had no idea she was this bad. I'd never seen her in a movie before and now I know why.
Jiang Xian uses the complex backstory of Ling Ling and Mao Daobing to study Mao's "cultural revolution" (1966-1976) at the village level. The film has the elements and pace of Chinese opera and so appears slow and sometimes sentimental to the foreign viewer. But the movie provides a window onto contemporary life in China, with its focus upon villagers in the city, the consuming quality of subsistence--daily struggle, family and local cruelties--and the appeal of movies as escape, fantasy, and, ultimately, as source of community. This last is the most radical element in the film, for it suggests the modern--and universal--experience of culture will replace the insular Chinese traditions. The child actors are particularly fine.
This movie was so awful that it inspired me to sign into IMDb after not doing so for a couple of years. For the life of me, I can't understand why HBO would buy the rights to show this "film". ... (think Walker Texas Ranger type storyline, script, and dialog) The director assembled an encore cast headlined by Terrance Howard, Donnie Wahlberg, and beautiful Nia Long. However, as another poster mentioned, even the all star cast of actors couldn't save the lame script and the predictable "plot twists". This was an awful movie. I'm glad that I watched it on HBO so I only wasted my time and not my money.
I have to say that butter was the greatest movies ever made. I am not joking when I say this. Using the talents of Zeus, Ernie Hudson, and Tony Todd was pure gold. Now, maybe I am biased when I rate this movie a 10, but I was on the edge of my seat in this non-stop thriller. I happen to love these three actors and having them work together was icing on the cake. Ernie Hudson put in an Oscar winning performance and Tony Todd and Zeus were great as Ernie's right hand men. The ending was a classic similar to the ending of Reservoir Dogs. All I can say is "It's butter baby!"
This film is waste of time, money, oxygen, cigarettes, cokes, electricity, etc. It cannot be worse than this. There is no acting, no directing, no camera moves or tricks or effects... The script is awful. Full of clichés, the worst ones... Music is just stupid. The casting is utterly and totally catastrophe. I like KURUPT though. But he does not talk very much. They tried to mix the white western culture and black R&B-HIPHOP thing!!! I don't even know what to call it. What is David Carradine doing there? Believe me I really want to give away the ending, but I will not, I don't know why. just DON'T !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please... I am begging you
Tuck Pendleton (Dennis Quaid) is a hotshot Navy pilot on an unusual and top secret mission; he is to be shrunk down and injected into the body of a rabbit, but when things go wrong he ends up inside Jack Putter (Martin Short) instead. Jack must now work with Tuck in order to stay alive; and it's a great ride. All the cast are good in this film, but Martin Short is brilliant; it's wall to wall action, adventure and laughs, and with a little romance thrown in, it's a winner. The special effects are outstanding for the time and Joe Dante's direction is excellent. Innerspace is fun for the whole family 7/10
One of Ford's better (and lesser known) films, notable for the restraint exercised towards the characters and story. It is about a ship traveling through dangerous waters to bring war supplies to besieged England, and centers on the conflicts, dreams and sufferings of the sailors who inhabit the ship. Wayne does a good job as the big Swede, mostly by not talking much. Ward Bond does a great job with his death scene. It was cool how Ford allowed the audience to become more and more annoyed and frustrated as the situation at the film's climax reaches its conclusion. Not market with the overbearing sentiment that hobbles so much of Ford's output (IMHO).
This is a sweet, quirky, feel good movie that does a decent job of capturing the Santa Cruz climate. I'm generally good at picking up on contrived plots and have spoiled more than one movie for my friends by guessing out loud what would happen next. Although this happened in a few places in this movie, there were also many times where I guessed wrong. There are some unexpected twists and turns, making the film less contrived than might be anticipated. The film wraps up in that typical Hollywood way, in terms of most everyone seeming to live happily ever after. I do have to wonder, though, if Priestly has lived happily ever after...
I was very impressed with the overall cleanliness of this film. Definitely something that the whole family can enjoy and nothing that a parent would have to cover anyone's eyes. This is an example of good Christian film making that will show that Christians can make a quality film. Their world view definitely comes out in this film. That view is hope! Keep up the good work. The film is up there in quality with Return of the Titans. It's a story about redemption, faith, forgiveness, love and team! Again, keep up the good work. Executive produced by one of the authors of the Left Behind Series.
I enjoyed this movie! The Zenon series is very cute, with exciting events in each one. This Zenon Z3 was my favorite. The cast was very good, with Zenon pulling off another excellent performance. Margie and Cassie were good. It was fun for Raven to make a special appearance. The new Proto Zoa was FABULOUS! He was entertaining and performed well. Cosmic Blush gave an excellent performance and had a great voice. The new character, Dasha, was very cute. I thought she was energetic and made the movie entertaining. She brought youth back to the movie series for younger kids that enjoy DisneyChannel. She did a great job for her first performance!
A man has been pursued all his life but does not know why. The film opens with Mitchum's pursuers closing in on him and Wright coming to his side. He relates the story of his life to her, seen in flashbacks. It is strange that he tells her the story because she has been a part of his life since childhood. This bizarre film is unlike any other Western, and is really not a Western in the traditional sense. Mitchum and Wright are OK but the characters are not well developed and their motivations are unclear. Walsh enlivens the action scenes but can't rise above the disjointed script, not helped by the awkward storytelling structure.
This is an excellent documentary that successfully educates the audience on the details and depth of the crisis in Sierra Leone in 1991. The film presents various opposing sides of the conflict through interviews, commentary, and visual events captured on-camera. Although it contains extremely graphic depictions of violence and is not suitable for everyone, the candid nature of the film achieves its goal of jarring its viewers both physically and emotionally. After watching the film with a few close friends, days later we were still making comments to one another and having less-than-welcoming flashbacks of the images we witnessed. For those passionate about history and the struggle of Africa, this documentary is shocking and eye-opening.
Murder By Television is one of Bela Lugosi's more obscure movies but at least it is available on video and DVD. I quite liked this. While doing a worldwide broadcast promoting that new invention called television, a man suddenly collapses and looks as if he could have had a heart attack. His death was certainly not caused by his heart, it seems he was murdered by a death ray. The police are put on the case and there are plenty of suspects... This is a nice little horror/mystery, even though a little short at under an hour. Watch it if you get the chance. Rating: 3 stars out of 5.
"42nd Street Forever" is a great compilation of vintage exploitation film trailers. This is back when b-films were delivered with lots of ballyhoo, and watching these today is still a lot of fun. Often, the trailers for these films were much better than the actual feature. Watching this collection only adds scores of films to my want list. The only depressing thing is a lot of films on hand here remain either unreleased in any commercial form or lost to time completely. Still, anyone who considers themselves a fan (or was interested after seeing the new Tarantino / Rodreiguez film "Grindhouse") of this kind of trash, the "42nd Street Forever" series comes highly recommended. (8/10)
Having spent some time in Russia from 1973 to 1995, I was relieved to find that the details of the everyday life in the Soviet Union presented in the film mostly counteracted the stereotypic quality of the harsh interrogator. I found the scenes of the interaction among the inhabitants living in the communal apartment to ring the truest. The ability of the Russians to suffer and celebrate at the kitchen table also seemed humanly authentic and prepared me to accept the Dr. Zhivago story line. I found myself questioning if I or my wife would give up the comfortable life the family had found at the end for the freedom of one of us separating.
I've seen many documentries on Vlad Dracula, and even though this movie hits on some real points in the impailer's life I think it is more of a prequil to 1992's "Bram Stoker's Dracula" because it focuses on the love story between him and his queen almost mirroring in 90min the short prologue of Dracula '92. Insted of hindering the show expanding that prologue to 90min makes this movie very enjoyable and worth watching. When I saw it I then watched "Bram Stoker's Dracula" skiping the prologue and it worked well as one movie even though the filming style is different. Maybe Dracula 2000 will make this a good but unofficial trilogy?
Look, I don't know what people have against Eddie Murphy films (they always seem to get a low rating on IMDb) but if you watch them for what they are they are FUNNY. @jogliore from United States What's wrong with you? My wife and kids watched this movie and loved it. I loved it. It's funny. It makes you laugh. The acting is good enough for the type of movie. It's a family comedy - not godfather! Anyway, we really enjoyed this movie just like we enjoy most of Eddie Murphy's movies. Have a sense of humour guys. Come on - this deserves much better! 7/10 Mark A.
Initially banned in the UK, only the section entitled THE MIRACLE was shown by special permission of the London County Council. Somehow people seem to persist in interpreting the story as a Second Coming narrative, whereas the character played by Anna Magnani only believes she is to bear a "special" child as a reward for her piety. There is not a shred of evidence to suggest she believes she is carrying the Christ-child. Dubbed by the Vatican as "a sacrilegious blasphemy", it is ironic that, as an atheist, the power and emotional intensity of this film brought me the closest I have ever been to what could perhaps be termed a transcendental experience. A masterpiece.
This a superbly acted film about an undercover cop( Sean Pen) who infultrates a group of American/Irish gangsters who he used to be friends with. The storyline is not the best but it does not have to be when you are watching people like Gary Oldman act his socks off. The film is shot superbly too , especially the fantastic gun fight at the very end in the Irish bar. If there was one critisism i have to make of this film it would be that it is a little too long which can make it feel a little slow. Overall , if you like gangster movies you will like this. 8 out of 10.
The Gangster film trilogy is complete. Not Only does Hitters have an incredible cats, but a beautiful look (camera work and sets rocked!) and a true representation of FAMILY. I know I have a better relationship with my husband and his family because of this film. It hit so many of those funny little typical moments that we all have experienced and shared with loved ones. HITTERS 2 should be Robert Davi and Costas Madylor in a steel cage. Was that Adult film star Ruby Jewles in the night club? I hear she use to date the Director. She is one of the few actresses I could see crossover to main stream without any problems.
Once the movie ended, I started crying. I cried because this creation is one of those that truly touch you, and take you to a fantasy realm that can only be experienced in imagination. As for myself, not only did it do that and more, it also had me think about myself, and my current situation in life, and since my country damaged me so hard, I guess in a similar way, I wont experience a great deal if at all. Which makes me appreaciate movies like this one, that for a little while, I can forget the fact that my body is alive, soul wounded, and brain damaged. This is a great movie.
I liked this film, but it had so much potential to be an important film in Austrian horror-film history. As a thriller, it had every element that makes a European-style thriller breathtakingly beautiful, but as a slasher, this visual beauty took away the terror and fun that is usually associated with the genre. The film is slow and only has fun teen-slasher music at the very beginning and very end. If re-edited with a new soundtrack, faster cuts, and shortened to around the 80minute mark, I believe this could be the film it's solid script hoped it would be. I look forward to watching the sequel as I have read good things about it.
I did not know what to expect when I picked up this DVD. But, I have to admit it held my attention from beginning to end...and boy was the ending a shocker! I don't know if the ending will work for most, but for me it did. The music was very intense and scary as well (I had to buy the soundtrack, it's great for Halloween) Any way, I really liked it and the special features are cool too. For me however, besides the surprise ending and the shocking murder mystery plot twists, what I love the most about this movie is the title...BLEEDING ROSE, ooh nice:)
I have never been so depressed in my life. The movie tells the story of a family--a very dysfunctional family. The type of family that you actually pray for a happy ending to the movie. At the end of the movie, things seem to look up as they move on with their lives, but I just have a feeling that Jack will become a juvenile delinquent, Alice's parents will be so self-absorbed her future will be dismal. The only ones with a possibility of a future without a lifetime of pain is Franklin & Nardia. I can see how some people will appreciate the pain of everyday life...but this was just too much to bear!
Personally, I really enjoyed this movie and found it extremely funny in parts. The premise is almost bog standard classic British farce (and there is nothing wrong with that at all) and I totally endorse the Woody Allen reference made in another review. This is very cleverly put together with a perfect combination of a very witty script, a good director and some excellent performances. The ever reliable Henry Goodman is great as the TV chef whilst the always watchable and very underrated Neil Stuke delivers yet another good comedy performance as the leader of the hostage takers. Summary, as good a low-budget British movie as you will see this year.
SO, I am probably one of the first people in the whole world to see this movie. All I can tell you is its soooo great. I am not even sure what else to say. The writing is wonderful...funny, and has the rough, Indie feel to it. Is never boring. Gets and holds your attention for the entire flick. The Characters in the film are amazing. Very well written and the actors do a Fantastic Job. This movie is definitely not a PG-13 Flick. It has its raunchy moments...but is never over the top. (Well, OK..maybe a bit...at times..) I would call it a Clerks meets the Billiard Sales World. ;)
Tom the cat is golfing quite horrible, in my humble opinion, and when he finally does manage to miraculously actually get the ball in the hole Jerry the mouse is there to continually pop it out again. This of course infuriates the poor cat. So Tom captures him and uses him as a tee hoping to improve his game. Of course wacky madcap hijinx ensue. This was a fairly amusing short and it was great to see Tom getting some rather good hits in on Jerry, which it seems seldom happened. This great short cartoon can be found on disc one of the Spotlight collection DVD of "Tom & Jerry" My Grade: A-
I wanted so much to like this movie. The trailer was promising. The period in Swedish/Danish history is very interesting and should lend itself to great stories. But it just felt so low-budget. Kinda like the stuff you see on "Hallmark". The vigilante heroes where portrayed as "The gang that couldn't shoot straight", and the murderous king turned out to be good in the end. Imagine a a film about the intifada financed by Fox and you get the picture. Good photo. Good music. Terrible screenplay. Anachronistic feeling. You're almost looking for wrist watches and airplanes. Sad when the topic is important. It could have been great. Now it's not.
This could actually have been a good movie. Instead it was a bizarre movie. Whiteboys actually had a point; but it waited until the last 10 minutes to make it. In fact, the last 10 minutes would make a good music video. But by the time you get there, you don't much care any more. Because you're so tired of Flip being such a one-dimensional human being. It's probably funnier if you've already drunk a couple of 40s ... but then, who does? The rest of this comment has been added. Because IMDB insists on a minumum of 10 lines. But sometimes. A half dozen is more than enough. Like Whiteboyz.
The people who knock this movie have no sense of what makes a movie funny. Screwed was indeed funny, much more so than for example, Anchorman. Actually, everyone I know was laughing constantly throughout this terrific comedy! I'm not going to give anything big away, but after Norm McDonald and Dave Chappelle realize they have failed to kidnap Mrs. Crock's dog, Chappelle let's out one of the funniest one-liners that I have ever heard. We are talking non-stop laughs throughout this move. The plot is absurd, but this seriously added to the film's overall hilarity. If you miss this movie due to negative comments made by various users, you have truly done yourself an injustice.
This is probably the best treatment of Jane Eyre I've seen. A novel this rich does not adapt well to a two hour film, and this five hour production allows for a more than adequate treatment of the depth and scope of Bronte's work. The narration by Jane herself is a unique approach that I found very interesting and added to the depth of not only Jane herself but also to the other characters about whom she continually muses. Sorcha Cusack and Michael Jayston are excellently paired and are, in my opinion, the finest Jane and Rochester I've seen, both in terms of characterization and looks. Finally a Jane and Rochester who aren't too beautiful!
Debra Winger is seen in a Vital Role after a long time. She appeared little rusty and camera conscious and shown little signs of attention awareness. Except that, she did a fabulous job. It would have been nice if the movie is little lengthy that might have allowed the director to show the togetherness of the family by infusing some lighter moments. 2 hour movie format and having pressure of showing all the real life events, took little toll on movie and as a result movie appeared heavy. Except above drawbacks, Debra Winger has put up a very honest performance, which richly deserves all the kudos. Without doubt she is a great artist.
I first saw the trailer for this film at Fredddy vs. Jason back in '03 and me and my friend were in hysterics at how lame it looked. He recently bought me the film on DVD as a 'joke' birthday present but ironically now sits proudly on my DVD shelf as one of my favourite films. Although very slow moving it is beautifully shot and the soundtrack is fantastic. The characters are brilliant and the acting is flawless. It gets more complex in the second half and is quite difficult to understand the twists in the plot. It draws you in right from the very start and doesn't let you go until the end.
Although she grew up in what many would describe as a fairy-tale world, this movie shows that not all Hollywood productions are "happily ever after". I was glad to see that, unlike many biographies, Annette chose to tell the true story, both happy and sad. Her failed relationship with Paul Anka, her divorce from Jack, and her subsequent revealing of her MS, shows what a strong and wonderful person she is. A true stroke of genius by the writers, directors, producers, and Annie herself to use the real Annette throughout the movie and to use her real family during Gina's wedding. I hope her surgery in 1999 was successful and that she is doing well.
To me, it is really a mystery why this one isn't more widely known. I admin, I got it via P2P. But after watching it I went searching for a retailer. None of the native retailer I know sold this one. Amazon of course did. This 'movie' is really a absurd venture into the movements of some movie-maker, who, by some force in the world, misses numerous chances at world fame by just utter bad luck. For me, it left me chuckling for weeks. Really brilliant. I can't recall anything quite like this. A must-see for anyone interested in deeper backgrounds of making a documentary without any notion or adherence to facts.
About 45 minutes into this movie, you start to realize this is one of *those* movies. It's one of those movies that never really gets started, then you realize, it's not going to tell you the story you want. Then you realize, it's not going to tell you any story whatsoever. You care about the characters; you want them to succeed, you'd even be willing to see them fail but in the end you're left with questions about what it all means. What happens now? It's all very unsatisfying. Sort of like smelling the food but never getting to eat it. Why did they open a restaurant across from another, wildly successful Italian restaurant?
I've seen the movie and I absolutely loved it. The chemistry between Jason and Virginia was amazing. The friction between Lainie and Virginia was intense and interesting. The writing was very well done and the setting was unbelievably beautiful. I can honestly say that would've been an extremely hard choice to make,especially with Jason Momoa being my alternative. Don't get me wrong,I'm all for the sanctity of marriage, but to escape an unfulfilled life with a disrespectful, brat of a daughter and end up in paradise with the hottest Hawaiian on the island. That might make a woman stop and reconsider her options. I think this is one of lifetime's greatest movies yet.
This movie without an iota of doubt, will prove to any audience that existential, or existentialist theorems/beliefs are the most alluring and exact sciences of our time and the future to come. If anyone is at all skeptical about existentialism, or its credibility, Slam Dunk Ernest dissolves all negative perceptions prior to the viewer's critical opinions about the film. Slam Dunk Ernest cancels our preordained concepts of natural realism, and provides us with the necessary trajectory on which we can launch films respectively into the next millennium. Any less of an complementary outlook on this celluloid enigma would only be advantageous to those suffering from chronic bouts of depression or clinical dyslexia.
Jean Rollin's "La Morte Vivante"/"The Living Dead Girl" is an excellent erotic ultra-gory vampire tale and I like it very much.The film has some wonderful atmosphere and some striking images of eternal painful life.There is plenty of graphic gore to satisfy fans of extreme horror.Along with all of the gore there is a large amount of beautiful naked women running around.Rollin's trademark photography is naturally here but this film is much gorier than his other films that I've seen.Francoise Blanchard who plays bloodthirsty Catherine is incredibly beautiful.Overall,I enjoyed this film and you should too if you like zombie/vampire cinema.There is also an unofficial sequel to this one called "The Revenge of the Living Dead Girls"(1987).
Many people considers Silver Streak as the best Pryor-Wilder movie. I don't think so. Silver Streak is Gene Wilder's movie, Richard Pryor didn't get much of the show. In Stir Crazy both of them get equally of the show. Both of them were very funny, though (as I noticed) they were a little different from nowadays comedians, maybe that was even better. I think at that time comedy makers knew what they are doing, because all of the jokes worked, not like in most of the nowadays comedies. My favorite scene was where Gene Wilder's and Richard Pryor's characters where pretending that they are bad, you won't see such a funny stuff in nowadays movies.
"Crocodile Dundee In Los Angeles" is the third installment in Paul Hogan's franchise. In this movie, Mick Dundee is a family man, but still every inch the Aussie bushwhacker. He travels with his best gal Sue and their son to Los Angeles, and finds himself in the heart of one of America's strangest cultures. Yet he still manages to get by with his outback skills and "no-worries" amiability. This is an enjoyable movie. The spoof of Hollywood culture is everywhere and has laugh potential. There's even celebrity cameos (the one with Mike Tyson seems even more ironic now than ever!). So, if you're a fan of Crocodile Dundee, you'll love his adventures in Los Angeles!
I love this show!!! I love that it's a bit campy. Cast is great!!! I would love to see this show for more seasons. Eric Johnson as Flash is just perfect. Anna Van Hooft as Aura is very likable. She plays her part very well. John Ralston adds just enough "evil". It seems that every member is really getting into the characters that they play. I think it's way cool that they are spending so much time on developing the characters and adding new groups of people every week. The story is believable and has continuity. I'm not sure why we need 10 lines. GO FLASH!!!
This film has it all. The characters are entertaining, the story is entertaining, the music is great and everything in this movie seems to fall into place. This movie follows a rich family who are having a birthday party for Ray Crockett, a grumpy old man. During the party, frogs, snakes, insects, turtles and other creatures of the swamp decide to take revenge on the family for their extensive use of pesticides. Ray Milland, Sam Elliot, Joan Van Ark, Adam Roarke and Judy Pace are all realistic in their performances as the family, and overall, this is just a fun film that is worth watching over and over again. I liked everything about this movie!
I'll admit that when I first saw this movie when I was about nine years old, I loved it. I couldn't stop laughing. However, when I recently saw this movie, I was laughing for another reason. The movie was so bad and so cheesy it was actually funny. Every scene in this movie was cheesy especially the baseball game and the ending scene which spoofed Carrie. I couldn't believe that I used to like this movie. If you do like goofy movies from the 80s, then I recommend this one. Just don't pay more than a dollar to rent it. However, if you want a good movie with solid acting, then do not rent this.
This movie is so perfect! The story, acting, scenery and general attention to detail are wonderful. Kristin's character is complex, as are the others- there are no flat characters here, no "he's the good guy and he's the bad guy." The plot is also rich and is a refreshing contrast to so many of the predictable, clichéd flicks playing at the mall theaters. I have to give it a 10. It is flawless and fascinating. If I could, I would give it bonus points for having such unique subject matter, as well. After all, films about medieval Norway don't come out every day- especially not from the perspective of a young, strong, female character.
I must say, for a first time director/actor/writer...Mr. Cherot has many skills. He acts without pretension, the dialogue is snappy and realistic, and the plot revolves around the characters, instead of some contrived formula. My only question is with some of the acting, but damn...for a low budget, first time debut--- this movie impressed the hell out of me. This movie happens like real life, like a seinfeld episode...it's quirky and blunt. And I give mad props for the ending, which playfully satirized the movie and genre itself... and it confirms the courage and honesty I liked so much from the beginning... Enjoy this one without your ego, just watch it and be absorbed!
this is by far the best Romanian movie Mugur Mihaescu plays incredible the two characters : Garcea , a funny but stupid cop , and Leana , who's married with Costel (bou cu basca) and has two childs Axinte and Lila . Her hobbies are drinking , drinking , and least but not the last drinking. Radu petreanu plays also very good as Costel and the Russian colonel. The characters are very original and funny , like the retarded childs(axinte&lila) or the governor of sadova city etc This is a very spicy comedy , and I recommend it to everybody who wanna see a pretty good movie =)) .
This surprisingly intriguing horror film has people turning into bald,blue-skinned killers after dropping contaminated LSD ten years before."Blue Sunshine" is more fondly remembered for it's bald,thirty-something,ex-hippie murderers who are easily the most bizarre descendants of the living dead yet to reach the silver screen.This film is not easy to categorize:it's a horror film mixed with drug movie and also features paranoid urban legends and bizarre conspiracy theories.The title of this movie is taken from the name of a bad batch of 60s acid that seems to have some rather unfortunate long-term side effects.The film is badly lit and there are some dull spots,but "Blue Sunshine" is a must-see for experimental cinema enthusiasts.7 out of 10.
'Guess Who' is a good reflection of the changes in society since the Sydney Portier version was made many decades ago. Ashton Kutcher is an underrated comedic actor, who despite his good looks, can still be quite goofy and amusing. The movie raises good points about reverse racism, people's continuing prejudices and the pressures society puts on 'mixed-race' couples. I think the director and writers found a happy medium that allowed issues to be raised while at the same time keeping the movie light-hearted, funny and entertaining. If you are looking for something meaningful and entertaining at the same time, with a touch of romance and some eye candy, this is the movie for you!
When i saw the cover of this movie i thought it was going to be fun.. Ashton Kutcher,Nicole Sullivan and Bernie Mac..great actors! but my hopes were not met.. Guess who had lots of unoriginal scenes and bad humor.. It was Ashton Kutcher on the worst! it was like he didn't take the comedy job seriously, he was just silly (not in a good way). the movie puts sometimes a smile in your face,but you will never laugh..NEVER! Me and my friends were more interested by a fly,flying in front of the computer. This is a kind of movie you shouldn't buy or rent! i hope that i could help you choose..
Well, with no expectations at all, this movie is surprisingly lovable and touching. Bernie successfully portrays a typical father who overreacts to his daughter's personal life and creates disruptive situations between her and her other half. Ashton's acting is brilliant too, not too much, and acts out the embarrassing emotions well when he went into a black family. What made me sweating in my eyeballs (believe it or not!) is when such a traditional person realizes his fault and admits them to his wife and Ashton. Sure the interracial stuff has added more fun and contradictions to the plot. Meet the parents are good, but sure this movie gives you more. 8.5/10.
Excellent action movie. Joan Allen gives a tremendous performance. Jason Stratham is great. Good story, to the point, uncomplicated. Special effects do not get in the way of the story. Production design is consistent with sense of foreboding and danger that permeates the movie. Most characters are two-dimensional but for this kind of movie, it's okay. The movie is overtly violent, but not gratuitously so. The movie has an interesting and upbeat ending and serves as metaphor for the individual's vulnerability to manipulation. The production crew exercised creativity in casting Ms. Allen in a role that is unusual for her and she once again proves her more than ample theatrical talents. Kudos to Ms. Allen!
this is a very disgusting movie. i would refrain from watching it unless you are into mother and son sexual perversion relationships, molestation and bondage. i was bitterly disgusted. there are ways to film such scenes showing everything! the closeups of penises are uncalled for. the script is confusing.. the movie is a waste of time, unless of course you're into these perversions, in which case i would suggest surfing the net for the material. oh and on a technical note, the camera work is jerky and pans/zooms way too fast (like 70s cheap flicks). seems as though they only had one camera to work with.. ma mere, ma trash Kristine
The first time I heard of this movie was in College. I then purchased myself a copy. This movie is Amazing, Probably the truest, realest movie regarding Slavery. It told of the horrors and abuse African people who were brought to this country endured.. I believe this is a must see for everyone regardless of races..The strength alone of the people, to deal with what they faced and to still rise above that is absolutely Incredible. It is a shame that this movie got no recognition in the US . I guess it would cause people to deal with the reality of the horrific brutality human beings faced during this darkest era in American History.
this is just one of those pro-tend-be "art-house" junk Euro made in 70s,i do not know why blue-underground release this junk. A very boring movie, 80% of time are silly fake love-making scenes with out any meaning. poor plot, poor acting. silly slut and bastard(the main male roles)There are really no likable people in the movie. If you like this kind of movie, you should rent a real porn, just like last poster said give 1 vote just because no zero. I suggest no one should watch this piece of trash. the only good thing in this movie is the music. Just forget about this movie and try your best to avoid it.
Yes... I love this series. I bought it on the big DVD pack with the complete first season, because it isn't available in German television right now. Anyway, I love it because it's not only the concept which makes it thrilling, even without that real-time style it would be extremely exciting and suspenseful. Also, it stars one of my top ten favourite stars, Kiefer Sutherland, and a truckload of exceeding supporting actors. Elisha Cuthbert, Leslie Hope, Sarah Clarke, Xander Berkeley, Dennis Haysbert... I could go on forever, even the characters who die after two episodes are very convincing. Overall one of the things you can't stop watching after you've seen five minutes of it.
I found this to be a captivating and entertaining movie - great pains were taken to reproduce that 70's look and feel and it is totally convincing. While seemingly limited in their ambitions, the main characters are nevertheless sympathetic and there are some quirky sidekicks whose characters are fleshed out enough to be entertaining as well - everyone from the landlady, the boss, to the friend who drives. I also found myself seriously enjoying the director's X-rated version of an Ingmar Bergman film over the actual film it self. The woman doesn't have much ambition aside from being "womanly" but it is based on a true incident and hey it was the 70's in Spain.
Even my kids thought it was trash. This movie stinks. I rented it from Blockbuster as it was the only snowboarder movie (fiction) I could find. But my snowboarding son is watching and I can tell he is not impressed. The acting is bad (I mean Jim Varney is the Draw?) and the storyline weak. Stay away from this movie unless you like to smirk and groan and sleep. You could maybe get the snowboarding extreme sports videos otherwise. Don't waster your time with this movie. Stay Away! Stay Away! I need to have 10 lines of text. ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ. Is that enough? No - I need to add more. Blah! Blah? Blah. Blah!! Blah?? Blah....
The good news is that it was on broadcast TV - I didn't pay anything. The better news is that I was doing something at the same time so I didn't waste any time on it. I like Alyson Hannigan. And this movie shows she is game for anything. There is an attractive blonde in a bikini. That gives it two stars. I'm straining to dredge up a third star. OK, the cat diarrhoea scene gets a star for sheer bizarreness. My final comment is a complaint about the 10 line rule, because I have read other reviews of less than 10 lines and, believe me, I've said enough.
During the Depression, a young couple goes on the lam after the man is accused of a crime. This gritty drama is an early example of film noir, expertly directed by Lang, the great Expressionist filmmaker, although he sometimes goes overboard with the symbolism. Lang explored similar themes in Fury (with Sidney in a similar role to this), made a year earlier, but this one is better, not marred by the melodrama and overacting of the earlier film. Fonda and Sidney are excellent as the unfortunate couple, helped by a fine supporting cast. Memorable scenes include the escape from prison, tinged with irony, and the finale, as the couple makes a run for the border.
I did not watch the 2002 MTV Movie Awards, but when I downloaded this 3-minute spoof from Kazaa, I found myself strangely entertained at this little piece. Yes, I agree, at times it can seem a little tasteless and lame but the quality of the editing and the snippets cut from the original movie was so clever and smartly put together that I couldn't help but laugh. The performances by Jack Black and Sarah Michelle Gellar were also funny in contrast to the seriousness of the other actors. I recommend this to all LOTR fans, as well as anybody else. This is a must watch!! However, if you don't like offensive material, then think twice.
This movie has absolutely no direction. The film is obviously trying to connect with a nihilistic generation. It should be so lucky. At least nihilism has an ethos, albeit a simple one: nothing. The Doom Generation can't even live up to that. A muddled hodge podge of perverted sexuality and half-assed attempts at dark humor, this film is like a man in a darkened gas-station bathroom, randomly spraying pure waste until he hears the sound of a resonate splash. Maybe Suburbia is a good stab at explaining a lost generation. Tarantino has written four incredible films rich with gunplay and dark humor. Watch one of those. But The Doom Generation is quite simply an abomination.
I saw this at the 1998 Montreal Film Festival and found it a moving and challenging film on the complexities of personal and political response to a longstanding and divisive issue. Well acted and cinematographed, this film added a dimension that has been rarely touched upon in other depictions of the "troubles in Northern Ireland." It compliments "Every Mother's Son" and "In the Name of the Father" with a moving story of the long-lasting and indiscriminate effects of violence and an attempt to question its limits as a political strategy. This is not a simplistic film, and its power comes from the depth of its critique of all the players in this ongoing political struggle.
I was amused to read of bafflement at the long run of Gloomy Sunday in NZ, especially Christchurch. To begin with, it is based (very loosely) around a truish story... the song itself did cause a stir when reports of its association with suicides were circulated. It is atmospheric, the cafe evocative of life in the 1930s, a haunting melody, and a nice twist at the end. Yes... it continues to play in Christchurch and so ensures its own success.... I went just after seeing LOTR:FOTR, and found Gloomy Sunday to be a more introvertive and rewarding film..... it was just one of those days... just like going into see Fitzcarraldo with no expectations....
This is a neat pre-code film. William Powell gives his usual stand out performance. I've always had a problem, however, with leading lady, Ann Harding. She is one of my least favorite actresses. In this film, she is trying to hook up with Powell, but she looks more like his mother than lover/wife. She is, without a doubt, a good actress--but (like Miriam Hopkins)just not attractive enough. Henry Stephenson, as Harding's father was fine as was Lilian Bond, who played a gal friend of Powell. Ms. Bond was not a marriage type match as she was clearly not the settling down type @ all. Check this out if you like witty dialogue & sophisticated characters.
Bad, acting, irritating neurotic and annoying main character, no redeeming features. This plot has no originality or purpose. It would make absolutely no difference whether the scenes were in any order, it would make the same amount of sense, being none whatsoever. The film is a meaningless void that will hopefully soon be forgotten. I find it had to believe that any positive comment is placed by a legitimate user. The high rating for this movie shows a problem with studios creating accounts to inflate the rating of movies. Even the lead is embarrassed about this string of seemingly random scenes and wanted nothing to do with the finished product. I want my money back.
This is the best epic movie of all times until now.Great actors,beautiful music and very good work from the director.I have seen this movie almost 50 times and i never get bored to watch it.It takes away from this world.It takes you to other places that only in our fantasy we can see.This movie is not just a fantastic story about King Arthur,it also contains very good messages for those who can see them.The higher you go - the farther you'll fall!The only thing that i can not understand is why all of the actors(expect Helen Mirren)did not continue with great movies after that and they just move aside making movies(BAD movies),that no one knows.
I believe that Excalibur is the very best Arthurian film. It is a brilliant retelling of the Arthurian legend and it gets the story right--he is the once and future king, a messianic figure. Boorman beautifully captures the myth. Spoilers: Furthermore, a line that Sean Connery delivered in Zardoz dully and ineffectively is delivered by Helen Mirren to great effect in this film--you really believe that Morgana wants Merlin's knowledge so badly that she will sacrifice herself. And the ending works so well, you believe in Arthur. The ship heads toward Avalon, somewhere toward the setting sun, to the West. And I love the music, Wagner works so well in this film. A grand film.
An eco-friendly cash-in that recycles music and chunks of animation from the TV series in order to introduce She-Ra, He-Man's twin sister from another dimension and an attempt to target the silly girls in the audience. For us boys there's little to get us jumping up and down in our seats: the regular characters don't make an appearance until halfway through, the movie instead setting up a near-identical premise on the other side of the dimensional gateway. Eventually Skeletor turns up and starts causing havoc, armed with a few funny lines, and things pick up a bit, but on the whole this is ropey stuff. Hordak's slime pit toy was a corker though, wasn't it?
telling the truth about some people who are are forbidden from loving just because they love who they want to love and not who the society tells them to love. i think people should really watch this film and come to an understanding that NO one can tell some one else who what why and when to love - cause it's a free right - no one is entitled to take from another person. i was disappointed at the end, thought it would end differently felt like an enrage about what happened at the end, i think perhaps it could have had a different ending and still have the same impact.
This is horrible, even for a children's movie. The animation is much too cartoony for a story this dark, and the voice acting is so bad not even John Huston's Gandalf can save it. The Rankin/Bass Hobbit was a good children's movie, Ralph Bashki's animated Lord of the Rings was a hugely ambitious project that didn't quite work out, but this is just garbage. The songs are terrible, (unusual for a Rankin/Bass production) the plot makes no sense at all, and worst of all, the elves look as deformed and hideous as Gollum. There is absolutly no reason to see this, it's not a "so bad its good" movie like The Hobbit, it's just bad.
This film is a nothing more than series of rip off moments from other, better films. It's a mash of Predator, Aliens, Terminator 2, Species, amongst others. To be fair it doesn't try to hide it's 'influences', but when they are performed so badly it's hard to forgive. The actors all try to keep a straight face, especially Mark Dacascos. It's a shame the rest of the crew didn't seem to be bothered about making a good movie. Obviously the budget was low, so low the studio couldn't afford an original screenplay. Watch only for the unintentional comedy, such as the laughable helicopter crash and the blatant theft of an entire scene from Terminator 2!!
The only reason this got made was because the businessmen behind it (I refuse to call them film-makers)knew they could secure a DVD deal in the States. They are nothing more than Greek Uwe Bolls. It's the worst-directed, worst-scripted, worst-acted, worst-lit, worst-scored movie I've ever seen. It's hackneyed, nonsensical and features some of the most obnoxious characters ever. I would call it cinematic vomit but I feel uneasy to have the word cinematic associated with this turd, even under this context. Since the minimum length for comments is 10 lines of text, all I can add is this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks,this stinks.
the mouse.that's right,i said mouse.there's a mouse in the movie,and even though it has the briefest of cameos,it was the best actor in the(alleged)movie.for some reason,i watched this right to the bitter end. i don't think anyone involved in the movie knew there were cameras involved.you can't fake acting this bad.it's a real talent.nor can you fake making a movie this horrible.and this is the end result. it wasn't really a movie.more like a collection of scenes strung(loosely)together.i'm not sure how much this thing cost to make,but i feel confident in saying i have more than that underneath my cushions.brutal,but still nowhere near as bad as Dracula 3000.a very reluctant 1* for the mouse's performance.
Clichéd, tiresome psychological thriller/horror movie with a one-note central performance by Liv Corfixen, whose titular feline is accidentally possessed by a demon, when it happens to gate-crash an occult seance by the upstairs neighbours. Eventually it turns into a panther-like monster, attacking targets of its owner's jealous rage, like her two-timing boyfriend (a miscast Martin Brygmann) and her ditto roommate (Charlotte Munck). Only Pilmark as the cop on the case manages to rise above the material and emerge unscathed from this incoherent and unintentionally funny piece of dreck. After the risible teen-horrors "Sidste Time", "Mørkeleg" and now this, the time seems ripe for director/horror buff Martin Schmidt to try his hand out at other genres.
This is one of 5 Chaplin that are on the first DVD of Chaplin's Essanay Comedies. In general, compared to volume 2, the shorts on volume 1 aren't as well-made--because the DVDs are arranged chronologically. Chaplin's skill as a film maker and actor appeared to improve through his stay with Essanay Studios. This film has very little plot--just slapping and punching. It's like the first five minutes of Chaplin's later Essanay short A WOMAN--but instead of then transitioning to a plot, this film just stays stuck in slapstick mode. Too shallow to have any lasting value and I got very tired of the mean-spirited Chaplin hitting people. This shows little of Chaplin's later genius.
Don't be one of them. Don't be one of the stupid people. Don't rent or buy or watch this film. I suppose there are worse films, but very few spring to mind. The entire premise assumes you were born yesterday and remain ignorant of human behavior or common sense. I'd go on about the plot or the performances, but it's just one contrivance after another that leaves the viewer frustrated and angry at the characters (ALL of them) not to mention the director. By the end you don't care who lives or dies, as long as it ENDS. There are a lot of ways to spend your time. Don't waste it here!
This is the worst space/science documentary I have ever seen. There is no real science in it, mostly is just tries to amaze with doomsday scenarios where the earth is destroyed. (ohh the sun will blow up one day ... scary!) Also, there seems to be a lot of time spent on corny graphics, which isn't necessary nor visually pleasing. The section on black holes does not even describe the event horizon or singularity, very simply and key traits. Then there is the fact that it is called hyperspace, yet I don't think it mentions higher dimensional space anywhere in the documentary. My opinion, If you want a science documentary, look elsewhere.
I do not understand what happened with this movie. It had the potential to be alright, but it just sucked. Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Sutherland are good actors, but what they were doing in this movie was not acting. It was horrendously bad, especially on Sutherland's part. I think that deserved a Razzie Award for sure. The "monster" was atrocious, i have seen better special effects on TV movies. This one reminded me of a big batch of mean "Batteries Not Included" aliens. Dumb. Although I did enjoy Pacula's performance, she didn't have much to work with, but she did make the best of it. 3/10 - doesn't surprise me that this one flopped.
This movie was a load of crap, In the preview commercials. It had "From the producers of Alien and Terminator" comes Virus. I expected to see some serious scary sci fi thriller, but instead this movie was extremely predictable... on what will happen next and blah blah blah. There wasn't enough information about this "Virus" entity, just a bunch of electricity zapping around and scaring ship scavengers. This movie blatently tries to rip off Star Trek's Borg (Machines turning humans into robots) and trying to do a little Alien and Terminator like, but fails because of the depressing way the actors were talking. What a failure for the people who created this film, total failure.
I watched this movie yesterday with a friend, I have to confess that I would have never made it through the whole thing, if it wasn't for my friend. This film is sooo cliché and so predictable, I could even speak some dialogues in advance, its the same for the jokes,they are so lame...I couldn't connect to the characters and feel sad or touched....all together this movie just got on my nerves...even if it got a bit better in the end.. There really are some good German movies...but this one is definitely not one of them...so take your dog for a walk or your girlfriend out for dinner...everything is better than watching this movie
This movie was one of the most surprisingly entertaining movies I have ever seen. The dialogue was just not grossly disengaging, but the gawdy dance choreography couldn't help but make me laugh. This movie reminded me of West Side Story, except as if directed and choreographed by a blind, mentally challenged individual. The storyline, if you can call it that was so terrible. While watching the movie you know it is so mentally abusing to do so, but like a train wreck, can't help but keep your eyes fixated on its amazement. Definite must see, if you and your friends want to have a great laugh, or if you are just feeling self-destructive.
Heavy-handed but well-mounted, this early King Vidor film would have us believe that all that is needed to bring Christianity to cattle rustlers is to win their respect. Vidor mixes sentimentality and excitement a little ham-handedly, as when Colleen Moore regains the use of her legs so she can drag the unconscious John Bowers from the burning church. On the other hand, some of the scenes -- as when John Bowers stands off a herd of stampeding cattle so they won't trample the obvious dummy standing in for Colleen Moore stand up very well. David Butler, later to be a major director of musical comedies, has the second lead and Miss Moore never looked lovelier.
You're not lucky if you watch this film. Incredibly stupid comedy really stars Edward Tsang (in his stupid mode)and Anita Mui.It has something to do with an accident giving one of two brothers the ability to go into peoples dreams. Somehow Chow Yun Fat figures into the mess as a cop investigating a murder that he really committed and wants to keep covered up. Its awful, even by Hong Kong low grade humor standards with Tsang's mugging bringing everything down lower than it all ready is. Think sub low rent (homeless?) Lou Costello. Trust me you're better off not seeing Tsang dressed as a robot in the hopes of seeing girls naked. Avid this film
The is one of the most boring films I've EVER seen! Its got a good premise and would probably have been mildly entertaining in a shorter format (would have made an okay episode of Urban Gothic) but as it is its just one yawn-some killing after another. Max is one of the most unlikeable characters I've ever encountered (even for a serial killer obviously). The 'twist' is heavily signposted throughout and can be figured out by about fifteen minutes in. Max's speech implying that we the viewers are as bad as him because we have watched the killings didn't really seem relevant when we had been talking through most of them they were so dull.
This movie is disgusting, and yet, tries to be funny. I hated the kissing scenes, and Preity Zinta use to be my favourite actress but not now, after watching this movie!! This movie had no story and failed to get my interest! Yash Raj films are going down. Bunty aur bubily was rubbish and so was Salaam namaste. Neal n nikki was just as bad! The name of the films does not match the story VERY well. The music was quite goot. The music videos were sick. To me, this movie should be a flop! The worse movie i have ever seen! I wish i could give the movie NONE out of ten!
This is another boring low budget horror/monster movie. The video box art is quite cool (as usual) but the film itself is far too dull. The monster is a guy in a rubber suit, which usually would give you laughs due to the cheese factor, but sadly the monster isn't shown nearly enough to be entertaining. There's no gore nor suspense to be had either. The acting ranges from OK to terrible. Demon of Paradise reminds me of another horror flick in a similar vein called The Evil Below, which is equally as boring. All horror fans will want to avoid both of these films - all they're good for are the VHS covers.
Probably the most famous of Troma's back-breakingly self-conscious attempts to create a cult classic by deliberately making a bad film, 'The Toxic Avenger' is a porno-grade comedy horror in which a goofy pool attendant falls into a barrel of chemical waste and mutates into the scourge of the city's criminals. This is the kind of incompetent garbage that would be made bearable only by either good-natured silliness or barking mad humour; but since the tone here is rather nasty, and laughs are pretty much absent (funniest line: 'What the sh*t?'), we're left with zero comic timing, a cast of gurners, plenty of tiresome sound effects, public domain music and unbelievably amateurish editing. Pretty much worthless.
I liked the first movie. This sequel was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The first one actually occasionally made the viewer frightened and feel some suspense. This one was basically just watching the characters be frightened and people being gored to death. I never once felt scared. There is also an amazing lack of humor in it. Whomever wrote it should never write another movie ever again. The actors were sleepwalking through it. Same with the director. The producers should be gauged with a hook. None of these problems were the fault of Jennifer Love Hewitt's breasts though, which is why I rated the film a 2 and not a 1.
Many critics thought the film "200 Cigarettes" would be the "American Graffiti" of the 90's. Maybe these critics were smoking some cigarettes with some weed-induced nutrients because this film was all wrong. It is about a bunch of young people in the 80's and their adventures throughout a New Year's Eve. By one-quarter into the film, you probably had 200 reasons not to continue watching "200 Cigarettes." The screenplay was definitely up in smoke. And to waste the talents of talented actors- Christina Ricci, Paul Rudd, Ben Affleck, and Courtney Love was like a throwing away a good stogie to smoke. "200 cigarettes" is definitely a film for the no looking section. ** Needs Improvement
That and many other strange lines populate this rather boring film that has all the tension and excitement of paint drying. A rather bland young man turns down a country road and finds witches, killer grandmas, and walnut ranchers. He says "Zah!" to some people in a general store and there's an odd flashback featuring the hillbilly from "The Giant Spider Invasion." Then, the film seems to restart itself as the bland leading man turns down the same road from the beginning. In the end, Satan wins the day and we are left with the feeling that ninety minutes have gone by, and we'll never get them back. Even watching on MST, it's still rough
This left-wing comedy is so very boring that it doesn't even have the strength to properly annoy me. Its support for Communist rebels and its disdain for Reagan and everything that he stood for is just so idiotic and trite. Weaver is her usual uncharismatic self, and Chase has never been this unfunny. But there's hardly anybody who'd have been funny with this script. It amazes me that someone actually went through the last draft of the script and actually thought "yeah, this one will be good; let's spend some millions and make a helluva picture!". If you are interested in reading my phony biographies of Weaver and other Hollywood morons, contact me by e-mail.
Remember Paul Brickman? The director and writer of "Risky Business"? The director of "Men Don't Leave"? Remember? Well, here's one to forget. In spite of Friedkin as director, in spite of great special FX and in spite (or maybe because of) Chevy Chase as the star, "Deal of the Century" is more of a swindle. 1983 wasn't a very good year for movies, and here's more proof if you needed it. If this really was the "Deal of the Century", let's all try to hold out until the year 2983, shall we? Two stars. One for the effects and another for Sigourney Weaver. She did better in "Ghostbusters".
Taste the Blood of Dracula marks a first for H.G. Lewis. He actually made a film that doesn't revolve around his gross-out set pieces. However, this movie is slow and painfully boring. It's a celluloid glacier. In my life I have never experinced such a slow movie (and I've seen many films). I wouldn't recommend this film to my worst enemy. A word of advice to Mr. Lewis, "Don't stray away from a winning formula!" Not recommended. Not even for insomniacs because I'm afraid they'll never wake up. D for effort P.S. I'll give credit to Mr. Lewis. At least he tried to do something different. Others wouldn't even take that risk.
What's the point of this movie? I didn't get it! Maybe that Derrida eats toast too or that he is interested in sex life of Hegel and Heidegger? The movie is not biographical nor philosophical nor strictly documentary .. it is bad interview and lost opportunity. If there was an 'ordinary' man in front of the camera it could be a nice try of presenting that person on different way. I admit that presenting a philosopher on film is a difficult task, but if you have right questions you can get at least some aspects of his philosophy or some aspects of his life, but you can't get all of this. Not in 90 minutes.
Intriguing premise completely wasted somehow by Carpenter and crew. Sorry guys, I generally love Carpenter flicks, but this one is horrid garbage. Nearly every possible suspenseful sequence is butchered. Not much to say outside of the synopsis, but imagine Carpenter at his worst, and it only begins to describe the debacle that is "Prince of Darkness". I spent weeks searching my local video stores with a friend to find a copy, only to be more disappointed than I have by any of his other films. I love "The Thing", "They Live", ... heck, even have a soft spot for his Village of the Damned flick. But this.... Well, Thank god for Victor Wong tho. 4/10
absurdly overrated vehicle for Marin county anorexics, of interest only to older men charmed by, but largely excluded from, the pretentions of the privileged young. also, of course, to historians of the lesser directors of the old new wave. the mannered failure of the principal actress to - well - act is insupportable, and the annoyance is not decreased by a sense that the director doesnt particularly care, in fact might prefer it that way. the looseness of his direction is only pointed by the conspicuousness of passages in which actual actors rebel, and introduce verve. in short, a film for the voyeur.
Shirley's dad doesn't have the money to bet on a horse race so he puts up his daughter as collateral! Furthermore, nobody finds this particularly alarming. Shirley takes being abandoned by her father and living with seedy strangers pretty casually. It's supposed to be a charming comedy based on a Damon Runyan story, but the plot is not only boring but rather disturbing, and it's hardly worth a chuckle. Fortunately for both Menjou and Bickford, they would survive this and go on to make some fine films. Sadly, Dell, who plays the love interest of both Menjou and Bickford, died in an auto accident only a week after the film was released at age 19.
I've tried to watch this show several times, but for a show called "That '70s Show," I don't find much apart from a few haircuts and the occasional reference to disco that actually evokes the '70s -- the decade in which I grew up. Of the episodes I have seen, most of the plots and jokes could be set in any time period. Take away the novelty of (supposedly) being set in the '70s, and the show is neither interesting nor funny. If you're looking for a show that more successfully represents the experience of youth in America in the '70s, in my humble opinion you can do no better than "The Wonder Years."
I didn't notice the use of footage from Renny Harlin's movie, but I did notice the use of footage from "Narrow Margin", specifically the shootout at the cabin in the woods. The guy in the helicopter is wearing a beige suit and cowboy boots. I could swear that I have also seen another movie that used this footage as well. The movie is extremely low budget and shows it. The acting and directing are all fairly unremarkable which is strange considering the talented cast. Perhaps this just points up the importance of a good script. No matter how talented the actor or the director is the story and dialog are uninteresting, so is the movie.
Totally unconvincing fantasy/love story which tries to combine a theme of undying love with that of time travel and fails dismally. Steve Miner's film lacks depth in many areas. The premise was okay, but the plot was far too simple and badly needed more work. Characterisation was also poor, with each person behaving in ways that were completely unbelievable. Performances are weak, as is the comedy, in a movie which played a lot like a cross between "The Rocketeer" and "Somewhere in Time". With too many ridiculous situations and a hastily explained script, "Forever Young" remained too hokey to even make an effective love story. Monday, April 12, 1993 - Balwyn Cinema
John Landis combines with funny men Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd to bring us a rather silly film about two misfit secret service men who are assigned a very dangerous mission. In fact, unbeknown to them, they are decoys who have been thrown to the wolves. Our two leads do manage to create some funny moments, but they never really hit top gear in a movie which is consistently average. Both Aykroyd and Chase have been better, and both have had better material to work with I'm sure. Look out for a very funny cameo from one of the world's most loved entertainers. A definite highlight. Friday, April 30, 1993 - T.V.
Horrible CGI, horrible effects, and horrible acting. When I first saw the raptors, I was immediately reminded of Turok. When the raptors got shot, I was reminded of horribly crude video game violence and paintball combined, and then their wounds magically disappeared. When a guy got eaten, their bodies became puddles of blood and a few clothing fragments... no bones, no organs, no nothing. And they sounded like the lions in Zoo Tycoon. Another thing I hoped was that they would make the raptors smarter than this... when hunting, they stood there and watched the people as they fired at them. Dinosaur fans and raptor fans... go watch JP instead. A 4/10 movie.
Oh my God. What a pile of unexplained crap. This movie is one of those where I'm sure the creator knows the secrets and meanings behind everything...and he think he can get away with leaving the unexplained to people and that maintaining their interest...but he's wrong. Darkside Blues begins in a state of confusion and while you expect an answer, it ends in exactly the same point. It's like watching the middle of a movie. You get the meat...but you never know how it started or what ends up happening. Maybe the MANGA is better. I'd try that. Avoid this movie. It is a waste and just utterly useless.
If you haven't watched 'There's Something About Marry' then you might enjoy this lame movie .... Lame because every joke is lifted directly off 'Something About Marry'. Seems like nothing original is left in Indian film industry (or may be very little). Stay away from this piece of junk, watch 'There's Something About Marry' and you'll laugh throughout the movie. After watching the original you can watch 'DHP' just to compare how cheesy it is!! Its sad to see that good actors like OM Puri are working in such movies. As far as other actors are concerned they are ordinary actors not like Amir or Shahrukh who like to work in quality movies only.
there was nothing good about this movie nothing nothing if i could give it negative stars i would if i was missing some sort of underlying "purposely-awful-movie-for-the-sake-of-irony" vibe then i might understand more some scenes attempt introspective depth and just come off as being cheesy the humor is interspersed in a sporadic low-brow way the impression it gives me is that the author only respects artists who are good at realism before they paint abstract things the movie gives off an alienating attitude and shallow view of the subject filmed the characters are mediocre at best it's too bad cause ghost world wasn't that bad
Not a particularly good film. It proves that Michael Moore isn't nearly as good at telling a story than showing a story. Canadian Bacon will be remembered more as one of John Candy's last films than a brilliant satire. Although, it is interesting that the premise was totally recycled in the South Park movie. However South Park succeeded where Canadian Bacon failed, it made me laugh. There are too many unforgivable cliches. I found the way the black character constantly referenced the fact that he was black annoying. I don't recommend this film to anyone unless you are a die hard Michael Moore/John Candy fan. Moore redeemed himself with the follow-up documentary, The Big One.
We had Cindy on tape as kids but misplaced it when we moved. Has anyone had any success in locating Cindy?? If so please contact me at his_luv23@yahoo.com so that I may obtain a copy. I would love to show this movie to my children as well, To me it is more than a classic but a piece of African-American history. The cast, the set, the music, it was all so invigorating and exciting. I would love to experience this movie again. Hope someone finds Cindy. It is truly a classic. Please if you have any information about how I can get a hold of this movie, I would surely appreciate it.
In a nut shell, Latino and black gangsters hole-up in a warehouse while homeless Zombies rage outside. Too many gangster clichés, not enough Zombie action. Long, loud and repetitive periods of testosterone posturing coulda been spiced up by a few unique characters. I won't spoil it, but there was one potentially cool twist that came too late and fell flat when it was finally revealed. This movie could have said something about Los Angeles, said something about about racism, or at least delivered some scares. It missed on all 3 counts. It's too bad, because a few of the performers brought more to their characters than the script gave them to work with.
A very different movie than any other...the closest thing you can compare it to is Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction" but only because of it's multi-linear story. The cinematography rocked. The acting was superb. The sound went unnoticed, so good work guys! But... Usually in a movie like this, the multi-linear loose ends will cleverly tie together in the end showing why these particular characters were being followed. But it never did this. Bill Paxton and Orlando Blooms timelines ran almost totally autonomous from one another; crossing paths but never changing the outcome of the other. It was merely a gimmick. The first rule of film making...everything has to have a GOOD reason.
That's a reverse scale to mean that it is so awful that it is actually fantastic. So my score of 1 means it is super entertaining. Get this: Tony Curtis's girlfriend finds a little lump on her back that ends up being a psychotic Oompa Loompa American Indian Shaman. Totally inept and unintentionally funny Exorcist rip-off, but sooooooooo dang funny. The Vista in Hollywood is actually showing this thing as part of a "So Bad It's Good" film festival on March 30th at midnight and apparently Stella Stevens is going to show up to say hello and impart some anecdotes. I think I will be checking that out...on the big screen where it belongs, baby....
"That Man Bolt" is a film situated in that part of videoclubs, far away from new or famous films, and really really far away from classics. I take the box, read the synopsis and look for the cast, no one is known. So, one day I feel very unconscious and rent the film and what is that? A very, very boring film with some pseudo-martial-arts that extende its relaxant effects during two hours. The idea of this film is very, very similar to "Rush Hour 2" (Hong Kong, false money, Las Vegas...) but Jefferson "Hammer" Bolt has nothing to do compared with Jackie Chan martial art style or Chris Tucker sense of humour. Perfectly forgetable.
Other than the Gower's occasional dances in this film, this movie just falls flat. True, there are some great songs, but Red Skelton is purely annoying, Zsa Zsa Gabor is wasted in a thankless role, and Ann Miller has all the personality of a sponge. I just watched it for the first time today. Now I understand why so many younger people think the old movie musicals are hokey. Occasionally they work - but not in this case...steer clear...the plot and acting are generally sub-par! Compared to the films of Rita Hayworth, Marilyn Monroe and Jane Russell, and even Judy Garland, this film seems amateurish. Watch "In The Good Old Summertime" or "Carmen Jones" instead.
WOW! This was a waste of film i mean i look at the previews an d thought this movie was going 2 great! Boy was i wrong , the only thing good this movie did was pay attention to details, every tiny , obscure detail until u just loss focus. It had a hardly any character development and had plot at all , just a lot of random scenes put together to make an 87 minute film . my Advice if is for anyone suffering from insomnia , THIS MOVIE WILL PUT YOU 2 SLEEP! Also The acting was a little off but with a plot like this easy to fall out of character
Why do they make crap like this? And why do credible actors like Dennis Quaid lower themselves to appear in such garbage? Someone needs to inform the cocaine befuddled writers in Hollywood that grizzly, disgusting blood and gore do not make suspense. The only suspenseful thing about this movie was wondering how much longer it could go on, how much more hideous torture we would be subjected to, and when the totally predictable ending would finally arrive. Suspense movies these days seem to get progressively worse. This film had no one to identify with and no one to care about. My first reaction was to shut it off half way through. I wish I had.
Despite the excellent acting performances, this movie merely narrates its events step by step, peppered with flashbacks of Danny and Mariane's happy moments. There is no character development or exploration, no substantial background on the setting, and little depth in the story. On a minor point, Angelina Jolie's hair is pulled up whether she is awake or asleep, in or out of bed, all the time. What actual person has her hair up literally 24/7? Overall, the film is boring. If you want to watch Angelina Jolie for her skillful acting, you may want to see this movie. The other actors do a great job as well. Otherwise, it is not worth the time.
First season seemed reasonable. It had some 'unrealistic' edge, but generally it was a reach setting with possibilities. It had consistent developing global plot. Second season introduced big amount of mindless action. Some episodes became of little relevance and/or with multiple silly moments. Commonwealth development became something inessential, some episodes involving Commonwealth activities were a joke. Last episode added substantial chaos to global plot (as it turns out, it was already too late to damage the series). First episodes of third season made no sense at all, like if story was being invented during filming by passing-by random people, having no idea about global and even episode-local plot. I couldn't continue after that.
This movie should never have been made. I love the shows, the cartoon movies, lots of "Scooby" stuff, but this just sucks. They made Fred and Daphne self absorbed idiots, Scrappy a total pain in the butt and Velma a Mega-geek. The only things they did right were (beside the fact that it's under 90 minutes long) Scooby and Shaggy, knowing that they could make a fortune off of screwing up the other four and not Scoob and Shag (knowing whoever wrote the script, that would have made the movie better[note the sarcasm]). I would give this stinker a no-star rating, but I had to give it at least one. * out of *****.
David, the new kid in school, prefers not to join the club that the only new friend he made ,Mark, runs in. Craig, the leader of said gang doesn't like that David isn't falling in line and when he saves some "bull dykes" from getting raped by the gang, he pays for his insolence. Now after a stint in the hospital, he plots revenge. Horrid acting hamper this 'message' horror movie. Homoerotic sub-text, lame killings, and bad dialog don't help either. And don't get me started on that theme song. Go rent "Class of 1984" instead. My Grade: D Eye Candy: Kimberly Beck & Cheyrl Smith show all; Lani O'Grady shows breasts
Why do they make crap like this? And why do credible actors like Dennis Quaid lower themselves to appear in such garbage? Someone needs to inform the cocaine befuddled writers in Hollywood that grizzly, disgusting blood and gore do not make suspense. The only suspenseful thing about this movie was wondering how much longer it could go on, how much more hideous torture we would be subjected to, and when the totally predictable ending would finally arrive. Suspense movies these days seem to get progressively worse. This film had no one to identify with and no one to care about. My first reaction was to shut it off half way through. I wish I had.
This film is about a bunch of teenagers' encounter with sex in their school and outside school. "Extreme Movie" is delivered in several segments, each unrelated to another. Hence, there is no coherent storyline, but just episodes of events that filmmakers think are fun to film. The film is adequate to slightly entertain, but do not expect anything very funny. The jokes do not really work either. It is quite a disappointment considering the number of big name actors in this film. Putting things into perspective, "Extreme Movie" is way better than the recent spoofs such as "Disaster Movie". At least I did not feel bored or waiting for "Extreme Movie" to end.
Chevy Chase moves to the country to become a farmer. Chase plays 'Andy Farmer', a newspaper columnist who starts a new life in the sticks with his wife (Madolyn Smith). He meets with all kinds of zany experiences.... too bad none of them are remotely funny. Chevy is great at dry humor and modestly scores with a one-liner now and then, but the film just doesn't make it as one of those good comedies that you'd like to watch every so often with a big bowl of popcorn. OK scenes include Madolyn's visit to an antique shop and Chevy tossing his hot coffee on a bird outside his window.... *snicker*.... that was funny!
This one has quite an interesting cast -- Giancarlo Giannini of Lina Wertmueller fame plus loads of seventies dolls -- and nice decors, but it doesn't help. The script is bland, predictable and wouldn't have been accepted for any substandard TV show; the pacing is lame, and even the killings are boring -- a capital sin in a so-called "giallo", and another proof that director Paolo Cavara wasn't quite on a par with, let's say, Sergio "Torso" Martino. However, the opening scene is cool, clever and supersexy, including Ennio Morricone's perhaps most lascivious score: three minutes of style and foot fetishism that are unsurpassed in "giallo" history. After that, get ready for a huge disappointment.
what a waste movie, where is the acting??? where are the scenes??? i don't blame Indian audiences, they have lost the taste long time ago. how can this silly movie be a big blockbuster. other than Lata mangeshkar's voice nothing is good in it. a boring story line that only starts from the second hour. how can this movie be hit??? and a great classic like Lamhe flop ?? plus Madhuri Dixit didn't deserve that years award. I think Sridevi deserved the award for her powerful performance in Laadla. really there is no match. i really advice u to avoid this movie. One star only goes for Lata's voice nothing else
Awful movie. Simply, is not related with the Hellraiser saga. The movie takes elements from the "Hellraiser culture" but is really another kind of movie, about a man that takes revenge against his dead son friends. The real "Hellraiser" parts are in the beginning and the end of the plot. The rest is another movie. BTW : about the plot description : "Pinhead returns to terrorize computer hackers that have opened a virtual Lament Configuration on the website Hellworld.com." (Description taken from IMDb) 1)Pinhead does not return to terrorize anyone. (in fact, Pinhead appears only in the imagination of the characters) 2)There's no computer hackers involved 3)There's no such "virtual Lament Configuration"
without doubt Leslie Neilsens worst movie ever. there were only two of us in the movie theater, which should have deterred us from staying. Its the only movie I have ever wished to get up and leave. The The film was boring, the slapstick is awful, the story line weak, and Leslie Nielsen is most unfunny. There are one or two vulgar pieces, featuring human excrement. A big disappointment. it was shown in Spain as "Esquia como puedas", which followed the format of previous very funny movies from Airport forwards. Nielsen plays a secondary role, and his character is definitely second rate. I shall think twice about going to another Nielsen movie without reading reviews.
had it not been for the commentary! If Emily wasn't giving away upcoming events in the film, she was talking over dialog and killing the mood of the scene. My son and I found it very annoying. I checked Tivo to see if there were any other showings of this movie, in case they showed it without the commentary. Hopefully the DVD will give viewers a choice between watching with commentary and without. The plot was interesting. The parts were played well and the kids did a good job bringing the characters to life. Good balance of drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense. All in all, remove the commentary, and this is a very good Halloween movie!
What we call in Spanish NACA! AKA stupid vulgar and cheap. NACA! the acting is stupid. the plot is pointless. the cinematography was almost vomit inducing. the title is cheesy and unoriginal. the editing was disastrous, the lighting was completely reprehensible. the pace was slow. the set looked like the tower of terror at Walt Disney world. (disny's tower of terror was more frightening than this). The opening credits were that of a cheap porn film after-party. Bottomline is that for someone who is studying film (and even those who are not) This movie is a complete waste of time and money. one out of ten stars. I would truly give zero if I could.
JURY DUTY is exactly what you would expect from Pauly Shore: obnoxious, silly and ridiculous. Here, Shore plays a jobless boy who decides he can get himself a free hotel room by posing as a juror for a murder trial. Usually, I give movies what they deserve, but since Shore never made a good movie, I have to give him credit. I mean, here is another guy whose movies were successful at the box office, but had little or nothing to show for it. If you are a fan of Pauly, I doubt you will be disappointed. Others beware, for JURY DUTY will be a real trial to sit through. 1 out of 5
Very wrong description on the first page for this movie here on IMDb. In Genre, Tagline and Plot no one mention Gay Interest, Anal Sex, Gay Teenager and so.. and this movie is all about that, nothing else. Please be fair and put this staff in main description! Someone of you honestly said "Artless".. progress! Attack me for not being a lover of watching "Anal Sex With Teenage Boys" but this is nothing more that "Pedofilia legalization activists movie"!!! I don't see Comedy, Drama in here at all.. My suggestions for plot keywords are: "For Pedofiles" "Teenage Boys and anal sex" "More tips on mastrubating" "Artless" and so on..
As a non-American Indian living and working in the Navajo Nation, I thought it would be interesting to see a film supposedly relevant to the people I was working with. Boy was I disappointed. The Navajo Nation Police as they are portrayed in this film make me cringe, not to mention the Navajo culture and people. This movie is sadly one large stereotype, and as most stereotypes is greatly off the mark. This film is a blemish on the career of a wonderful actress (Irene Bedard) {Irene- Why did you participate in this?}. If I recall correctly, this film was not even shot on the rez- it was shot in Utah or Nevada or something.
I find this movie a little interesting but very cheesy and boring if you watch it a few times. Also, I like the comedy in the dialog of this movie. If the Heisei series were able to create a movie with 4 monsters instead of two, I would elect Supermechgodzilla and Biollante versus Spacegodzilla and Destroyah. All those monsters can really put up a great fight against Godzilla. It will mainly be Supermechagodzilla versus Spacegodzilla and Biollante versus Destroyah. Godzilla will have to make a miracle to destroy them all. Spacegodzilla's crystal surroundings will make a good ring. It will be action packed with not a lot of human dialog as it would usually have.
If you're a big fan of neo-satanism, are a satanist, or are fond of muddled thinking in general this is the movie for you. Filled with references glorifying evil, and an annoying soundtrack it's sure to rub hundreds the wrong way. Please don't not voluntarily view this movie. If you have time to kill find another way of burning a few hundred minutes. You might have more fun watching paint dry, or you might delight in watching the grass grow. Hey there's always stargazing, or helping the elderly cross the street. If you like killing this you should seek the same kind of attention as you should if you enjoyed watching this horrifically poor movie.
You're not lucky if you watch this film. Incredibly stupid comedy really stars Edward Tsang (in his stupid mode)and Anita Mui.It has something to do with an accident giving one of two brothers the ability to go into peoples dreams. Somehow Chow Yun Fat figures into the mess as a cop investigating a murder that he really committed and wants to keep covered up. Its awful, even by Hong Kong low grade humor standards with Tsang's mugging bringing everything down lower than it all ready is. Think sub low rent (homeless?) Lou Costello. Trust me you're better off not seeing Tsang dressed as a robot in the hopes of seeing girls naked. Avid this film
'Cry For Bobo' is almost wilfully incomprehensible. Its best gags are ripped off wholesale from The Simpsons' 'Krusty Gets Busted' episode, the remaining gags are insultingly bad, and the casting is ill-judged (note to filmmakers: when the sidekick's funnier than the lead your film's in trouble). The production values are very high for a short film- the costumes, sets & cinematography are all superb- but this really begs the question: why do funding commissions insist on throwing huge amounts of money at mind-numbing garbage like this? If you happen to catch 'Cry For Bobo' at a film festival, make better use of the 8 minute running time by going for a toilet break.
I'm sorry but this movie is awful. Very surface, poorly made, badly acted- a major disappointment. Shane West is passable, but almost everyone else in the film is bad. And the script- they have taken the seedy, turbulent life of Darby Crash and turned it into an after school special. Actually, after school specials were more interesting than this. I am shocked that Pat Smear and the other surviving members of The Germs would have anything to do with this film. It makes them all seem one dimensional and uninteresting. Stick with Penelope Spheeris' great documentary THE DECLINE OF WESTERN CIVILIZATION- it will have to do until a better Germs biopic comes along.
Man, I'll tell ya, how did they get the money to make this film? What a complete waste of a great original storyline. All the "god' talk ruined this film. That and the b-rated TV series format filming. The 1st Starship Troopers was great! Unique, artful, and energetic. It kept a great pace and moved from one interesting action point to another. It was really cool to see Rico and the gang go from a high school punks to gung-ho soldiers. It had big-name actors and big-screen cinematics... And ST3? jeeez...nothing but a bible-thumping rant. It's a shame, cause the Maruader suits are pretty darn cool and are in line with the original book.
This is a truly terrible low-budget movie, although according to director Roger Corman, the even lower budget remake was even more terrible! There are basically three reasons for watching this awful flick. First, at only an hour and 10 minutes, it's relatively painless. Second, you get to watch familiar actors Peter Graves and Lee Van Cleef. The former tries to actually make the movie work while the latter suffers through a thoroughly embarrassing role. Finally, you get to see one of the most amusing monsters in film history, a giant rubber killer turnip. At least it didn't look like Crash Corrigan in a monkey suit, so you have to give Corman credit for being unique!
I had been looking forward to seeing this film for about a month after I saw an interview with Ben Kingsley talking about it. I was very disappointed. I found it slow, pretentious and really flat. I thought the two main characters were vain, shallow and unlikeable. Penelope Cruz's performance was far better than Ben Kingsley's but was nowhere near her usual standards, such as Volver. She has much greater ability than was displayed here. The background music was laboured and intrusive. All in all I found it horridly contrived and I had to keep looking at my watch to see how much longer I had to suffer it before it ended.
A movie this dumb should never see the light of day. The acting is lame, the violence is just all over the place, the sneaking ending is just plain stupid. It's all about a lawyer who saw a murder done by the R.I.C.C.O. squad. No one has never seen him, not even the hit men themselves. So he and a beautiful lady are on the run trying to find the leader of this R.I.C.C.O. squad, before they find them. Then the movie goes on to a romance, gun shooting, and voodoo. Now how in the hell did voodoo come in this. Never see this film if your life depends on it. Trust Me!!!!!!!!
Yuva is a sheer waste of time. Apart from Abhishek's performance, there is nothing to watch. There are too many characters in the movie and which makes it very irritating to watch, especially Kareena. The movie has absolute zero entertainment value and it is filled with unnecessary violence. The movie doesn't even seem motivating in any sense to the youth. The characters look so unreal that many times it made me think that how can someone take this movie seriously. You got to be insane to appreciate this movie as good one. I am rating it as 1 just because I couldn't find any negative ratings in the drop down menu. Otherwise it deserves -5.
What woman would ever have trouble choosing between Sean Connery, even an old one (James Bond!), and Richard Gere (American Gigolo)? Guinevere's "dilemma" becomes ridiculous! Besides, the point of the Arthur tragedy is that Guinevere and Lancelot DO betray Arthur. Here, they just think about it and kiss once. (An abstinence-only Camelot legend?) On top of that, the movie is hideous. The costume designer should never be allowed to work again. Everybody wears some combination of blue and yellowish brown. Why would Arthur and his wife and his knights all wear the same colors? Why such ugly colors anyway? I agree with most reviewers that this movie is a terrible waste of some decent actors.
It's a shame that A&E chose the Memorial Day weekend to cart out this trash. Memorial Day is a time to honor our fallen heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Instead, A&E decided to air this poor remake of a really good movie. In this version the military is portrayed as nothing more than incompetent, murderous buffoons who are constantly outwitted by a drug-addled journalist. So the message is this -- military BAD, media GOOD. The men and women who wear the uniform and are serving so admirably deserve better than this. I won't go into any more points that make this movie so bad. Just read the other viewers comments...the list is long.
Quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen. It was painful. Anything that makes a good film was absent - I thought at one point that it was a big joke. And the most ludicrous thing was, there were some big names here! Julia Stiles (though I loathe her), Freddie Prinze Jr, Henry Winkler, Selma Blair - even Ashton Kutcher, unrecognisable until halfway through (too long to be watching, I might add!!) in a bizarre role as "Jim Morrison of The Doors" for no good reason. It was try-hard, wannabe and unsuccessful in all aspects - even the main characters appeared to be wincing and cringing at times. Don't waste your time.
Please please do not put your self through this two hours of rubbish!! Do not get drawn in by the promises of sex, drugs and violence. Really really really really bad movie and cleft lip man (Tom Burke) is a terrible actor. This sums this movie up perfectly "Before I saw Donkey Punch, I was somewhat tolerant of British film. Now I feel inexplicable anger that such raging self indulgent sh*t can still make it onto the cinema screen. The world will shun this movie. There will be mass concessions of people collecting around twenty foot holes dug in the Sahara desert, just so they can symbolically bury the DVD release. "
The irony of this film the is that the reaction of the producer in the first few scene, should have been the same as the real producer. What a load of self-indulgent drivel this was. I'm not going to go in detail as there isn't really much to comment on, no real jokes, poor acting, no direction, no story. The scene with the salad summed the whole thing up. Lets throw in a pie-in-the-face scene that'll get a laugh. I saw this film on a flight from Salt Lake to Boston and I don't recall seeing anyone even smile let alone laugh. Rightly flopped at the box office. 0/10
This picture is most famous for its grand monster creation: a lobster-like, humanoid female prehistoric beast that's a reincarnation of the leading lady (Marla English). It was designed by Paul Blaisdell, a mega-talent creator of many of American-International's monsters. However, this is one of the dullest features ever seen, with good B-cast just talking, talking, talking, and featuring deadening monster attacks that never attain excitement or suspense. Even English, whose body English is great, resembling either Elizabeth Taylor or Vivien Leigh, can't rescue it. The beach photography is OK and the music about par, but there's just not enough to get thrilled about in the lackluster Bridey-Murphy inspired script (the reincarnation craze in the mid-1950s).
I had high hopes for this. The trailer shows us what appears to be a very good movie. Tense and exciting. Upon sticking this in my DVD drive I found that the trailer in fact appeared to show a very different movie. Whilst I found the idea of this movie interesting I found it very very very hard to watch all of it. I liked the idea of trying to show this genre in a more realistic light and I expected more from the Documentary segment but alas no. Poorly scripted, poorly acted, poorly filmed. The special effects are good. But I feel most of the budget was wasted on them. Disappointing.
you guys wanna know why The Rock aka Dwayne Johnson's movies are so much more successful? cause he does his signature move, The Rock Bottom, in every one. I waited the whole movie for someone to get mf'in stunned. This movie sucked. let's repeat this: you guys wanna know why The Rock aka Dwayne Johnson's movies are so much more successful? cause he does his signature move, The Rock Bottom, in every one. I waited the whole movie for someone to get mf'in stunned. This movie sucked. just kidding. i liked it. i just wished someone got hit with the Stone cold Stunner....and that he wore his knee brace.
A very rich toothpaste heir playboy (Baldwin) lets raging testosterone make all of his major decisions, which results in tiresomely predictable but never really fatal results. The object of most of his affection is a Las Vegas cabaret singer who is the girlfriend of Bugsy Siegel (Armand Assante in a too-brief appearance). Kim Bassinger does a lot of singing and even more shimmying, but that's about all she contributes to a script which consists mostly of a tiresome series of not very funny one-liners. Don't be misled by the Neil Simon credit. Simon has done far better plays, and should have known enough to burn the script of this disaster before letting anyone film it.
Not even the title "Versus 2", under which it did play at the Fantasy Filmfest in Stuttgart/Germany, could fool anybody, that this is more than a piece of crap. Only thing this has in common with Versus, is the main actor here. Other than that, don't look for a decent script (for a b-movie that is, not an actual movie, of course) nor decent acting nor decent humour nor decent anything. It's just plain stupid. And it's a shame, because it does start promising enough and there is a funny moment here and there ... but not nearly enough to grant this movie more than two stars ... it's still a waste of time!
Really Bad. If you read the books, do yourself a favor and don't put yourself through the agony of sitting through this travesty. The story line (which skips about 70% of the original story line) wanders miles from the novel. Except for Rachel Weisz's great voice over work for the dragon (which is the best acting this film has) the acting from the rest of the actors is just above high school play level. What were Jeremy and John thinking in taking these roles? The special effects are decent but that's it and the sets are cheesy Save your cash and wait for the third novel. Let's hope they will not be a sequel.
Michael Pitt can't act PLEASE make him stop trying! He is absolutely horrible - if his last name weren't Pitt he would have been blessedly out of a job years ago. And what's up with his bizarre diction in this film? What kind of accent is he trying to imitate? He doesn't even look natural simply sitting and for the love of God someone get the boy some lip balm! The book was fabulous - the film is a waste of celluloid and only encourages Pitt to continue seeking work as an actor as opposed to something useful, like a job as a waiter... which I probably wouldn't believe him capable of either!
With David Jason as the lead and also one of the producers, I expected a lot more than I got when watching this. The first half was pretty good and promised an intriguing finale, but the second part descended into a confused and unconvincing mess where the crew weren't the only ones to wonder what was going on. I got the feeling that some rather heavy-handed editing had occurred, both with the plot and the final production. There were glaring anomalies in the story line and the original theory of how the sub had reappeared after being missing for forty-odd years was completely ignored at the end (apart from a brief display of mysterious lightning).
I read the book "The Sum of All Fears" with fascination--Palestenians discover an Isreali nuclear device lost when the aircraft is shot down in the six day war, sell it to Al Queda, and the arab terrorists proceed to blow up Denver with said nuke. I was very much looking forward to this movie, only to find that for fear of offending Al Queda, the director and screenwriters had substituted some ridiculous plot about German Nazi's and turned the whole thing into a melodramatic hash. This could have been a GREAT, prophetic, movie. instead it became a silly waste of money and talent. I know Tom Clancy hated the movie, so did I.
I am perplexed, baffled and confounded by the GLOWING user comments for this movie. It completely falls flat. It is at times even awkward to watch. The chemistry between the lead actors is non existent. Martin Short phones his performance in. I also believe he was confused about who his character was even supposed to be. He went from cad to caring and back again SO many times I couldn't keep track. I think "David" acted like a jerk and didn't understand why "Kathy" would want anything to do with him. There is NOTHING funny about this movie. "Innerspace" made the same year is a much better choice for a Short flick.
Has a big fan of the series I was very disappointed in the movie. It was as if it was completely something else. Not much from what made the series a hit was use in the movie, except the hip. The music, the jokes, the stories where all simplified to accommodate the newbies, so it lost all it's charm and originality. Even if I didn't new the series before seeing the movie, I wouldn't of give more then 4 out of 10 for this piece of ... Everything is very predictable, nothing is really funny or new, nothing to push me to the limits. I wish I've never seen it!
This movie includes at least two exceptional actors in Ben Kingsley and Campbell Scott but together they cannot pull this period horror story beyond the doldrums of an unsurprising 18th century slash/horror flick. It's lame, slow, unsurprising and bland. It takes place in unjolly olde London of course, with Kingsley playing the nefarious Sweeney Todd and Campbell Scott, (son of George C. Scott) hot on his trail. Mr Todd is the famous barber that chops up people into hamburger after slitting their throats and selling said hamburg to a local meat pie shoppe.Some of the sets and street scenes seem solid and true to the period but the whole mess is overall (forgive me) ham-handed.
Just think what Carpenter's HALLOWEEN hath wrought in the years since its release. MADMAN is just such a movie. Shot in New York in 1982, it tells about a bunch of summer campers and their counselors being mowed down by a killer farmer who starts by hacking up his family. I'm not sure, but I think a couple of the counselors were played by porn actors/actresses, especially one horse-faced blonde with a decided lisp or hearing problem. Some of the killings are appropriately nasty but the film ultimately is an unbelievable bore. It's mostly these summer people yakking on and on, until they each get theirs. And the farmer is no Jason, believe you me.
I watched this movie as part of the Philadelphia Film Festival a few years back...it was ALMOST unwatchable. I think the only reason people sat through the entire movie was because there was a Q&A session after the film with Dame Dash and Kevin Hart. I don't think anyone even asked about this film...people mentioned the Woodsmen more than this mock-umentary...The only time it was mentioned was because the events in the film actually happened after filming them.... I'm surprised that with this amount of star power in the film, they couldn't make something more of it. It almost looks like a student film that the entire cast improvised. or at least...attempted to improvise.
When i rented this movie, I thought I was in for a classic and memorable horror experience. I mean, everybody's heard of this movie, right, so it would have to be sort of good. WRONG! This movie was so bad it wasn't even laughably bad. When it was supposed to be scary, it wasn't. When it was supposed to be funny, it wasn't. The whole movie is pretty much just a site gag ("Ha Ha! Look at the midget run!") with some sort of poor excuse for a plot. Oompa Loopas are funnier and scarier. Also, it has one of those feel good endings that really makes me hate 90s horror. This movie failed miserably.
I went to "Best Buy" one day browsing through the horror section and I happened to glance at the movie "The Dead Next Door" and i had before read reviews on numerous websites that stated it is a fun and enjoyable cheesy horror b-movie...BIG MISTAKE buying this movie...The Budget not only made the movie cheesy and sh$#ty but the acting was Horrendous!!! I almost could have believed that a few young kids made this movie with ketchup and other home appliances...Basically, the plot was lacking and the acting stank-ed. I would never recommend anyone to go out and buy/watch this movie on account that you will feel used and bored half of the time.
One star is the lowest I can give this film, but it deserves a second star simply because it got made and turned out to be a whole movie. Unlike many C-movies, this movie actually used extras and has some scenes set in public streets. It doesn't all take place in somebody's basement or in the woods behind the director's house. There are also some OK special effects, including several beheadings. On the other hand, it's a terrible movie. If you want to watch a Bookwalter movie and stay awake, give Polymorph a chance. It's a much cheaper movie, but the story is actually sort of interesting. Avoid The Dead Next Door.
Pants Pants Pants Rubbish Rubbish poor poor very boring and a complete waste of money. Pants Pants Pants cliched terrible script and dialogue which was from the start impossible to deliver and wooden the performances didn't help. Wanted my money back, tried to get it back and was given it back when I said the quality of the tape was so poor it looked like a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy recorded off a machine with dirty heads that were fifteen years old. A complete waste of video tape that could of been better used recording a shopping channels content. Avoid like the plague. Pants Pants Pants!
You know, I wonder sometimes how stupid a film promoter can be.... Every review but one here is by a person extolling the different virtues of the film in PR speak, and bad PR speak at that. If you want to shill a movie, then at least have the decency to credit the members here with some degree of intelligence. 3 pages of PR, all obviously written by the same amateur promoter does NOT entice anyone to watch what is basically a single fart gag retold in 10 different ways. I rest my case. If anyone considers watching this junk then they deserve everything they get Including me. :) Cheers, Will
This movie is the kind of indie garbage that gives right wing conservatives the moral high ground. I'm sorry, but if your Mom and her boyfriend are even starting to diddle your fiancé there is a problem and no amount of next day apologies are going to make it right. Seriously, what is the filmmaker trying to say? I know she thinks this is cutting edge, but really it is just sick. And one more thing. If the movie is about Americans - how about casting a few - I am so sick of all these Aussie and Brit actors playing Americans - aren't there any good actors in this country or what?
i don't get this s**t. You have cameos from all these funny, interesting actors, and you cast the leads as there community theater rejects? what gives? what are you trying to covey? The content become contrived and predictable after a while. The dialog COULD have been striking, but s**t, you got Jack Black playing a mental defect, and Laura Kitelinger on screen for like a second and a half, and you cast the movie with these forced dialog suckers? I don't get it, Bob, i don't' get it. This film had a lot of potently but failed. I DE-Recommend this film. Don't bother, It's not worth it. It's too simple, but could have been good.
I'm only 23 but I know a good deal about movies. How could someone sit down and write this screenplay? I'd be so ashamed of myself. I don't know where they found these actors either. I thought this was a parody or something when I watched it. I almost felt bad for the people who helped make this movie. I can't believe someone would put their name on the credits. And why is this rated R? I watched it on encore, I don't think they swear or anything. This is truly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I wouldn't recommend this cheesy movie to anybody. DON"T WATCH IT! - BriStanley
The concept behind this show is good, but the crappy writing, actors and sorry excuses for jokes threw it all away. I just don't understand how things like this even make it on the air. Why are wonderful shows like "Freaks and Geeks" and "Arrested Development" even considered for cancellation? The acting is bad. Just plain bad. The "jokes" are a slap on the face for its viewers. The only reason I tuned in was for Liam Sullivan, whom I assumed would have more common sense than signing up for this. I hope he finds better work, because this show can not go pass its fourth episode. And our protagonist, is just HORRIBLE.
I've seen all the other St Trinians films, and the superb (and superior) forerunner The Happiest Days Of Their Lives, so I felt that I should watch the 1980 film, even though I'd read somewhere that it was poor. Poor is an understatement. The script is awful. The acting is dreadful - doubtless the cast would blame the script but really they are equally at fault. This is probably the worst British film that I've ever seen - certainly it's the worst portion of a franchise. If you think that some of the 1970s Bond films are bad - try watching The Wildcats of St Trinians. Not one for a blu-ray release...
A revisit to Wings of the Dove. Uneven performances and a sometimes self-indulgent script all in a really cool house. The story is basically the same principle: a young woman get her lover to become the lover of a dying rich woman. None of the characters are really likable, but neither are they nasty enough to hate. They fall right into that "annoying, but if they're your friends, I guess they can come to dinner" category. Despite all of this, there are points where its manipulative sentimentality actually leaks through. As the young man and Joely Richardson fall in love, you can't help but appreciate the feeling of danger and dread that accompanies it.
Though Rock Hudson is my favorite actor, his acting in this film is very amateurish and highly unbelievable. Mia Farrow's performance is also wooden and I have seen better acting in school plays by grammar school students. Of course, the fact that other than a fake avalanche, there is no substance or story line that I could perceive to this film. The only good actor was Robert Forster and he also had the best script. I couldn't believe it was made in 1978 because I felt it probably was one of the training films made by new actors and actresses in order to develop their craft for Mia and Rock. I wouldn't view it again.
This film is hilarious. Not only does it have the completely bizarre factor of a dog barking at black bears, cougars and birds and then legging it, but one of the funniest scenes I have ever seen. I was literally crying. Some of the more passionate Benji fans on this page will recall immediately the heart-stopping scene where our hero, Benji, is being chased by the terrifying wolf. Thankfully, the wolf meets his demise by tossing himself off a cliff, and then falling stiff as a board down into the canyon below as if the production crew had thrown a stuffed wolf out of a plane. On the way down the wolf goes... awoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....
Ram Gopal Varma creates more mysterious garbage! This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is so bizarre, repulsive, and stupid. Varma was right--this movie is very scary--so scary that it scared the audience out of the theaters! By the end of the movie, I was laughing my head off. That's not a good sign when you're watching a horror/thriller. The climax is so disgusting and utter nonsense! Do yourself a big favor and avoid this one! I must say, though, that the child artist was awesome! He really looked as if he just saw a ghost. He definitely deserves some awards for his performance. Sushmita also did a good job.
In between "Love Story" and "What's Up, Doc?", Ryan O'Neal sneaked in this minor, forgotten western co-starring William Holden. It's one of those outdoor character studies which critics love to label 'picaresque' (i.e., episodic story of or relating to rascals or rogues). Two Montana cowboys plan to rob a bank and retire to Mexico, but life has other plans. Holden is restrained and easy, O'Neal very awkward, but the main culprit here is writer-director Blake Edwards (of all people), who sets the early pacing at such a slow drag that the picture never recovers. Supporting cast is unusually strong, but no one here is able to do much with this colorless script. ** from ****
While I prefer Groucho's humor the most amongst all three Marx brothers, it's just not the same without Chico and Harpo for Groucho to play off of. I had never seen Carmen Miranda in action, though I had long known of her being a performer with kooky hats. Now that I've seen her on screen, I think she comes across as a cross between Marlene Dietrich and Charo - a surprisingly fun mix. She's actually a good foil for Groucho, so I think it's the screenplay that doesn't play to their full potentials. It's still a fairly charming movie, with Carmen taking on the role of two different stage performers and Groucho providing zingers.
in my opinion of the show's fate, i think that warner brothers officials were wrong to cancel this show... although it lasted 4 seasons it could've been at least 3 more seasons until the did what they did... as for this whole comic book movie battle between DC and MARVEL, i think that DC/WARNER BROS. should make a live action version of static shock and bring it to the big screen. nobody knew who blade was until marvel came out with that movie and it spawned into 3 movies because of it's success. so in the end, if DC wants to redeem themselves for this HUGE mistake they need to bring static to the big screen
I am very disappointed that I watched all the seasons of Deadwood. Not because the show was disappointing, but because the show ended. This was a show that was 360 degrees of amazing. A show that hit that gritty side of life in a way that leaves you feeling satisfied with its honesty. I really feel unsatisfied with the way HBO finished Deadwood. I am not foolish enough to think that it is all about me, but after reading the web Blog's and feeling other viewers comments I know that I am not alone. When and if HBO ever does anything about this I will be there to pick up where Deadwood left me...
Sometimes you just want to watch a sleazy B movie even if you are warned that it is really low budget. You just want some serial killer sleaze to watch mindlessly. Lots of naked bodies, aberrant sex, and gore: all combined to make a film that will never see a theater screen, but will make a good slasher film for the aficionados. Don't look for anything more, because there isn't anything. No great acting, not even good acting. No storyline that makes any real sense. Things just seem to jump all over the place. Charles Durning will not be adding to his long list of award nominations with his appearance in this film.
I saw this film at DeadCenter film festival in Oklahoma City. Connell has done a great job assembling a cast of interesting characters. This film is very funny but also shows the harder side of life for these background actors. The film is very engaging and keeps your attention from start to finish. The crew followed these actors for 8 months and then edited for over a year, and it shows. They have done a good job in showing growth in the film, and the editing of the story is excellent, with no voice-over and very little text required to pad the story. The actors are telling the story, and that's what makes it interesting. Recommended!
No, this is not another Pearl Harbor epic, though it comes as almost as big a surprise. This is, in fact, the show that I hoped "Fat Actress" and "The Comeback" might be and deserves equal footing with "Entourage." It's often laugh-out-loud funny, mixing sophisticated sarcasm with broad physical comedy. Who knew Tori Spelling could be an accomplished comic actor, with a major gift for impeccable timing and dead-pan delivery (actually, I've seen her do dead-pan delivery before, but never to such great and intentional comic effect). That she can even participate in such a dead-on send up of her industry in general and her self and her family in particular earns her great, noisy props!
I actually grew up near the city of Belem, shown in the beginning of the movie, and spent 18 years in the region. I also spent time in many of the Indian tribes in the area, including being "adopted" into one at the age of five. The movie does a great job of showing many aspects of life in the jungle, including some of the lawlessness. The costumes are fairly authentic, and portrayal of many tribal customs is well done. The manhood ceremony is closely based on authentic ceremonies that happen in most tribes. Altogether, about as good as you can expect from something that is not intended to be a documentary.
From this movie, it is easy to see how the director made it out of Holland and landed in mainstream Hollywood. He takes a very serious subject, extreme poverty and how it leads to social uprising, and adds his personal light touches that almost make you forget the political subtext. The "finger shadow" scene before the rape was a touch of cinematic genius that I almost missed the first time around. The ultimate lesson seems to me to be, of course, that we are all whores, it just depends on how much we can afford to spend on clothes. One question, if she was so poor, how did she keep her roots died blonde?
I have seen this movie three times since its release, but if I'm to be honest the last two times were mostly because of miss Beckinsale. To quote Dylan in the movie: "I can see it now, she is a stunningly attractive woman." The other actors make a good appearence as well, both Futterman as Dylan and Townsend as Jez are well casted, and they make well balanced duo. The movie is funny, though maybe not as laugh-out-loud-hillarious as a pure comedy would be, and allthough the plot is pretty crap (with some really far fetched sollutions), all in all it's a movie well worth seeing (unless you have a thing against pretty female faces...).
Have you ever sat and wondered why popular music has become plasticized and oh-so formulaic in the last ten years? This film answers that question and more. Rosanna Arquette does a magnificent job of presenting a fantastic cross-section of musical artists from every genre. From Sting, to Don Henley, to Mary J. Blige to Willie Nelson and Burt Bacharach. Rosanna sits back with her hand-held camera and allows the artist the opportunity to speak freely about their art, life and the music business. An open and honest commentary that is sorely missed in this day and age. A must see for those who appreciate music or for those who are just getting started. Thank you Rosanna!
This is the only DVD I have had so far that I have not managed to watch all of (and I've had Alone in the Dark!). After an hour of this American fool yacking on about how great he is and how well he can teach these children (apparently by shouting at them, humiliating them and being generally abusive)I couldn't take any more. It is simply one guy on an ego trip, he even states that he hates it if any of his pupils get better than him. A complete waste of time, would not have been made if it wasn't for the success of School of Rock, and shouldn't have been anyway.
I was surprised to read some of these unfavorable reviews. The '30s was my favorite era in film history, and this is one of my favorites. It's not "My Man Godfrey" or "It Happened One Night," but it's very enjoyable. I love the scene when her "servants" reveal themselves. I thought Montgomery was charming and adorable as usual, Powell was as awesome as ever, and Crawford was perfectly cast. She has the edge that makes her believable as a con artist. I'm curious to see the original pre-code version, if only TCM would show it! I doubt it's better, though. Norma Shearer was so weepy-eyed and hokey, and I wouldn't buy her as a con artist.
I've seen it twice and enjoyed it thoroughly each time. Still, not being an experienced movie critic, I'm grateful to Krorie for pointing out some valid deficiencies. For me, the scene in the beginning with Crawford in the wrong cabin (and bed) hooked me. Bruce's bumbling reaction was so natural, believable and funny I already decided I was going to like the rest. From then on, though, it does seem like the cast is just reciting lines. I found the constantly twisting plot at the end hard to keep up with. If anyone knows the name of the song Crawford plays on the piano, please let me know. Was it original or popular at that time?
One of the more enjoyable 'fun' films I've seen in a while, Excess Baggage left me with a smile on my face. Del Toro seemed a little uncomfortable on screen, and it's always hard to see Harry Connick, Jr. trying to play a bad guy, but Silverstone was wonderfully bratty without overdoing it and Christopher Walken served up yet another delightful performance as the 'problem solver.' The scene in the garage/warehouse with all of the exotic stolen cars, the bad guys, and good ol' Ray (Walken) with a gun was simply priceless. Don't look for anything 'heavy' here. Just kick back, relax, and have some fun, and enjoy the film for what it is.
Simply one of the best hard boiled noir films I have seen. Sterling Hayden is, as usual, excellent, while a very young Charles Bronson is surprisingly good as a 'punk' hood. Seems to feature nearly all scenes as location, or hand-held camera and it seems at times like a particularly effective episode of a 50s TV cop show - except that the content is much more brutal and sharp. This is a dark, dark film both in storyline and in the quite brilliant photography. I'd really love to see this neglected classic come out on a restored print on DVD. Isn't it time Criterion updated their 'noir' list? This cries out for restoration and a re-release.
A great movie about high adventure on the seas, with ships being wrecked, pirating, and two beautiful women vieing for the love of two handsome and bold sailors. John Wayne and Robert Preston plays two brothers in love with two cousins Paulette Goddard and Susan Hayward. Action packed, even a scene of them going deep into the depths of the ocean. Scenes well done. Ray Miland plays a fop who is after Paulette Goddard who only has eyes for John Wayne. Susan Hayward plays a small part as the sweetheart of Robert Preston. Color is great, costumes very in tune with the period. This is another one of my favorites. One of John Wayne's best films.
I caught this on AMC and loved it! It is a documentary about traffic safety from the eyes of a motorcycle cop. I love how it shows fashions, autos and scenery of the real L.A. right after the war. This post-war, pre-Elvis time period is one that I find interesting and this film sheds some light on life in America then. It was filmed about the same time as "It's a Wonderful Life." Life depicted in this film is very different from life portrayed in Bedford Falls. I understand that it won an Oscar but I cannot find a copy of the film for purchase. If you find a source, let us know!
I really enjoyed this movie. This time, it's not Chinese male who rule an action movie, but Chinese women. But above that I really enjoyed the relationship between the two sisters. How a movie is touching you depend of your life. I lost my parents I lost my daughter and may be this is why I was touched by this movie. I would like to have the version of close to you from this movie. I also liked the play with the camera. One of my favorite scene, is when Lynn (in the french version) jump out of the window (at the beginning) while her sister is asking her to not forget the cake. Martial
Policewoman Carole Mathews goes "undercover" to join Marie Windsor, Beverly Garland, and Jil Jarmyn in prison. The "Gang of Four" escape, and head for the local swamp, to look for some stashed diamonds. Who would hide their booty in a swamp? They take turns touching tied-up hostage Mike Connors. His girlfriend gets eaten by the alligator. Let's not beat around the bush. Stripped to its basics, "Swamp Women" was made for 1950s viewers to watch four naughty young women escape from prison, get drunk, cut off the legs of their pants, and wrestle in the swamp. Directed by Roger Corman. In color. ** Swamp Women (1955) Roger Corman ~ Marie Windsor, Carole Mathews, Beverly Garland
this is another of John Steinbeck's novels brought to the screen.i thought it was well done.Burgess Meredith plays George,and Lon Chaney Jr.plays his travelling companion Lenny.Lenny is what you would call very slow and George has too look out for him and keep him out of trouble.he is a giant of man with the intellect of a child.the two men are forced to keep moving when George does get into trouble.they arrive at a ranch,and end up working.George has big dreams for the two of them.this movie is whimsical in tone at times,but also dark and tragic.Chaney is brilliant as Lenny.the dialogue is very good as is the direction.for me,Of Mice and Men is a 10/10
I was 10 when I fell in love with Errol Flynn watching this film on TV; more than 30 years later, he's still a hottie [grin]. Sorry, Kevin Costner & all the other pretenders--this is the only & only Robin Hood, & Olivia DeHavilland, the only & most ladylike Maid Marian. Flynn manages to look "all-man" in tights, & in every athletic move he makes. Basil Rathbone, later to play Sherlock Holmes in films of the 1940's, resplendent in a red and gold surcoat, plays Robin Hood's worthy adversary, & he was also adept at fencing in RL. Claude Rains as a subtle & conniving Prince John, a performance appreciated more & more on each viewing.
This is not a mystery, but a very good thriller! Then why there's Mystery tag? Well apart from that, It's really a very good movie. A chilling thriller. I didn't feel this was a total film-noir. Sinatra plays a very good role as Baron the assassin. The movie portrays Baron's psychological struggle with his captives, and presents an interesting portrait of what nowadays is a controversial matter, the function of firearms in the home. Ironically, Sinatra's character presents himself as a "war hero," while Sinatra was 4-F during World War II and Sterling Hayden served with the United States Marine Corps and received the Silver Star for his gallantry in the European theatre.
A story of a groom going through the pre-wedding dilemmas of manhood and loyalties. A uniquely told story by talented director Lee Rogers. The raw style captures the lifestyle and heartbeat of the ozzie beach scene in sydney, or more specifically, Bondi beach. Great performances by all cast members, including singing sensation Kate Ceberano. Very relatable storyline that is heartfelt and honestly told. A bunch of unique characters that are fun and humorous and make for good comic relief. Surfing in the nude is always fun to watch, i don't care who you are. Definitely worth watching for wit and charm that is brought to the table by this troupe of Australian surfers and their friends.
Lost treasure, old west cowboy ghouls, and great special effects. Probably equal parts horror, Western, and action/adventure. The story is based on the real-life legend of Tumacacori, an ancient Spanish lost treasure of gold, and is a fun romp through the Arizona desert. The music is scored well and moves the film nicely. Billy Drago is awesome as the wicked cavalry saber-wielding town Sheriff. Don't expect a typical blood and guts horror pic, there's more here to the legend, as the six convicts look for the lost gold and meet their untimely deaths. Great decapitation scene, and a very cool Harley Davidson/horse chase at the end. Rate it a six, maybe seven, but definitely worth watching.
As I look through the pages of comments, I see a fairly common recurrence. People either love this movie, or they hate it. I've watched this movie upwards of 10 times and it has not ceased to be hilarious. Me and other friends who have watched the film even get laughs out of references to this film, because its so classic. Let me warn you that if you try to take this movie seriously, critique its script or plot, you will most likely fall into the category that hates this film. The true comedy comes from the absurd nature of the dialogue and the overacting which makes it that much funnier. Hopefully you will enjoy it.
I do not know what was being attempted by this movie. If it is a parody, then it drastically needs humor. Bill Murray's character Zissou is an empty shell of a person who really doesn't care about anything, not even money or greed like Royal Tannenbaum. It is hard for me to see any resemblance to film maker Cousteau. Most of the characters are as one-sided as paper dolls. Owen Wilson's Ned is the only one who seems to have any blood pulsing through his veins. Basically, this movie is a vapid cartoon. Actual aquatic life is wonderful. Why does this movie want to adorn fish with finger paints and rhinestones ? How depressing !!!
Good characters and a well written script always left me wondering where the plot was heading next. I love non-obvious storytelling something you don't often see in movies these days - where it all seems to be about the formula that they think will draw audiences. Bill Murray has hit a stride in recent years. He's found the perfect characters for his personality. Another stellar job. And once again Wes Anderson joins a few other recent directors in weaving great music into his movies. Why is it when (commericial) radio seems to have sunk to new lows in quality and originality, movies seem to be soaring to new heights in choosing good creative music.
This was, with all honesty, absolutely terrible. Take a really bad movie, multiply its awfulness by 100, run it over with a tank, dice it up and then glue it back together you'll get Blood Lake. Which isn't really a bad thing, because it's so SO SO bad it's almost kind of interesting. One of the things I thought was humorous was like the 15 minute ending where they showed the killer walking around doing nothing. Also, it was freaky how that scrawny hillbilly kid kept on saying he was going to bang the black chick. And I think they ended up getting it on. You should see this movie, it'll give you a laugh.
Every so often,a film comes along that resets the standard for it's genre.Die Hard did just that very thing for action films.Any film that inspires copycats and wannabes really does it's job well.Bruce Willis made a very successful transition from the small screen to the big screen as the everyday Joe forced into being the hero.This film has all the necessary ingredients to qualify it as a great action film.All you have to do is see it for yourself.Particularly well done is the performance of Alan Rickman as the chief villain,Hans Gruber.You can come up with good arguments for many action films as to which is the best all time,and this one is no exception.Well done.
This movie screened at the 5th Melbourne Underground Film Fest and I gotta admit! I got sucked in by the title! But the movie held up as well. Entertaining, engaging characters and convincing cast. Sexy women too!Sometimes all the crazy antics were hard to keep track of and sometimes the camera was a little too hand held,..but the film held together through its sheer energy. The film has that much visual color it is almost overwhelming, the camera never stops moving and the characters never stop scheming. My prediction is keep an eye out for this director."Bitch" is pulsing with ambition and confidence. This director is going to pull off something even bigger in the future..
This movie finds it's humor in seeing the absurdity of situations that are unusual but not completely unbelievable. The characters are memorable, especially as Henry Winkler plays a role that is a complete departure from previous roles and he does so convincingly. Winkler is a great straight man to Michael Keaton's high energy "idea man" and Shelley Long is well cast as the quintessential hooker-with-a-heart of gold. It's a very 80's film, but one that has stood the test of time. Even if the story line is "formula" it produces exactly the result you would expect: it's a loud, colorful, rollicking good time. It may be dated, but it is still funny after all these years.
No one expects a movie with National Lampoon in the title to be high theater, but most National Lampoon movies are funny in a low brow way. "Adam and Eve" couldn't cut the mustard. Emmanuelle Chriqui is GORGEOUS, but that alone couldn't save the movie. The love story is sweet, and the chaste Eve is treated in a respectful way, but the script wasn't funny, the supporting characters were not funny. George Dzundza, who I remember fondly from his Law and Order days, was wasted in this film. The male lead seemed too stoned and apathetic to care about anyone. Thank God this movie was on Starz and I didn't have to pay for a ticket.
I really liked the original Skulls. There were good actors, writing/script/plot etc. And I haven't seen Skulls II yet (I didn't know there were any sequels until I saw Skulls III was on TV). Skulls III is poor. The actors are fine, but the plot is so easy to predict. There's no suspense. No surprises. And I'd almost call Skulls III slow most of the time. Skulls III certainly gives you nothing worth watching for 2 hours. You'd be better off renting/watching the original Skulls again, than to watch this version. If they plan to make a Skulls IV, bring back the writers and director types which made Skulls (I) a success.
The movie was too fast paced,not much in the way of a plot that hasn't been done before & the actors could not act to save their lives for an exception of Kelsey & even he couldn't save this picture. It is so cliché it isn't even funny. The dialogue is also not that great nor is it into going into things explaining things for an exception of a few secs here or there. I wouldn't even recommend it. kelsey can & will do much better. I wasn't expecting a block buster here but come on some crappy low budget film could at least try harder. The effects were so overly cheap its not funny.
This is the first manga film that I watched, and the reason to develop my interest and look for more movies. And thanks to this baby I found "AKIRA", for which I won't stop being grateful. The movie, simply said, has it all. there's action, thrill, criticizing general issues, a bit of romance. The big influence comes from Hiro - he's a boy, deeply interested and amazed by all the unfairness in this world, and as we can see, does everything in his powers to fix it all. Even though he is still a teenager, his seriousness and bravery make his a truly amazing character. a perfect movie, worth the time 10 out of 10
The first installment of Resident Evil was true enough to the video game to make it a great movie. The movie did not really concentrate on "The Resident Evil" meaning the house that was haunted by zombies. Although the zombie virus was created by Umbrella,... the video game concentrated on the fact that the mansion was infested with zombies. That made it "Resident Evil". The mansion was haunted by a resident that was evil,.... But the first movie was good because it had stayed true to the fact that zombies (whatever the virus infect-ant was) were the main theme. Resident Evil (the first movie) was really good. I'd give it a 8.5 on the movie scale.
This movie is part of a tired franchise and not the one started by the Wayan brothers. It all started with Airplane nearly thirty years ago and moved into The Naked Gun etc. to Scary Movie 3. The actors and gags slowly churn some from brother to brother with the exception of Leslie Nielsen. It basically spoofs four movies with others thrown in. The three main storyline movies were not very interesting to start and the comedy is not much of an improvement. Tom Cruise is parodied in both The War of the Worlds and his Oprah appearance. This is interlaced with The Grudge, The Village, and the whole thing is bookended with Saw.
I didn't want to fear her. I wanted to grab that pick-axe and smash her a good one in her stupid sass-talking gob. The only fun things about this episode were the Doctor's obsession with those edible ball-bearings, the way he first parks the Tardis, and Roses's "Council" conversation with the tarmac chap. But...ewwwwww, more scary scribbling beasties, squabbling neighbors, "spooky" window silhouettes, put-on Exorcist voices, ripped-off Poltergeist closets et al. Someone lacking in creativity was trying to revive Rod Serling's infinitely more talented corpse on this one but they wrote a retardisode instead. Moreover this was a terribly-crafted product placementy goodwill 'love' letter to the games of the 2012 Olympiad...literally. *PUKE*
I really enjoyed Bee Movie. The role of Barry Benson was just made for Seinfeld, can't think of anyone better to be cast as the voice. Plenty of humor for the kids and adults alike. I thought the plot was going to be a bit thin in the middle, but the ending ties it up just nicely. Would have liked to hear more from Chris Rock though! Anyway, a very entertaining, light hearted film (even with a hint of a message about Ecosystem preservation for the kiddies). One of the better animated films after a long run of disappointments(except for Ratatouille). I'll be getting this one on DVD without a doubt. 8/10
Walking around IMDb and I realized that there're many good movies are being shamefully underrated . To be honest this's one in a few movies that in my view are perfect . Thoughtful story, well direct, genius camera arranging . There're some guys here said it's had a bad ,going-to-nowhere story then they can't get the message , the reason blah blah blah , some others complained about its slowness , then some avuncular naturalist point out that these actors can be compare with a wax statue of Paris Hilton , some "critics" bring King Kong (OMG) and LOTR (WTF) to intimidate this movie , so, kiddos , go home and leave indie spirit alone !
Lost treasure, old west cowboy ghouls, and great special effects. Probably equal parts horror, Western, and action/adventure. The story is based on the real-life legend of Tumacacori, an ancient Spanish lost treasure of gold, and is a fun romp through the Arizona desert. The music is scored well and moves the film nicely. Billy Drago is awesome as the wicked cavalry saber-wielding town Sheriff. Don't expect a typical blood and guts horror pic, there's more here to the legend, as the six convicts look for the lost gold and meet their untimely deaths. Great decapitation scene, and a very cool Harley Davidson/horse chase at the end. Rate it a six, maybe seven, but definitely worth watching.
Where else can you see a film with Ron Jeremy, Lou Diamond Phillips and Scott Thompson?? This is a hilarious send up of the porn world. It's a comedy, so there's no nudity, but that's the whole point. Bill and Earl have turned the porn world into a family friendly environment..except for the last porn scene which gets...a little messy. The writing is strong, the acting is so sincere, and the women are gorgeous. I heard this short is being turned into an animated series where Bill and Earl are super heroes. Looking forward to seeing it. Anyone who wants to check this short out for themselves can see it at the atom films site. Enjoy!
Why claim ultra-budget movies as being the "best film ever" when you can see some guys with almost no scenary and a very low budget make a great movie that is intelligent, funny, has a good soundtrack AND is well done at the same time? Not to mention the autoral thing. It's the kind of movie that makes me think "hey, I wish I'd made this movie... and I could!" : ) --- PS: I call it life savior cause I quit my job as a clerk on the most chic CD store in my town, and couldn't figure out why. When I saw this movie I found out and recovered the trust in my self.
What can be said about this movie that has not already been said? I love this movie. In fact it is my favorite movie. Kevin Smith is a genius. He did this this perfectly the minute it hits the 37 scene it is complete gold. Randel is one of the funniest characters ever. And in this movie we are introduced to View Askews most memorable characters Jay and Silent Bob. This is a fantastic movie one of the greatest independent movies ever. And the premiere of a great comic mind writer/directer Kevin Smith. I have yet to find a person that disagrees with me. I highly recommend this movie. Everyone should see it. 9/10 amazing movie.
a movie filled with good drama, great twists and an unexpected death. Burn After Reading will make you Keep After Watching. good-a good story. a very good serious adult like comedy. amazing twists-certain characters death, the discovery of who is following George, etc. bad-first of all, i know that every film (must) introduce the characters before getting to the point of the film. but in this film, it seems like it takes forever to get to the point (the CD) and all the time up until that point seems kinda boring but at the same time entertaining. summary-a good film if you enjoy twists and are willing to accept its adult like comedic.
People looking for raunch should look elsewhere. This is a study of a very bright, yet disturbed, young woman, who has something to say, and is willing to do something very extreme in order to make sure she's heard. I suspect many feminists will hate this film, and I suspect it will do Ms. Chong's heart good to rock the feminist theory boat. The way she chooses to claim and embrace her sexuality is repulsive, and yet fascinating and pwoerful. I really found myself thinking that I didn't care much for Ms. Chong, but that I deeply respected her motives. Highly reccomended for anyone interested in what the sex industry means, and can mean, for women.
Based on a Broadway play of the same name, this movie shows Cagney in an uncharacteristic role as a mysterious patron of a bar on the "wrong side of the tracks". Bill Bendix is great as the owner/bartender of the place. The dialog is well written and delivered with the skill you expect from greats like Cagney and Bendix. As the story progresses you learn more and more about Cagney's character, but he remains much of a mystery. The sub-plots are compelling. Unusual for a film from 1944, there is little mention of the war. All-in-all, a very touching, often funny and interesting film. It kept several people up well past their usual bedtimes.
My fave Charlie Brown holiday film. Chuck is a cluck again, but Snoppy and Woodstock save the day - and Thanksgiving - when they prepare a beautiful gourmet meal.... for a beagle and a birdie, that is. After Charlie Brown gets himself into hot water for the zillionth time by inviting too many kids over for the festive holiday, it's up to his pet doggie and Snoopy's best friend Woodstock to pull a rabbit out of a hat, or in this case, a turkey. Super-fun movie with the beautiful fall atmosphere all around in the form of colorful leaves on the ground and the smell of hot food in the air. Happy Thanksgiving!!! :)
Throughout the years I have see the film a few times during the holidays. I would rank it as one of the top ten Peanuts films that Charles Schulz did. As a child I could relate to Charlie Brown whose cooking skills only include making toast and popcorn. After reading the comment about Woodstock eating the turkey, I noticed some thing else slightly distrubting. In this film short Charlie Brown invites all his friends for dinner. Yet Charlie Brown's only ethnic friend is Franklin, who is African American. Franklin does not say more than two lines in the film. Yet considering the film is nearly 30 years old this limited inclusion of multi-ethinic persons is understandable.
Here's my disclaimer: I am related to someone involved in the film, so I'm not completely unbiased. Having said that, I saw the preview at Sundance and I thought it was a great movie. The beginning really conveys a sense of how painfully disconnected and lacking direction Dave Tibble (Trevor Morgan) is. As the film progresses Ray Cook (Nick Nolte), in contrast to Dave's father (Timothy Hutton), shows Dave that whether or not you are completely successful the only way to really live life is to engage with its issues, without self-pity. The cast was all excellent, especially Nick Nolte; he was awesome in in this role. The conclusion of the film is bittersweet yet hopeful.
To me, DF3 had the best plot of the 3 films, however the lack of Chuck Norris brought the intellectual achievement down. This movie missed Chuck's cool catch phrases, and his ability to shoot rockets out the back of his bike. This movie was somewhat of a disappointment, but overall, I still give it my approval. I would recommend it to someone who likes action, and wants to be entertained without all the glory of Hollywood superstars. When compared to other 3rd installments of trilogies, it still is up there with the best. Much better in comparison to the Godfather 3, and Die Hard 3. 8/10 Don't submit to the man, fight the power!
As the child of a single parent who is deaf, Beyond Silence is, in most aspects, a very true portrait of how I grew up. Scenes such as going to the bank and talking to the teacher were my actual experiences and difficulties I have faced all the time. It was just so real I couldn't help getting emotional as the story went on. For those who live or work with deaf or hard-of-hearing people, this is a must see; for those who don't, you should definitely see it as well and cherish your good sense of hearing -- being able to communicate easily is not a gift for everyone as most people take for granted.
Good, gothic-feeling movie. Richard Lynch, with his searing eyes, gaunt, handsome face, flowing blonde hair and sexy voice was a natural to play the vampire, Anton Voytek. Seeing him come up out of the earth, roaring in pain and anguish of being sealed up in his tomb of earth for nearly 40 years was a very creepy site. I highly recommend this movie for vampire movie fans and for Richard Lynch fans it is a MUST SEE I believe this was really the first time I noticed Richard Lynch. I am not sure if I saw him in anything else, previously, but this movie left me wanting to see him in everything he has/had ever done.
Amazing film! Although I have to disagree about the comment appeared here, mistakenly stated the wrong fact that the movie shows that Russia has been obsessed with war, as the great patriotic war was about people defending their home and families, unwillingly drawn into the battle of their lives by the fascists. the movie shows,above everything I think, the borders of human behavior under tremendous pressure, and the brilliancy of of some against the banality of others, often in higher positions, which caused many logically impossible situations, and made the turn of events amazingly chaotic. I enjoyed it very much, along with great editing and script, writing rare videos and excellent soundtrack are a beautiful bonus.
I saw this series a long time ago when it was aired on TV. I really liked it. Especially the mix between drama, humor, cop stories and a attorney stories. All rolled up in one. The chemistry between the characters was good. And i also remember different kinds of interesting side stories concerning family matters. It is a pity that it wasn't successful. Because it stopped after only one season. Unfortunately, because i really liked it. So now i have a question. Because I'd like to see this series again. Does anyone know if it is available on DVD (or download) anywhere? Please leave a comment on that. Í would be grateful. thank you very much.
OK, I was bored and there was nothing on at 10pm, only thing was Life Size. I swear, it was the STUPIDEST movie ever-wait, i've seen worse- and Lindsay Lohan did a horrible job acting. Everyone did a horrible job acting, and the story did not make any sense at all. I don't realize how Casey tried to "resurect" her mother with a spell and accidentally gave her doll a human life. Huh? Tyra Banks was OK, but shouldn't have done it- someone else smaller in fame should have. And after seeing Parent Trap, I would have expected much, much more from Lindsay. Basically, never watch this movie because it wastes time. A LOT of time.
What an unexpected treat.Long before Pricilla and all the others, there was Craig Russell. His impersonations remains vividly embedded in my brain because besides the look and mannerisms, I perceived the soul of the characters in question. They are not caricatures but tributes. His Judy Garland is heartbreaking and his Mae West hilarious.As if all that was not enough we have a screenplay of such intelligence and wit that I'm surprised this film is not a classic. When Holly's doctor finds out she lives with a man, he tries to warn her about the risks (she's bi polar) of an emotional, sexual entanglement. She reassures him telling him "Don't worry, we sleep in separate worlds" Lovely.
The movie was too fast paced,not much in the way of a plot that hasn't been done before & the actors could not act to save their lives for an exception of Kelsey & even he couldn't save this picture. It is so cliché it isn't even funny. The dialogue is also not that great nor is it into going into things explaining things for an exception of a few secs here or there. I wouldn't even recommend it. kelsey can & will do much better. I wasn't expecting a block buster here but come on some crappy low budget film could at least try harder. The effects were so overly cheap its not funny.
This was the first bollywood movie i ever saw, and it's still one of the tops on my list. If you are rating the film based on its historical accuracy, its a complete flop. and, honestly, i was a little disappointed in the ending...or lack of....but either way i love the music, cinematography, and everything else. Shahrukh Khan and Kareena Kapoor have great chemistry together...Kareena is really a great actress when she isn't playing a dumb ditz (such as in K3G....). And Rahul Dev is pretty good too. If this movie weren't "based on the life of Asoka", I think it would have been a lot better. But It it is still totally worth watching.
Sliders is a perfect example of network television and their short-sightedness......and an even more perfect example showing how the Nielson's are an absolute joke. This show still has a following in reruns.....the websites are a testament to that. Enterprise being cancelled and some jackleg website collecting THREE MILLION DOLLARS to keep it on show the Nielson's are not accurate. Do you ever look at the top shows and wonder, "who the hell is watching them?" Time for the Nielson's to go........Hey, Nielson's, keep your crisp dollar bill and find a way to do it right, or go to hell. I suggest anyone who agrees, write an email or letter and let's get this thing changed.
Very beautiful and original pictures in this movie. You can also enjoy such simple things as the sound of the snow falling or a scissors cutting a wool cloth... In my opinion, the movie is not repetitious. I think the intention of the director is to introduce you in the monks' everyday life, and therefore you have to understand the routine and discipline they are attached to. It is just the silence that illuminates these people. And I didn't know there were such really sweet monks in the catholic church! At the cinema everybody were staying till the very end, although I have to say that someone was sleeping behind me ;-)
Okay, this one was 11 minutes less than 3 hours, but if you include the trailers etc. beforehand it's 3 hours plus. It felt like an eternity to watch. It's a doc about the repetitive daily lives of European monks who have taken a vow of silence. That's it. Almost three hours of it. They should show it to prisoners as a form of psychological torment. When the camera is pointed at the faces of individual monks I wanted to scream: "Where's the narration?!! Sure, you show us their daily routines but what about some analysis?"-- I wanted to leave before it was finished. Total asceticism doesn't translate as a film-able or interesting subject.
Pleasantly surprised by this one. I had heard people refer to this one, but hadn't seen it for myself until recently. One of the better buddy-action movies I've seen, due to a very tight script. Superior writing by George Gallo. The story is what drives this movie from beginning to end, and doesn't need to depend solely on the cast to keep the audience interested for the full 2 hours. DeNiro and Grodin are excellent together, with a great supporting cast. I would keep this movie in my personal collection. I would also consider it a fine example for other buddy action movies to follow, even today. Highly recommended for great comedic writing, directing and acting.
I see this as a film about how hard it is to do the right thing in the complex modern world. Makdong's family used to own acres of farmland that are now covered in ugly apartment buildings and now they get by selling eggs to the residents. All Makdong wants to do is make this easier for his family and in the process he becomes a gangster just to get by. Even the gangsters are between doing the right thing and doing what they must to survive. Makdong's "Big Brother" likes to think of himself as different from the other thieves and killers that make up the underworld but in the end he is no better.
It seems almost incredible that this film was made in 1936, when the almost invariable tendency in Hollywood was to portray negroes as (perhaps) lovable, but mostly inept, submissive, rather primitive creatures, good for a laugh and musical entertainment but for not much else. Here we see, in primitive guise but with great delicacy, feeling, seriousness and depth (even the difficult theological problem of the doubting God is touched on towards the end) the events of the New Testament as seen through the eyes of negro believers. This is one of the very few movies I have insisted on that my children see as part of their education, and this should apply to many grownups too.
This film gave me a sense of how Jerry Bruckheimer started out. "The Incorporated" is a very strong first endeavor. Knowing the extreme difficulties of getting a film off the ground, let alone finishing with polished precision, I applaud Kenneth Guertin. All of the elements of an action-thriller were in place. I look forward to him and his team's future work. Independent film-makers like Kenneth Guertin are the type of artist who develop into the Steven Spielbergs and James Camerons of the "Hollywood Machine". I would like to see more Independent action-based films like "The Incorporated", rather than those we see every year at the festivals striving to be the next Neil LaBute or Woody Allen.
This movie has everything to be an excellent movie for young people (but also enjoyable for older people). There is loads of political statement made which should make everyone think even if u don't share the opinion. I mean, how many movies are there which talk about politics at all? The movie is full of emotions acted pretty well. The camera which makes u feel to be very close to the scenes and the music support these emotions successfully. Even if you are not that kind of anarchist, there are still some scenes which are just so familiar to yourself. It's a movie about youth itself I suppose. The movie is a must-see
This is not a war-movie, but a movie about traveling through time. And the best of its kind in my opinion. So other recommendations should rather be sci-fi movies of the same kind, and not just war movies. The great thing about this one in the genre of time travel, is that its made in a so epic and serious way. I know first time seeing it on the screen and it looked to be a huge drama, action-thriller or something in the beginning, and then suddenly the most unexpected thing happens. It was awesome. I never get tired of this movie. Only wish there had been much more of it.
Another fairly predictable "Nightmare on Elm Street" story finds young Jesse Walsh trying to fight off a very rude intrusion by Freddy Krueger. David Chaskin has taken Wes Craven's original characters to create this new tale for director Jack Sholder. This film is viewable thanks to a good performance by Mark Patton in the role of Jesse Walsh. Kim Myers also starred. Over all, the content is still trashy and the level of entertainment is still average. "Elm Street Two" is one of the shortest films I have seen in a while. Running time is only eighty minutes. However, I guess we should be grateful for small mercies. Tuesday, September 17, 1991 - Video
Robin Hood, Elizabeth and Essex, They Died With Their Boots On -- add these to this movie, and you have a great combination. Errol Flynn was always so handsome and charming. Wish he could have lived forever. It is so wonderful that his images can be preserved in these excellent films. Yes, Don Juan was the great lover. He also had to be a great politician, what with dealing with kings, courtiers and husbands. If I were a movie director, and could get Errol Flynn to act for me in a leading man role, I know I could get a great performance out of him every time. RIP, Errol. You were the best. 12/10
I liked this movie a lot. I found inside many reflexions from Warrior's Path described by Carlos Castaneda and his Shaman Don Juan. Breaking all connections with our day-to-day world, all relations, going to supposed goal with unbend intent ... almost all is present here as pure essence. Allpresent butchering and manslaughter will probably filter out those weak and yet undecided, but this is here important part of artistic representation. Killing of the "innocent" also clearly demonstrate that somewhere on the Path we have to stop using outside criteria for "good" and "bad" and use only our own, hopefully already developed at that point. The final point is also a first point of new cycle. Masterwork.
Unbelievably bad. It's like, you should pardon the expression, a photo layout in Playgirl which no female ever seems to buy or see wink wink wink. The thin non plot just seems to consist of contrived opportunities to look at Michael Baldoz with his shirt off. What they saved on wardrobe for Mr. Baldoz they more than made up for with the body waxing (baldchest?) The boys are miners in this brilliantly lighted mine with twenty foot ceilings and gravel just waiting to be scooped up. They don't even break a sweat what with constant daubs from the body make-up sponge. Soft core porn for the guys who buy Playgirl. How do these movies get made?
First saw Bitter Rice in 1949 and it has haunted me for 51 years. Recently rented it (2000) and it's still compelling. The verrismo genre was new at the time; in 2000 it doesn't have the same impact that it did when Open City, Bicycle Thief, La Strada, et al were all showing at about the same time, and showing us that there was a true, artistic alternative to Hollywood pap. The then 18-year old Silvana Mangano's earthy performance will endure forever. My only memory from 1949 was of her working and chanting in the rice fields. And her doing a sensual Lindy with Vittorio Gassman. Those scenes were still compelling, half a century later.
Wow! I am still in absolute shock from this film. Meryl Streep delivers a magnificent performance, with a flawless Polish accent. Kevin Kline and Peter Macnichol are terrific and together the three of them make a highly enjoyable film. The 'choice' Sophie has to make is shattering, a beautifully acted and unforgettable scene. Meryl Streep won the best actress Oscar for her portrayal of the nazi camp survivor, this was richly deserved. The film was incredible with a great score and many moving emotional scenes. The emotions of the characthers, especially Sophie, are incredibly beliveable and bought to life. All 3 of the main performances are haunting and memorable. A must see. Highly reccomended. 10/10
I had no expectations whatsoever of this movie when my family and I sat down to watch it. I was blown away. We thought it was brilliant, from start to finish. I also felt the animation was of a very high standard and it evoked memories of the original film. Everyone at Disney who were involved in creating this film should be very, very proud of themselves. They did a fine job. I could be wrong, of course, but I just felt that this was a labour of love for the creators and their care and artistry just oozes out of every frame of this movie. Easily the best of the direct-to-video sequels.
This movie is quite OK as a cyber-punk. It is not Oscar material, but I found it totally enjoyable on a quiet Sunday. The story admittedly is a little thin, and some times too emotional but still it was nice to watch. The actors are doing an OK job, and the lead actress is a beauty. The CGI is OK, and the sets have that dark gloomy mood to it. The action sequences was OK choreographed as well. If you like CP movies, then why not. Just don't expect Bladerunner, though even that was deemed doomed in its day. This is a paced action flick, with some love and emotion in to it.
Chan fans and film buffs will enjoy this better-than-average Monogram film. True, with the exception of "Charlie Chan in the Secret Service" none of the Monogram series comes close to the 20th C FOX entries, but the story is serviceable and enjoyable. Mantan Moreland shows his best Vaudevillian stage takes, and of note is Joan Woodbury, the Woodbury soap heiress, in at least her third appearance in the Chan series. The other two I know of are "Charlie Chan at the Opera" where she has no lines and dances on a table top during the opera, and "Charlie Chan on Broadway" where she is Douglas Fowley's love interest and performs what I call "the sashay dance."
What a movie!!!! This is one movie that i can watch again and again. It was like a breath of fresh air in the stinking stench of typical Hindi movies. This movie gave me hope that Indians too can make decent movies!! But honestly, this movie was much much better then just DECENT!!! I love this movie. I love the guy's passion when he is trying to save the flag from fire!!! What a scene yaar!!!! forget that ..........i say what a movie yaar!!!!!!!! Everyone who loves cinema and is a movie buff, should definitely have ROJA DVD in their collection! If they don't then they are liars and they don't love cinema and movies!!!!!!
I learned things I didn't know about Fanny and I thought Julia Davis's portrayal of her was absolutely spot on. It was fun to watch and quite touching in places. Fanny became a much more human personality after watching this play/comedy/drama and I felt very sympathetic to her even though she was obviously an extremely difficult person to live with. I felt very sorry for her family as well. She obviously had quite a collection of personality disorders which were not being recognised or helped. For eccentricity read 'in need of psychiatric or psychoanalytical help'. Blue eggs with mayonnaise made us all laugh. I thought the lady member of the publics menu sounded yummy.
Great movie with breath taking scenes and good songs. Seems original too. But that is where it ends. See: "Eye of the needle" with Donald Sutherland and Kate Nelligan. You will see the immediate connection. The isolated Kashmir background mimics storm island. The WWII German role of Donald mimics Aamir's struggle as a Kashmiri living on "foreign" soil. The role played by Rishi Kapoor as the heroine's father is similar to Kate's husband in EOTN. The role played by the isolated colonel who dies at the hand of aamir is similar to the lighthouse event in EOTN. In fact the final struggle is also similar. A helicopter awaits aamir and a German u-boat waits Donald.
I loved this show, personally. However, it never caught on. And now, I'll never know what happens next. The tv show rocked. I thought it was one of the better shows FOX decided to give a whirl. In fact, I'd say its much better then the garbage they try to unload now (A show called 24 comes to mind). The premise was pretty cool. If i remember correctly, Hobbes is put into a computer/alternate reality (to test out a new training simulation) and is stuck in. The real reason he was put in is to get rid of this guy, Santiago, who is controlling the sim. Note: The song Climbatize by Prodigy is played numerous times.
This is the one of the best Sci-Fi movies I have seen in recent history. The way everything is meticulously placed is incredible. From the lighting to the characters and the city itself. With an incredible jaw dropping reveal at the climax I cannot recommend this movie enough. The pacing is great and starts fast and ends fast. There are pauses in the action I believe Alex Proyas placed there to give the viewer a chance to catch his breath. Roger Ebert named this the best movie of 1998, it may not quite be that, but nonetheless, you will not be disappointed. Check it out I am sure you will love it.
I am amazed by this movie - I have never ever seen anything before that touched me this much. Being unable to get the picture out of my head, it has changed my view on fugitives and those who do their out-most to help. First of all, it has changed my perspective on life, thank you for that!!! Secondly it is now perfectly clear to me, why Ms Jolie has chosen to adopt children from Etiophia and Cambodia. I strongly recommend everybody see this movie - when my children are old enough, they will definitely be forced to watch it too. What a great movie and a shining star of an actress!
This show was absolutely addictive, the storyline was perfect, the acting was perfect and the characters were so unbelievably unrealistic I thought I was watching a recording of real life. It was perfectly cast and set in the right setting (1980's). It would've most definitely been a dominate television show if not been canceled, but the only bad part would be that long depressing state between seasons when all i can think about is more Freaks & Geeks. My older brother said that i watch stupid shows and i had him watch Freaks & Geeks and couldn't get him to stop watching them. For everyone who ever lived, this is, to put it simply, the best.
I love movies and this is one of my all time favorites. I think Bob Hoskins is one of the most underrated actors of all time. The movie is incredibly entertaining to watch and interestingly enough it marks the beginning of Pierce Brosnan's career (pool scene). The characters are fascinating especially Harold. It is also very interesting to observe him as his grip upon his gangster empire on brink of creating a partnership across the Atlantic slips through his fingers because of a mistake. In the final scene Bob Hoskins does an awe inspiring job of relaying all the emotion and anguish without saying a single word. Fantastic. I highly recommend that everyone see this movie.
Tom is playing a round of pool, and cheating if I might add, not knowing that Jerry is sleeping in one of the pockets, when Tom sinks a ball into said pocket crushing Jerry, a game of hilarious cat and mouse antics begin once again. This animated short has a great setup, funny gags, and a superb ending. What more could one really ask for from the comedic duo? Highly recommended for fans of Tom and Jerry both old and new. You are sure to be delighted by the wacky hijinks. I guarantee it. This cartoon can be found on disc two of the Spotlight collection DVD of "Tom & Jerry" My Grade: A
Imagine what this show could have done if it were picked up by the idiots that run the CW. I watch the pilot over and over on iTunes simply because I like to imagine that maybe one day it will take off. And Justin brought new life to the Aquaman character. Seeing him on Smallville as the Green Arrow was mildly satisfying, but not enough. I Want More. I want to see the story line evolve as it should have and get more of those 10.0+ special effects. They were excellent for a television show. Pray for a miracle that some one with more interest in bringing it to television does so. If only...
The Untouchables is a horrible movie. David Mamet wrote the script but one couldn't tell unless reading the credits. It lacks Mamets natural flare, that great dialogue and those undertones that made Mamet who he is. I wont get into the historical aspect of the movie sufficive to say there is little. The direction of this movie is crap. Needless to say it was Brian DePalma. He focuses more on the costumes, cars, and scenery of the movie than the acting or script. The best moments in this movie were improvised by Connery (ie. the dead guy shot) and the rest could have been written by anybody who has ever been to a screen writing class.
I have seen this movie two time thus far. I plan on seeing it a couple more times. I am bringing all of the people that I can possibly get to come. The last show we had 15 people in our group. go to the website and see the trailer and share it with everyone you can. It is an insightful and intelligent documentary that investigates the relation of the Bible and Homosexuality. It is well filmed and has a lot of incredibly moving stories from several Christian families with Gay children. I promise that if you have ever wondered what the Bible Really says about Homosexuality, this movie is a must see.
"Day of the Dead", the 3rd of the Candyman movies, is really just the first two movies put together. Sometimes the special effects look kinda cheap. But you have to remember the movie didn't cost that much and was shot in three weeks.Tony Todd is good as Candyman and seems even more evil than he was in the last two movies.Even though the movie is less scary than the other two, Todd himself is still as frightening as before.The movies story is good, probably one the best ever in a horror movie."Day of the Dead" isn't on level with "Farewell to the Flesh",and it sure doesn't stand up to the original"Candyman", but nevertheless its worth watching.
Love this movie,just saw it at our Gay & Lesbian Film Festival here in Wellington.Love the story and it is a movie that should go to general release.Music good,Story awesome and I really don't think people can get offended by the story line.It is just a great love story. I would have like to got more of the recipes,they were wonderful. Managed to get the DVD from England so will be playing every night.Soundtrack is wonderful as well,so will be keeping the eye out for that. Thank you for finally getting the film to the screen.Only took the director 5 years to get someone to fund it.unbelievable.Keep up the good work and looking for more. Chris
I saw this film on DVD. Really creepy stuff. I couldn't help wondering why it was so creepy. First, the music is very eerie. And also the visual, with very strange colors, almost candy-like. The actor looks like a french Robert Downey junior. This film could have been made as an animation. It's so detailed with fantasy and fairy tales themes. It's worth taking a look at it. I've never seen a film quite like this before. The story is very bizarre, a tailor going on a mad rampage! The kid who plays in the film is very cute and a pretty good actor. The film reminded me of a lynch/ Gilliam atmosphere with strange characters.
This was just weird Maybe something got wrong when they transformed it from play to manuscript for this didn't work at all. Everybody just acts weird, and I am not sure if it was the characters that were stoned or the script writer/director... crap 2/10 watched it once, giving away the DVD... and Guy Pearce: What is he trying to do? A nerve damaged weirdo or a drug addict? want 10 lines 10 lines of text I am singing in the rain just singing in the rain what do you want to use these crappy rules for ? Short comments should be OK too, especially for crappy movies
In trying to jumpstart itself, this movie is somewhat heavy handed at the beginning, taking one notably big and questionable dramatic risk, but gains power slowly and turns into something of a monumental mini-epic with John Payne's changes of hair coloring registering his slow and merciless journey toward a godless end...what a performance, but it's not as good as Gloria McGehee's as the unwanted wife Lorry - which is about as good as you'll ever see from an actress on screen, period. Also great is Robin Morse as Johnny the Organization Man, a wonderful low key performance...where has this movie been all our lives? It's powerful, at times difficult to watch, brutal, and worth the ride.
I think this movie, for what it is and when it was made, is a very good effort. I think it tries to be better than it is, and with a bigger budget and a higher certificate rating (i.e. if it were remade now) would be really good. There were scenes in it that i thought wanted to show the brutality of a post-apocalyptic society but stopped short of fully doing it. The character of the psychopathic Gideon Hayes played by Kevin King was thoroughly unconvincing because he looked like a 12-year old more suited to "Lord of the Flies". This movie is memorable and worth a watch. A good candidate for a remake.
Absolutely my favorite film. It bombed, but I loved it.. People who rip on this film have no imagination what so ever. Im glad they wasted there time seeing this movie, hell it got watched didnt it? If you know back in 1985 if you saw this movie in the theater i want to hear your comments about the day you saw it, what night, location, and how people reacted to it. If you saw a TV ad or newspaper for this film, Im interesed in knowing any facts you may have. Keep in mind, your personal thoughts about it are already stated here at IMDB, I already know how you feel. Thanks -pete
One of the all time great nostalgia films presents a bigger than life look back to the early 60s. Its hard to view this movie 20-20 given the widely viewed subsequent series Happy Days which, while excellent, lacked the excitement and charm offered in the film. The soundtrack is wonderful and the Wolfman clearly demonstrates that a good voice can be hit you more directly than visuals given that you don't see it coming. I would have preferred it if Lucas has continued in this direction rather than become overly enamored with special effects in his subsequent films. Harrison Ford was fine as a young actor, although his acting skills did develop considerably in later years.
At first I wasn't sure this movie was going to be much. Prepared to give it a mediocre score, partially to just be nice since it contained work from big names like Robert Redford and Ben Kingsley (who's names didn't appear on the credits on the outside of the package) and more. But this movie did sneak in and grab my attention with it's subtle draw. These people are computer experts, Redfords character is blackmailed because of his past, into doing some work for the government. The task is retrieving a black box, that isn't your run of the mill black box like what is found in air planes, this one has a very powerful secret.
I had never knew that this Silly Symphony was Donald Duck's first theatrical appearance as well as for his voice-artist Clarence "Ducky" Nash too; and besides, I love Donald Duck, along with Mickey Mouse, his canine pal Pluto (which is unusual, because I am a cat-lover) and Chip n' Dale. This Silly Symphony is adapted from "The Little Red Hen" fable, and I know that story well; I love it whenever the Wise Little Hen says: "Will you help me plant my corn? Will you help me plant my corn?" And Donald and Peter Pig would say in this cartoon: "Who? me?! oh no! I've got a belly ache!" (that was great timing).
This film was just about perfect. My main complaint would be that it was not long enough. It is right up there with The Decline of Western Cilvilization: The Metal years and VH1's 4 part series on Metal. If you like punk, then you would enjoy American HardCore as well. The cool thing about these documentaries is that having grown up when most of these sounds were just kicking in, you get to relive the excitement and fill in a great deal of blanks about what happened behind the scenes. Sam's next film should be out soon: Global Metal. I look forward to that one as well. The more music documentaries the better!!!!
Interesting film about a young college coed who becomes involved with a young man who has connections that extend well into the underworld and who only needs the right book to unleash them. Sandra Dee in a surprisingly sexy role as the young student and Les Baxter's very nice soundtrack just about save an effort where the actual film doesn't do justice to its title. Nonetheless the production design creates creepy atmosphere especially in the seaside alter where Dee is nearly undressed while Stockwell prepares her for the arrival of Satan himself. And there is a certain amount of imagination involved in the film that combines a nice mixture of classic horror themes with hip sensibilities.
This is a story about a man who discovers an evil plot and risks everything to thwart the scheme. He opposes the ultimate "establishment" and is weighed and found wanting when the time comes to take the final step to expose the ruling classes' determination to keep the lower class lower and the super upper class on top. After all his risks and frustrations and dangers the invisible powers that "be" casually regain the upper hand as if nothing has happened and once again it is business as usual. The movie is a powerful subliminal civics lesson for young people. The antithesis is another Marlon Brando movie titled "Burn." I suggest you see that one also.
Ok, here it is: the plot: Father Tyrone. An ex-street-thug, now turned priest, is the main suspect in a murdercase, in which a girl gets killed by a mad painter. The police can't find any other suspects, and Father Tyrone is in trouble. He then tries to solve the case all by himself, and the police follow him around. Fun to see Dourif as the main character, and even as a genuine good guy!.. And some of the paintings were quite good actually, but I got bored of seeing too many frontally nude strippers, which I thought spoiled the movie a bit.. but it is worth watching, if you like art and/or Dourif kicking ass!
I saw this movie last night when it opened. I am a musician with 18 years of training and currently still finishing my training on the collegiate level. I thought this movie brought across some of the most wonderful aspects of music. Including the ability to produce music without knowledge of the standard conventions typically used. This is how I broke into music just by improvisation without any knowledge or technical skills yet making what I felt into music. The soundtrack is phenomenal as well and mixes new music with the standards of the classical and romantic music eras. I absolutely agree with Robin William's quote " Music is the harmonic connection between all living beings"
At the time this game came out, it was pretty cutting-edge. It combined a filmed storyline with a space simulator. It was leaps above Wing Commander 1 and 2, old VGA games. Plus it was one of the first games to take advantage of the real life video technology offered by the CD-ROM's arrival. Now-a-days it wouldn't seem so great, but back then it was phenomenal, especially for die-hard Wing Commander (WC) fans. WC 4 and Prophecy both use the basic game play setup developed in WC 3, largely due to its success. Another popular feature is the ability to choose different paths through the game, along with different difficulty levels. All around a great game.
wow.this depiction of the Spanish-American war,and one particular American regiment,took my breath away.there may be some historical liberties taken,but who cares.this TV mini series was outstanding.the battle scenes were something to behold.John Milius directed and co-wrote this movie.he also wrote several episodes of the TV series Rome.the acting her is first rate.Tom Berenger plays Theodore Roosevelt(before he became President)who led the regiment.Sam Elliot plays Capt.Bucky O'Neil,Gary Busey plays Gen.Joseph' Fighting Joe' Wheeler.also in the cast are Illeana Douglas as Edith Roosevelt,and Chris Noth.there are many others in the cast and all are superb.this movie is about 3 hours long,but it doesn't feel like that at all.this is one of the best war movies i have seen.9/10
First don't be turned off by what you see when you Goolge search this Anime title. The show is very well done. Even though there is a tone of violence (I'm talking extreme R rated gore) and nudity (not sex related) the show is very well done. If you are knew to anime this is also a good show. It is more 'down to Earth' then most other anime. Not having magic, flying, super heroes in space, etc. Though some imagination is required. Again don't be turned off by what you see when you search on Google Image, the show is very deep and well done. The Enlgish voice acting is well done also.
Herzog has worked a masterpiece here... In a similar endeavor to Aguirre, Fata Morgana and Nosferatu, Herzog has captured the grotesque absurdity of contemporary man and made it beautiful. He has begun creating the images essential to man's survival - those necessary for man to escape the inarticulacy in face of our modern times. The images in this film are not about war nor the atrocities of war. They are rather offering man - who is void of adequate images - a set of images with which he may begin to understand. To understand the complexities and the fundamental basis of these complexities for which at present, his language is fundamentally insufficient. Chapeau Werner!
I read in the 'trivia' section of this website that Joan Crawford and Pat Hingle were both interested in portraying Constance MacKenzie. I think Pat Hingle would have been an interesting choice for that pivotal role. He and Mike Rossi would have set the screen afire in their lovemaking scenes together. Joan Crawford would have been too old for the part. But Pat Hingle seems just the right age. Few people remember how he oozed with almost feral sexuality back in the 50s. If they ever remake "Peyton Place" I hope they reconsider having Pat Hingle play Constance. I think he was born for the part. All he'd need is a little rouge and some pancake.
I'm a big fan of Christopher Guest and his movies. For Your Consideration doesn't deserve any consideration. What a waste of time! Rather than viewing For Your Consideration, watch any other of his wonderful movies for the first or hundredth time and spend an enjoyable evening. The characters are all flat and uninspired. The comedy is weak, tired, and very far from being fresh. It was all so predictable and boring. I was so very disappointed. While many others walked out of the theater, I hung on hoping it would improve. It didn't. It is one of those films where you find yourself checking your watch to see how much more must be endured.
The subject matter of this film is hilariously familiar, the story is bizarre and the relationships between the characters are believable, complex and well-written. On one level it's a superb comedy, but it also works as a drama. It was a pleasant surprise as I had no idea what to expect when I went to see it. I will be recommending 'GamerZ' to people for a long time to come. I would recommend this film to anybody who enjoyed 'Napoleon Dynamite'. It's got a similar geeky charm, great dialogue and the pace never lags. It's a funny, bittersweet film about the small things in life, things which seem like a big deal when they happen.
Jack Sparrow, Ledger Joker, Guru Pitka They were serious enough in their goals, but also they never took a path with the same seriousness. It is a very clear message, because Life is Hard. They all like to do tough jokes, even in difficult moments. This may look like foolishness, but maybe these characters realized that work is best done if people can refocus their concerns. If you recall, instead of receiving the best answer to an specific problem, they bring a very funny alternative that can make us free our worries. Was Guru Pitka's morbidity level high? Those were jokes! "but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose" as Eminem said.
"Beneath Still Waters" has an interesting premise, but fails miserably on all levels, making it in effect, terribly boring. While the three leads give decent attempts of depicting characters you care about, their attempts do not pay off. The story plods along at an unbelievably slow pace, and the film is plagued by a terrible score and bad computer generated images. "Beneath Still Waters", with its misleading tag-line of 'Fear Rises' should not even be classified as a horror (or b-grade horror) because it is simply not scary. Oh, and the film is majorly distracting because there are an unbelievable amount of different accents in the film when really there is no need for that many.
"Are You Ready for Marriage?" is enough to make anyone want to remain single. It portrays a pair of tensed-up teens going to some weirdo to ask whether or not they should tie the knot. This is the sort of movie that you can probably only find on "MST3K", as Mike, Servo and Crow had fun ripping it apart. And the weird adviser? He looked like a cross between Dick Van Dyke and Fred Gwynne. In my opinion, Dick Van Dyke and Fred Gwynne had every right to sue the people behind this movie, just for making them look embarrassing. In conclusion, the movie by itself is 0/10, but the "MST3K" version is 10/10.
I'd give it a zero if I could. Thank goodness I didn't rent this (saw it on TV). The bloatedly egotistical writer/director, who's way too in love with his Harvard degree, wasted a decent idea by creating one-dimensional characters and then casting with second-rate actors -- none of whom is a complex-enough/bright-enough person or skilled-enough actor to convince viewers that they're Harvard students or instructors -- who turned in one-dimensional performances. I can only imagine that he was jumping on the youth bandwagon and thus cast some of the names of the moment, but he would have done better had he gone with unknowns who are actually gifted. Utter waste of time; do not watch this.
Well this is a movie from the classroom but still better than the other 1000 coming out of the same class room. Never knew Harvey was such a decent actor.The buddy scenes keep reminding me of some movies but cant recollect which ones.The actress Bethune puts up a marvelous performance. The character names are like hand picked (J.R,gaga,...) The guy who plays Joey looks a familiar character in the Italian American movies.Some tries to provide some comic relief ...... Overall a movie which can show the progress of a great director.... The DVD I bought had a documentary on how the movie was done and school projects during 1962,that was a bit interesting. Overall a 7/10.....
This game is proof that games, like movies and books, can be considered works of art. The characters are amazing. Each and every one of them seems real. There are so many of them. They are all unique. The settings are so imaginative. The story is compelling. I've never played a game where I really cared about what was happening, until I played this. Played is too unflattering of a word. Experienced would be better. The voice acting is incredible. It's an epic game. The Wizard of Oz of games. The game has been around for over a year now. It should be available really cheap. I highly recommend tracking it down. You won't be sorry.
Disputing the world title of chess, sit down in chairs opposite two soviets. However, none of the two is Russian: one of them, the champion, is Jewish. The other, the challenger, is a Lithuanian, political exile that is refugee in another country. This game will be a mirror of the Cold War: each movement is dangerous, each play is strategically important. Who is the best? The communist Jew, obedient to the Soviet state, or the Lithuanian traitor, enemy of the proletarian revolution? A beautiful end, where the game in itself has, for both, a larger importance than the world title and they consequences. A good film, with reasonable tension, great representative of the rare Swiss movies.
Being a big Thora Birch fan, and seeing this DVD at FYE for $12, I figured it'd be worth a look. I thought Thora's scene was freaking hilarious... the poem was Shakespeare-esque. I also thought Dominique Swain was pretty good in her lead role... but the producer, Nicholas Loeb, was putridly pathetic. Were they so over-budget that he HAD to cast himself? And in the lead male role! I couldn't stand watching him. I thought anyone could be an actor. I was wrong. Still, because of the interesting plot, Thora's amazing scene, Swain's good acting, and my ability to chuckle at Loeb every other scene, I gave it a pretty high ranking in my book.
Frankly, I don't understand the people who reviewed this film as terrible. This movie is not one of the greats that will go down in history, but it is certainly not terrible. In my opinion, if you like the genre, you should like this movie. In addition, if you enjoy searching out inter-movie references, you should enjoy this movie. There are many scenes obviously intended to be homages to other well known action films. The characters are shallow compared to some of the messages the film seems to wish to convey, but the film is fast-paced entertainment that has plenty for fans of "run and gun" movies. I rate this movie 8/10 in it's genre.
This film made a huge impact on me when I saw it as a child. The relationship between the two protagonists was realistically portrayed and helped me have a more mature attitude to love and the sacrifices it may involve, as I was growing up. The beautiful songs 'Sunshine on my Shoulders' and 'My Sweet Lady' (sung by John Denver) stayed with me long after the film vanished off circuit. Many images from the film persist in my memory too. It was an authentic representation of the effect of a terminal disease on loved ones, and although a tear-jerker, ended with hope. I also learned that cats can sense death - a useful fact I guess.
I thought this film would be good but after seeing it i was disappointed. I don't think it was educational in any way (people know about aids) and was full full of the usual superior western comments (teaching the rest of the world a lesson kind of stuff) and there really didn't seem to be any point to the film!, if it had just been a good story with the nice scenery and cinematography it would have been much better!. The acting was pretty good but i'm basing my rating on the film as whole and not on the individual elements. But don't take my word for it, watch it and judge for yourself.
First, the bottom line: "Outsourced" is a fantastic film, that deserves a wide Hollywood release despite the lack of a celebrity actor. Why? It's just that good. Finally a feel good film about something almost nobody in the U.S. feels good about: outsourcing. I saw "Outsourced" at its debut at the Cinequest film festival in San Jose, and the audience response was simply overwhelming. It's funny, smart, romantic and manages to do all of this while teaching Americans valuable lessons about life in a globalized world. GO SEE THIS FILM! My overly-optimistic prediction is "Outsourced" will be the next "Big Fat Greek Wedding"...if Hollywood manages to look past the lack of a big-name actor. -M. Bigler
I watched the movie, not by choice and I liked it! Though parts of the movie at times had that B flick actor/actress quality, it did have a unique plot. I also started searching for the soundtrack and have been unsuccessful. Though Deborah Falconer has released an cd entitled: Brave Like Me with a song titiled (CD Release Date: 7/22/2003): "Show of Hands", it is not the same song as in the movie. I would appreciate any comments or links to a site that offers to sale the Sparkler soundtrack. Or, I would be willing to buy a copy from anyone interested offering? "Show of Hands" Written by Deborah Falconer Performed by Deborah Falconer
I saw Hellbent at the San Francisco Frameline Film Festival. The Castro Theatre was packed with applauding, foot-stomping enthusiasts. And I was one of them. Hellbent is a great ride, even for people who don't ordinarily go for the horror/thriller genre. It isn't content to simply deliver our expectations of the genre. It surprises us as well. The characters (a group of young gay men celebrating Halloween in West Hollywood)are well-drawn and likable. It serves up plenty of scares, but it also has a sense of humor which keeps the tone light and fun. The guys look great, the soundtrack rocks, the pace never falters, and the climax--lame in so many horror/thrillers--is a real edge-of-your-seat thrill.
This so called gay slasher horror film is non of the 3. It is so darkly lit & with constant facial close-ups,you cannot tell what is happening. SPOILER ALERT, as soon as I saw one guy in flamboyant Drag & a cute young guy, I felt that they would be victims, It was also filmed in West Hollywood, It sure did not look like the West Hollywood I know so well. I feel sorry for those that spent $ 11:00 or more on this in the theatres. I saw this on NETFLIX so my cost was very reasonable * 1/2 out of 4 36 points out of 11 2 IMDb
It's good sometimes to be reminded we need low budget indie films to tell us warm, genuinely human stories. Despite poor production values wonderful performances shine through here. Most notable is Bill Henderson giving the performance of his life. Mainstream films offer so few strong emotional roles to the elderly (as opposed to pap like The Crew or Space Cowboys) that it's nice to see Bill shine. When I saw the premier screening at Toronto International Film Festival it received 3 standing ovations, one especially for Henderson, who was overwhelmed with joy to receive it. I look forward to this film coming to town again so I can see it a second time after post-production.
They sounded like someone was playing some shoot-em-up game! Toby is trying to get away from Hong Kong and with some sort of a turbo mechanism built in his chest making him quite invincible he manages to escape through a lot of plots in order to reach some buyers in USA wanting the turbo-drive machine. Some poor idiot named Malik is sitting in a bar thinking his life can NOT get any worse and then Toby just pops by to make him realize he thought wrong. Excellent action scenes, good comedy and I don't think I have seen Mark Dacascos ever been in so many great fight scenes before. Worth a watch 8 out of 10!
Solid, underrated thriller about murder and the domino effect of lies. Demi Moore stars as Cynthia Kellogg, a woman caught in the middle when her best friend (played by Glenne Headly) murders her jerk of a husband -- or so it seems. Great performances and intriguing plot twists and turns help elevate this forgotten effort from director Alan Rudolph (Breakfast of Champions, Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle). Moore and Willis (who went on to marry after reportedly meeting on this film) are particularly effective. Mortal Thoughts is made all the more memorable in that it constantly asks the viewer what he or she would do in the strenuous situations in which the characters find themselves.
"Tomorrow is Yesterday" is the second episode that deals with a time-travel premise. In this episode, a space anomaly sends the Enterprise to the 20th Century Earth, and Kirk and his crew try to go back to the future without altering the past. Of course, all sort of complications arise. Not as good as the later "City on the Edge of Forever", but well made and interesting. It is actually very similar to the feature length movie "The Voyage Home (1986)". Like most shows that deal with time-travel, the story does not make much sense, but this show is an excellent example of how far the series had come in a relatively short time. Very enjoyable.
This is a beautifully made movie which brings Michael Winterbottom back to similar territory explored in his first two, and best movies. It's saubject matter and acting are wonderfully naturalistic, but it's cinematogrphic style owes more, with it's constantly moving camera and exquisite use of filters that make Lambeth appear more beautiful than it could ever do in reality, to the movies of Wong-kar Wai. It's the sort of movie that would be demeaned by having it's plot explained, like trying to explain Beethoven's Ninth symphony to a deaf person in sign language. Actaully, it's so beautiful visually and it's humanism is so deep that a deaf person might enjoy it. Please go and see it.
Early on, I made the Woody Allen connection, thinking to myself, "This beautiful woman sees herself as a Woody-Allen-Nebbish-Type." Incredible! And, sex, sex, sex, everywhere there is sex, just like in real life. And also, just like in Woody Allen movies! Thought her take on seeing sex from the American (prudish) point of view and seeing it from the French (free and easy) point of view was interesting and funny. Weaving a smart plot and clever one-liners together was quite brilliant, too. (Ala Woody Allen!) I agree that Delpy did a great job on this movie and that it's something she and her family should be very proud of. She created a real work of art.
When I went to the première of Carandiru, last movie of Hector Babenco (see "Pixote"), I have got great expectations. I have read the Drausio Varella's book "Estação Carandiru" (Carandiru Station) and, of course, I knew the ado caused by the real event portrayed in book and movie. Carandiru is the biggest penitentiary in South America, a complex with more than 7,000 inmates. Friday, October 2nd, 1992 was a dog day in the cells. In a facility known as "Pavilhão 9" took place a manslaughter where 111 cons lost their lives. Very close to a documentary, this movie shows what we desperately try to hide, the problem of torture and violence which stains our penal system.
My brother and I saw this movie late on Cinemax one night five or so years ago. Since then they haven't replayed it. Also no one we have ever talked to has ever heard of it. It is a B-movie but it is really good. It's one of the few movies I have seen that has ever scared me. I wasn't as much scared as I was one the edge of my seat. The Evil Dead's are the only other films that I have ever felt this way before. Well I just thought I would post this and if you have seen please respond because I would love to know me and brother are not alone.
So much of what passes for movie entertainment nowadays is hard to digest, and it's hard to fathom why anyone would have spent money to produce it. One goes to the video store and has to comb through aisle after aisle of violent, gory, immodest, indecent trash... and then you find a movie like this. The cinematography alone would make this movie worth watching. Add a beautiful musical score, some very fine acting, and a captivating plot, and you have a rare experience... a movie with heart, that entertains, and which even delivers a message without being cloying or overbearing. This movie is a must see if you're looking for something better than the average offering.
I found this sitcom to be pretty funny. Thats mostly because of Berg who is just funny as hell. The rest of the cast was OK and Sharon was hot. What I really didn't like was Pete. I found the character really annoying and I noticed a serious contrast between his behaviour in some episodes than in the rest of them. Also I thought that the actor Richard Ruccolo was clearly overacting, thus making his role less realistic. I enjoyed watching the show especially the 2nd season which filled my boring hours during summer. Its not as good as friends but its a good choice and should be watched by anyone who likes standard funny sitcoms
Apparently filmed with a budget comparable to a fifth-grader's allowance, this baby pulls out all the stops. We have "nails" that are clearly rubber stuck to "dead people" who are clearly breathing and a killer that miraculously puts on forty pounds and appears to change gender when "unmasked." Throw in many horribly cheesy comments from the killer and you have one amusing film-going experience. While the film is clearly not Shakespearean, it is highly amusing and the many incongruities/not-so-special effects in the film will keep you laughing throughout. I could think of worse ways to pass ninety minutes (namely a Barbara Streisand movie or anything with Mel Gibson in it). A strong 8/10 rating from me.
This show premiered last night on tbs and at first i thought it was just gonna be a new show with no point. Boy was i wrong. 10 Items or Less is a funny and smart show with lots of potential. The acting is also great and funny. The actors they picked are great at there job. I have only seen one episode so i don't no all that much about the show but from what I've seen, it will be great! I hope this show's not cancelled cause from what I've seen, ill probably be watching this show a lot. For everybody out there that likes this show, you ROCK!
One can never forget the desperate attempts at surviving the solitary confinement portrayed by the vastly talented Steve McQueen. Equally brilliant was the indomitable Dustin Hoffman as Luis Dega, the counterfeiter. The settings and location truly match the descriptions as described in the book written by the father-of-all-survivors Henri Charriere. The DVD version contains a short film of Henri revisiting the prison where he was living for most of his life seeking to escape, just to prove a point to his captors. Altogether, a film that is a must-watch for all lovers of classic cinema. Best watched at 2:00pm in the afternoon after a light lunch on a Sunday afternoon with your favorite brand of beer.
i really liked the movie. although there is one thing that i still don't understand very well. my question is about the end so if you haven't seen it don't read this.... alright everything that involved Julie was her imagination just the story for the book. but she met Julie right. so how come in the end when she passes by Julie they don't even look at each other as if they haven't met..... if someone could explain me it would be very helpful. my other interpretation is that she didn't even go to France and everything including the space (house and the swimming pool) was created by her. but that doesn't make much sense. thanks
Like many people, I grew up "Loving" Annette Funicello. This wonderul movie has so many treats besides her biography. It depicts life in the 50's in Hollywood - Walt Disney's discovery of Annette, the making of the Mickey Mouse Club, a young Paul Anka, Frankie Avalon, and later Frankie Avalon & Shelly Fabares playing their adult selves. Most of all, the film has such "heart" and is so moving & inspiring as Annette discovers and deals with her MS disease. Hopefully soon the film will go to DVD and some or all of the profits will help with the fight of this disease. If you are lucky enough to catch it on TV - tape it!!
I taped this masterpiece from the TV about 3 to 4 years ago and I have probably seen it maybe 15 to 20 times. Each time I see it, more and deeper messages come to me about the real message that this movie portrays. This film is now 75 years old and I say one thing, it gives the movies of today one good run for their money. Look at the special effects that could and were done with less than maybe a quarter of the equipment that we have today. I even like this version of the Thief of Bagdad more than the 1940 version!!! It is that exciting!!!
I was an avid watcher of the television show Popular since its debut and followed it until the end. It was grossly unappreciated and not given the time on the air it deserved. Not only was it ahead of its time (the antics of Mary Cherry are some of the funniest scenes I have ever seen on television), but it was a true homage to teen life in the late nineties. It tackled every issue on any teen's mind: sex, popularity (or lack thereof), alcoholism, step-siblings, eating disorders, racism, adoption, poverty, pregnancy, cheating, etc. and accomplished it with comedy and heart. AMAZING SHOW. I suggest anyone who comes across the DVD set to purchase it immediately.
I didn't expect this movie to be this good knowing nothing about it. Kim Novak is not the bitch that Barbara Stanwyck is, but the most beautiful actress on the movie screen and shy way about her that was truly sensuous. No matter who the leading man in her movies was, you just felt the helplessness of them being totally enthralled with this soft, sensuous, unbelievable sex goddess, for lack of another original description. This is only the second movie I seen Fred MacMurray in (no my three sons here) besides Double Indemnity and his performance is very good here also,... just as Double Indemnity... I found myself hoping he would get away with it!
This is a fairly tight little thriller, a good but not quite good enough film noir to be counted among the classics. While it owes a lot to "Double Indemnity" and foreshadows "Rear Window," it just doesn't rise to their memorable level. Fred MacMurray offers an eerily familiar, though less inspired, repeat of his performance in the Wilder classic; Kim Novak (in her first film) is no match for Stanwyck, nor did she ever become one; Richard Quine simply was not as fine a director as Hitchcock or Wilder. And yet, it's a pretty good bit of entertainment, recommended to those who appreciate the genre as a whole rather than merely a short list of classics.
The comment from the person who saw this as an 8 year old certainly brought back memories for me. I must have seen this film at least three times during the pre-TV days of Saturday morning special programs for children. If you've ever sat in a theater packed with eight to twelve year olds all bawling their eyes out together, you know it is something you'll never forget. I was able to find a VHS of the movie in later years and was astonished to find how charming the picture is on the adult level as well. Kudos, hugs, and kisses to anyone still alive who helped put it together.
After being introduced to this series shortly after it came out I've taped this and shown the entire series to two women, who also loved it. Of course this was a natural for me after studying Latin for five years (but classical Latin literature pretty much ends with Virgil and the early Augustan age) I'm not one who normally notices good acting, only bad acting, but Jacobi (and, really, the entire cast) was brilliant. Sian Phillips is a portrait of pure evil A gripping tale that will engage you to the end. The worst that can be said of this is that it is a classy soap opera. Read the books!
This was a fun movie. It's not to be taken seriously, and anyone who does will be disappointed. It's supposed to be a humorous take on the Trabbi and East/West Germany. Lighten up, folks. If you really know what's going on, you'll appreciate the subtle jokes more. I'd MUCH rather watch this again than Eurotrip, which was just a blatant take on American's view of Europe. Driving Me Crazy was refreshing and silly with mild historical undertones. Please, give this film a chance. I really enjoyed it and the people I showed it to did as well. This is a good movie to show a German class for a fun movie day or something.
I agreed completely with Robiep's review. I too saw it/ own it on DVD. I got it in a 20-movie "Mean Guns" westerns 5-DVD set. It was a sight-unseen purchase which has turned out to be a VERY good purchase. A lot of rare "gems" were in this movie set. And Joshua I felt is Definitely a excellent Fred Williamson film & western! Fred Williamson is an amazing actor & writer. Many have said that "Joshua" is not an "original" plot or idea. While that may be true, (Some of the scenes we have seen in many a western) I felt they were handled from every original angles. ***SPOILER ALLERT*** The "rattlesnake" scene is hilarious!!
This movie is the best. It will keep you laughing through the whole movie. Adam is really great. But to me the funniest guy was Ben Stiller, the guy in charge of the old folks home. When he is alone with Gramma you know he will keep the laughs coming throughout this film. If you don't think this is really a good movie see it again and notice a whole bunch of little things. They are really funny. Even Shooter Mc'Gavin is a hoot. But the funniest part of the whole movie is what happens between Happy and Bob Barker. I won't tell you what but trust me, you won't be disapointed with the result. 8/10
Of all the "lizard" movies this was the only one that scared the cheese out of me, having first viewed it when I was eight years old in 1963! The close up shots of the Behemoth were quite effective & scary. Looking back, my fave scene was the two car thieves being tossed into the Thames in their stolen car by Behemoth! Just desserts!! I'd love to see a remake of this movie using the same type dinosaur with today's modern fx!! Finally, with today's concern about radioactive waste & it's effect on the enviorment, this film was fifty years ahead of it's time!! The beginning showed the detonation of several atomic bombs in the Pacific.
Oh My God, I liked this movie soo much! Really, ''South Park:Bigger Longer & Uncut''is hilarious,and only people who doesn't have any sense of humor are not going to appreciate it! The story itself does not have much sense, but who cares? The songs are so funny (specially Terrance and Philiph's one) and we have great scenes, like Saddam Hussein and the Devil fighting because of sexual problems, or all the students who are classmates of Eric, Kyle, Stan and Kenny saying lots, but LOTS of cursed words! Like all South Park's episodes, we have a critic inside the joke: in this movie's case, is to criticize mainly the hypocrite north American society, among other things.
An awesomely powerful look at the divide between social classes in the US circa 1950 culminating in the transformation of law-abiding citizens into a violent, blood-thirsty mob bent on taking the law into their own hands. The mass psychology of mob violence couldn't be better portrayed. I have no idea how this truly moving film could have fallen into obscurity. It's message that violence never resolves conflict is as painfully current today as it was in 1950. Will we never learn from the past? One of the darkest Noir films I've seen. Generates a successive waterfall of emotions spanning the spectrum of human experiences, needs and drives. Well acted and well worth watching. Very highly recommended.
Circumstances force a playboy and artist to date a teenager who has a crush on him. It plays like a situation comedy, which is not surprising because it was written by Sheldon, who would go on to create TV sitcoms. What is surprising is that Sheldon won an Oscar for his screenplay. While it is pleasant enough, it never rises to the level one would expect given the star presence. Grant and Loy are the main attractions here and they do what they can with characters that are not very well drawn. It is described as a screwball comedy but there aren't enough laughs. Perhaps a director like Howard Hawks could have done more with it.
I've already watched this episode twice, and love it. It's great to see the creators still know how to have some fun with these characters...especially the interplay between Brass and Doc Robbins. My favorite, by far, has to be casting James Whitmore (see also The Shawshank Redemption, Them!, several episodes of The Twilight Zone, and the narration of Ken Burns' Lewis & Clark documentary, among many other credits) as the old man no-one takes seriously. I know it's not the exact line, but when, after completing the "I Shot an Arrow Into the Air" poem, Sara tells him to "Keep the Faith," I was almost hoping for her to call him Brooks - again see Shawshank.
Oh my, what a wonderful movie. Hollywood is known for churning out a lot of sentimental mush that's supposed to pass for romance. But, thankfully, this is not one of those movies. In this movie the main characters, the bodyguard and the lady he is hired to protect, are likable and have a relationship that develops into something really beautiful and special. Moreover, the story is plausible and the movie is well-acted too, with Whitney Houston turning in an outstanding performance reminiscent of Diana Ross's in Lady Sings the Blues (which is another great movie). If you want to watch a movie with good acting and an engaging story, then this is the movie to watch.
You tell me that this is good comedy? It may be so, if you accept that acting like a stupid moron, trying your a** out to make people laugh, may be called some sort of comedy, maybe. But we are talking about cinema, not some street circus. This is a plot less piece of crap filled with cheap jokes, bad acting...in fact everything in this "thing" is so bad, I can't even dare to call it a movie it may be inspired from Romanian reality, so what? I may take a picture of a dog crapping and will be equally better, I may even call it a metaphoric and elitist movie... Sad, very sad
Little Jerusalem is an amazing film about a family of Orthodox Jews living in Paris. The best reason to see this film is Fanny Valette. I think Fanny Valette may be one of the greatest actresses ever. Seeing her in this film was like seeing Brad Pitt for the first time in 'Cool World'. Although I hated, hated, hated 'Cool World', the second Brad Pitt appeared I knew he was going to be a major, major star. I felt the same way about Russell Crowe in 'Romper Stomper' as well. All I can say is brush up on your English Ms. Valette, because Hollywood is going to be pounding down your door any second now.
This film shows the enormous struggle that the suffrage movement faced and the amazing dedication that women such as Alice Paul and Lucy Burns used to finally win women the right to vote. The movie features tremendous performances by Hillary Swank and Julia Ormond, as well as many others. A modern soundtrack and editing style make the film feel less like a far-removed historical piece and more like an inspirational story that mirrors the work of activists dedicated to their causes in any time period. As a volunteer with Rock the Vote I owe the women depicted in this film, as well as everyone involved in making the movie, a great debt. Highly recommended!
This docu-drama provides a wonderful story of the right-to-vote movement early last century, but whoever selected the anachronistic music soundtrack has to be taken out and shot. The idea is to show what it was like in 1900-1920 period, and the production shots and camera work do a fine job; but why in the world do we need rock'n'roll music to offer a major distraction to the film? This really made watching the movie at times repugnant. And the director and editor decided to do some fancy, techno editing effects, which further removed the film from the proper time setting. But the fine acting by all major players, and the great story itself, save this film.
A Christmas Wish's greatest gift is its humanity. Frank Orth (Jimmy Durante) displays rare human qualities from another era (he was born in the 19th century) such as warmth, thoughtfulness, sweetness, gentleness, friendliness, and forgiveness. This may not sound exciting, yet I found inspiration in the many displays of quiet sincerity throughout the film. Terry Moore's (Rosalinda Amendola) portrayal of a young woman in love was beautifully kind and loving, for example her lack of money paled in comparison to her interest to have a closer relationship with her neighbor (Pete)...."we can manage". Her dates with a important,wealthy, Chick Chandler (Phil Davis) were never considered serious since sincere feeling can not be purchased in this film.
If you've seem either AIR BUD or AIR BUD 2: GOLDEN RECEIVER then you've seen AIR BUD 3: WORLD PUP. It has the same storyline as the first two. Josh discovers that his dog, Buddy is extremely talented at soccer so Josh and Buddy join the soccer team. The team goes on a winning streak. I liked AIR BUD and AIR BUD 2, but now the series is just getting tired. There have been way to many animal movies over the past few years. If studios stop making animal movies for a while maybe a fourth Air Bud movie will be refreshing. If there is an Air Bud 4 then it better be better than this!
Some time ago, the cable network TRIO aired the pilot for LOOKWELL as part of its "Brilliant But Cancelled" series. I TiVoed it and have watched it many times since. Ty Lookwell is the role Adam West was born to play, which is good as it clearly was written for him. The writing plays to West's strengths as a comedian, particularly his surreal delivery of lines that no one else could say without cracking up. It might have been exhausting to keep this going week after week, but I sure would have liked to see them try. Someone should assemble a "great unsold pilots" DVD series; LOOKWELL could certainly headline the comedy edition.
I saw this movie two or three times in the theater in 1971, when I was ten years old. My brother was obsessed by the movie and he used to take me. Now, after 38 years I saw it again on DVD, and it evoked some memories! I had still remembered since then some of the memorable scenes, like opening the fist of the rapist's body to find the button, and Charles Bronson giving Marlene Jobert the button. It is a great movie. One of the few earliest thriller/romance of its type (post-Hitchcock) to come out. The chemistry between Charles Bronson and Marlene Jobert is great, and I liked the walnut-throwing metaphor. It is a classic!
I can see why people hate this, but really there's a lot of good lines in there. It's an absurd movie but maybe you have to have seen it 20 times when you were 19 (and entertainment choices were more limited than they are now) to really appreciate it. Anyway, I love it. Phil Hartman is great. I will admit to being a Grodin fan and maybe that is necessary too. I love the Club Sand Song. The catch phrases, "What!" "Brainwash" "Manwhaaaaay-lo" "we're gonna teach you" But it's full of SNL-style, catch-phrase heavy humor, sketch-oriented type stuff, and you shouldn't miss Megan Mulally as 17 yr old Jessica. It was all something back in '86.
I saw The Architect at the Tribeca Film festival earlier this year, and it has really stuck with me. It's one of those movies that asks tough questions about difficult issues like race, sexual identity and economic justice, and leaves room for the viewer to form their own opinions. Unlike the movie Crash, which deals with many of the same themes, there are no spoon fed answers in this film. Instead of one dimensional characters the Architect brings to life some complex and flawed individuals, and shows us their struggles to find the right path. Some really strong performances here, especially from Viola Davis. If you get a chance to see it, I highly recommend it.
What a breath of fresh air. I enjoyed Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events and this film's over-the-top storytelling reminded me of what I thought was lacking in that other film. There was much joy to be had. It really was a lot of fun and quite the breath of fresh air for children's movies since the slump between The Incredibles and now. The actors are perfectly cast. So often children can only distract from a movie with very few turning in believable performances. Not the case here. My only regret was the missed opportunity for the perfect tag-line...maybe they's take my idea for the DVD promotion... "You can't handle the tooth!"
I had no expectations whatsoever of this movie when my family and I sat down to watch it. I was blown away. We thought it was brilliant, from start to finish. I also felt the animation was of a very high standard and it evoked memories of the original film. Everyone at Disney who were involved in creating this film should be very, very proud of themselves. They did a fine job. I could be wrong, of course, but I just felt that this was a labour of love for the creators and their care and artistry just oozes out of every frame of this movie. Easily the best of the direct-to-video sequels.
This movie is one of my favorite movies. It is a 10 out of 10. Comedy, Drama, Nostalgia, and the multiple plots being introduced throughout the movie. Never mind the other critic, I have shown this movie with English subtitles to over 15 non-Yugoslav friends both male and female and they loved it. I've watched it over ten times, very very funny movie. The best comedy is between the soldier Paunovich and his lieutenant. I recommend this movie to everyone, but especially to the Yugoslav folks who enjoyed their life in the Former Yugoslavia because it will give you a good feeling of being there for 90 minutes. The reason I've watched it over ten times.
I understand that the book was episodic, but that does not mean it translates into a good film that way.Poorly directed and acted, not to mention produced. How tough would it have been for the actors to at least have gotten haircuts? Not the best film about WW1. Not even close. Perhaps having one person being the producer, writer and director is not the best idea? The actors were not in the least convincing.Someone should have said "Whoa" before this was put together. Oh, and I wrote this review using the same disjointed style the director of this movie used. Do you think it made for a better review this way? I did not think so.
Out of all, the story was somewhat alright, what I did not like was the acting, nor most of the lines. The acting in my opinion lacked feeling and character. Most of the events in the film could be expected. The lines were dumb especially when Ociee Nash met the president and fell down when nobody moved out of her way, then saying a little later to the president her opinion of "hurrying slowly" which the president and everybody there found to be a great idea. The only part I liked was when Ociee Nash did something heroic and "unladylike" which also pleased people later in the film. The film itself was kind of interesting though.
Is it just me, or does this seem like a bad takeoff of Indiana Jones to anyone else? Exploring jungles..... looking for treasure..... near-death experiences..... sound familiar to anyone else? I just thought this was a cheesy, idiotic movie. At first, I thought it might be interesting, but after the rather hard-to-follow introduction, it just kept going down in my view. I find Indiana Jones much more satisfactory movies. They're easy to understand, have action that is a bit more believable (I said a bit more, not totally!!), and better actors. But then I may be a bit biased as I was forced to view this movie, I didn't watch it by choice. Just my views!!
Nothing new here whatsoever. One of the more boring outings of the ever popular Rugrats. Bruce Willis adds nothing and songs are forgettable. Numbers 1 through 5 appear at various stages during the movie. Everyone was scratching his head wondering if they were supposed to remember them to perhaps win some terrific prize. A search on Google turns out they should have been scratching cards given out during a Burger King promotion where the smells coincided with the particular scenes. I guess I need to watch more television. Must have missed that commercial....somehow. In any case, was probably far more interesting than the movie. Luckily, the time flew by. Thank TPTB, it is a short one.
Extremely unfunny movie that utterly wastes the usually hilarious Hank Azaria (Huff, the Simpsons et al). The main problem is Simon Pegg. He's well pegged out and will soon reach Ricky Gervaise levels of tedious one note shtick. It's not that the comedy isn't juvenile -- (I mean, American Pie was juvenile) it's just that's it not very funny. Ealing this ain't. More like a blown up sitcom. The UK just can't make funny movies any more. Sorry, but it's true. Go see Knocked Up again rather than waste your time on this tosh, as did all the cast. Still, at least Hugh Grant wasn't it in -- the one redeeming feature.
This is a low budget, indie horror film that takes a downward spiral from the start. This is a haunting tale, but the scares are pretty weak. A writer(Don Wood)and his girlfriend(Christina Campenella)leave the dog-eat-dog days of New York City for a quieter location...Maine. The couple check into a dingy motel and settle down in Room #13. Strange things begin to happen in the one-room apartment and there is no place to run. Having writer's block is nothing compared to unwelcome spirits of former murdered guests of Room #13. Warning...the cover art of the DVD is very misleading and the movie inside is less interesting. Others in the cast: Larry Fessenden, Jamie Sneider and Angus Scrimm.
"Beauty and Power" tells of only the sensationalistic parts of the life of the late Judith Campbell Exner, paramour to Sinatra, JFK, and mafia boss Sam Giancana. This bland, vanilla, and downright dull biopic contradicts itself by palming off Exner as a bright woman who just happened to fall in love with rich and influential men while she behaves like a dunce who just can't keep her panties on. "B&P" is lacking in substance, chock full of too clever repartee, and poorly develops the Exner centerpiece. Those interested in facts about the woman can get more from the Internet in 15 minutes than from this 90 minute flick. Those interested in entertainment should look elsewhere. (D)
I hate to criticize anything from low budget independents but this film is just plain awful. The characters are barely credible, the script is disjointed and weak and the directorship is poor. Low budget films can still be pleasing to watch, but not this one. I fully support independents and believe that some really fine talent comes out of smaller productions but this film has left me reeling. The concept has been flogged to death by the likes of Final Destination and now suffers from any form of originality. Please Please Please do not produce films like this unless you have a) A sensible Budget B) A credible cast and C) A decent concept.
I was utterly disappointed by this movie. I have recently bought both series on DVD as I had seen the first one in the past and liked it very much. While the first mini-series was fantastic, the second one was just awful. I could only watch half of it because it seemed to have little in common with the original "Thorn Birds"; it simply lacks the romance and the characters do not possess the emotional depth of the first series. Fee Cleary, the tough, quiet woman we all knew from the first series, couldn't stop talking in this one. Also, the dialogues are pathetic, it almost seems like a parody of the first mini-series. Absolutely disappointed!
There aren't too many slasher movies I enjoy. Striking a balance between too childish and too wrapped up in your own irony is a tough gig and I think Freak Out just sails wide of the bullseye. That said, it's a very respectable effort for something created with such a small budget over such a large time frame and hints that there is some real writing and editing talent waiting for a better-funded opportunity to present itself. I would have liked to have seen more tits and the odd clunge shot thrown in, if only in the bonus features as this would have given the film a higher mark when it comes to production values.
Absolutely terrible, I read this novel when I was very young and although I didn't fully understand it, I was as haunted by Rebecca as everyone else in the novel was. When I found the Alfred Hitchcock version, I didn't agree at first with how harsh Maxim always seemed, but the movie really did the book justice, the setting and lighting. This movie however, was much to mushy and didn't follow the characters attitudes at all. Mrs. Van Hopper was portrayed all wrong, and Maxim wasn't handsome and debonair at all. Over all I'd say watch the Alfred Hitchcock version if you want beautiful settings and handsome actors that get to the core of the characters.
Every time Lohan succeeds in some small way and rolls her eyes to the heavens with that butter-wouldn't-melt look on her freckly face it gets a little bit more like having your toenails removed with rusty forks. Considering her well-documented party girl exploits and devil may care approach to life as a Hollywood actress, it's hard to be convinced by this sugar & spice portrayal of a schoolgirl living out her fantasies clad in increasingly ridiculous getups. The central theme of newby versus evil prom queen was done with much greater irony and considerably more aplomb in Lohan's worryingly similar vehicle 'Mean Girls', and so this reporter urges you to see that instead. Be warned
I really hate to be negative but, I could not see any redeeming features to this film. I could not identify with or care about any of the characters. The acting was often awkward and felt unrealistic even though the style of film-making was cinema-verite. The hand-held camera's motion was distracting and brought attention to itself. Loose and rambling editing with the camera teetering into extreme facial closeups unnecessarily. The film had pretentious moments and seemed to lead nowhere. There was plenty of potential to explore and possibly comment upon post-partum depression but this film seems only to have skimmed the surface and shown us many angry and confused people and nothing more. Pointless and boring.
Being one of John Carpenters biggest fans, I am usually very biased when it comes to rating his movies (I loved Escape from LA). However, I just could not get into this movie. It moves very slow and the screenplay is horrible. It tried to he a horror movie, but what was scary about it? NOTHING. Donald Pleasance gives a fine performance (as usual) but the rest of the cast is below average at best. This movie just does not pack the punch that JC's other movies do. I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 rating, and that was because I could not give JC a rating of 1 (even if the movie sucked).
Has no one in Hollywood a vehicle for James Wood? This is tragic, awful, self-conscious soft-porn. Heart of gold, med student, the whole painful project is an ordeal to watch...and I was unable to go beyond a half hour, I confess. JW: my heart breaks to see what you have cast before salacious trotters. If I were a producer, I'd hire you in a hearbeat. I know you can still menace, can still show depth, can still out-act the handsome rockjaws and the grotesque Brody's every bit as well as Rush or F.Murray .... No one will see your fine work here- and I'm sure you know that too. God bless, -A Fan
This movie is worse then bad, it`s boring. The plot (and I use the term in the loosest sort of way here) consists of a DJ/promoter wanting to take over the world by combining a certain type of music with voodoo (need I go on?). To do this he auditions for a new young group with the right sound and offers them the world (no pun intended) to sign with him. The acting is horrible, the special effects are horrible and the plot is horrible....hey, what do you know, I guess it lives up to it`s name after all. My recommendation...if you see it on the shelves at your local rental place...give it a wide berth.
For what ever it worth this movie/documentary is extremely boring from the beginning to the very end. The keep on ever going of using both black/white and color film that keep on switching is really annoying and very much unattractive. The story is same old same old, talking about the bad black people neighborhood and tried to bring out the truth and tried to make us the viewer feel bad for them. At end (if you even watch it to the end) you will actually feel bad and asked one self "How did I managed to watch this entire film?"The film is sure not worth a watch cause it is damn boring. Rating: 4/10
I started watching this series with keen anticipation. By the end of the second episode I was hugely disappointed. Have you ever watched something and felt that it could have been so so much better? There's no doubt that Niel Gaimans story is very imaginative, but this series makes it seem unforgivably cheesy. I'm all for a low budget, so long as some creativity has gone into the use of it. Unfortunately, the combination of disgraceful acting, and boring, DIY, cinematography make this a challenge to sit through. Maybe one day a director with some talent 'll have another crack. Until that day comes, do yourselves a favour and read the book instead.
When others here say that this thing has cheap looking production values, believe them. Beyond that, I still don't see what everyone loves about Neverwhere. The story doesn't seem particularly original or interesting and the performances weren't too hot, either. Maybe if you live in London and know the locations they are referring to, you can get more out of it. Unfortunately, I do not. Between the laugh-inducing freeze-frame editing during monologues, the poor video quality, and the goofy music, I had to fight my way through disc one and refused to watch disc two. I read that even Gaiman didn't like it. I certainly can't recommend it. In fact, stay far away.
Sat through this film, just, but only to keep watching the strange man/boy actor Peter Bark. Apparently he's supposed to be about 17 or so, but he looks and moves around like a 50 yr old. Also bizarrely, Bark never speaks on-screen, IE you never see his lips move, and his voice is always heard from the reverse angle. The scene where Bark tries to seduce his mother is also a classic of sorts. Three cheers for Freak Man-Boy BARK! Apart from this, Zombie Dead has little plot and atmosphere, though there are some relatively Gory scenes to make up for this. The pace is also very slow, with Zombies moving really slowly towards there victims.
This movie was absolutely horrible. The plot could have been half-way decent, and the movie tolerable if they had simply developed the characters better and hired people who could act. I was excited at the prospects of an independent movie focusing on the life of Indian Americans. It was a subject not often shown and had the potential to be very interesting. However, too many plot lines that were not fully developed and poor acting made 102 minutes seem like 4 hours. At the end I hated all of the characters and was happy that they had made their own lives so miserable. Do not watch this movie. Steer clear from it in the video store!
I had really high hopes for this movie. what the Hughe's brothers have done is turn one of the most fascinating murder/mysteries of the 20th Century into an music video with no narrative structure or form and absolutely no redeeming features. The love story between Mary Kelly and Abberline is ridiculous. it's only saving grace are the few quips from Robbie Coltrane and some nice character moments by Jason Flemyng. The gore is pointless. there is no tension , there is no mystery. the scenes are arranged one after the other, but there is absolutely nothing linking them. give me the Michael Caine adaptation of the ripper story any day. far more entertaining.
and story and screenplay. "South of Heaven..." is a colossal flop but not for want of talent. Something like The Wild Bunch meets The Keystone Cops, this flick can't make up it's mind what it wants to be. With all the makings of a good period drama, "South..." wanders aimlessly into farce, staggers around in comedy, teeters in the action genre, and falls on its face dying a slow and painful death from lack of a story and substance. Obviously staged and scripted with an unnatural ebb and flow, terrible segues, and poor continuity, "South..." is an obvious collection of brain farts strung together into one of the worst films I've seen in a long time.
Not having read the book on which this was based, I found myself wondering quite a lot during the movie: a) I wonder what's going on b) I wonder what this has to do with the plot (if there is a plot) c) I wonder why I rented this The soundtrack is very poor and there are moments in the movie when the dialog is unintelligible. Had there just been a little more connection or linkage between the "real" world and the fantasy world, I may have empathized with the character more. As it was, I felt that I was suffering more than "D" - but was grateful my agony would only last two hours.
I would love to see a "G" rated version of this movie. It never let's up in its use of the "F" word. In fact in the opening words of the movie, it used the "F" word. I think if they made a "G" version of this movie - there would be NO dialogue -- the movie would be one long "MF" BLEEP! This isn't even a good "bro" movie. Bad acting, bad dialouge. It did have a semblance of a plot though. Let me put it this way - if I had to choose between this movie and "Pippi Longstocking" -- it would be a toss up... Wayno
Three stories (all bland and emotionless) unfold in Red Shoe Diaries 2: Double Dare, a terrible anthology filled with loser episodes from the series. The first stars Steven Bauer and Joan Severence and follows their turbulent sex-only relationship. The second is laughably, horribly bad starring a VERY unattractive actress as a cop who wants to get kinky with a guy she never met before. And the third is a so-so story of a game of double dare played between a man and woman who work across the street from each other. If you liked the original, like me, you will hate the lack of emotion these stupid anthology stories give. One Star out of Four.
This film has the POTENTIAL to be as great as the other two. It has pretty good characters, a pretty intriguing mystery, with this whole "past coming back to haunt" thread. BUT the ending is devastatingly lame. I watched the "making of", and the director seems a few bricks short of a wall. She explains the film, and why it is such a brilliant, clever film. But the gaping hole in her logic is that she is WRONG. It is NOT clever, it is utterly ludicrous. And there are too many stereotypes, from the jocks to the girls having pillow fights in their underwear, to the "Foxy Brown" / "power to the people" character.
I waited along time to see this film, and it was certainly not worth the wait. The story was too boring and slow, 80% of the movie was flash back and you don't really get a chance to relate to the characters, except for Wah Yin Hung. Plus could they please change the cast, this was the exact cast from Stormriders and the Young and Dangerous movies, can't they find some other actors? I think the audience is tired of seeing the same actors all the time. And Ekin cheng's performance in Stormriders was only average, Aron Kok did a much better job. Over all the film was a disappointment especially coming from the Stormriders team.
Several of the previous reviews for this episode remarked, in my opinion, more upon the reviewers love for the series rather then this episode. Well, you won't find a bigger Stargate fan than me, and I absolutely hated this episode. The actors tried to push on through some truly, terrible writing but even SG1 couldn't pull victory from the jaws of this big a loser of a script and concept. To quote Samantha Carter herself, "What's wrong with going out on fishing,". Are you a StarGate fan who hasn't seen this episode yet? Do yourself a favor. Skip it. You'll remember the series more fondly this way. I do look forward to the DVD movies though.
Wonderful colors.... Hmmmmm what else can I say..... awful storyline, awful comedy, awful acting, just plain awful... even back then.... I'm always surprised when actors of the caliber of George Kennedy and Barbara Eden have their names associated with such turkeys as this movie. It is well filmed, in glorious, almost surreal colors, which I think is it's only saving grace... I sat through this tripe hoping(nay, praying)that it would somehow lift itself out of the mediocrity that is established in the first few scenes.... But no, I was disappointed... This waste of celluloid will remain just that.... and I'm truly amazed at how rubbish like this actually gets released.... But the colors were wonderful.
SPOILER This film, while fascinating and beautifully made, seems little more than a glorification of self-mutilation. Other users have called it self-love or masturbation, and they mean it in a positive way. But inflicting pain on oneself, mutilating oneself, is not self-love. Masturbation is a wonderful way of making your body feel good. Cutting off pieces of your own flesh and eating them doesn't make your body feel good and shouldn't be glorified or reviewed positively. So if I've spoiled the movie for you, I must say I'm glad. You don't need to watch this film. You need to do something good for yourself and for your body and leave this movie on the shelf.
Playing the new English teacher at an Italian college full of prankish boys, Edwige Fenech looks incredibly beautiful - perfection in the form of a woman. We just want to look at her on the screen, but these annoying trying-to-be-funny people keep blocking our view. One teacher has poor eyesight, the gym coach is clumsy, one student's father is a millionaire posing as a poor man, he also has a mistress, and a fat assistant....seriously, does anyone care about any of this? (though at least the mistress gets naked twice). There are perhaps 2-3 chuckles here and there, but most of the "comic" material is lame slapstick. Another movie to be watched in fast-forward mode. (*1/2)
This movie is just really pathetic. It has a weak story and gets exceedingly cheesy at times. Even the most average of Disney films is many times better than this mess. It's hard to imagine that the same man who did the wonderful Secret of Nimh also did this piece of trash. While the Secret of Nimh was exceptionally animated and had vibrant colors, this had poor animation and very weak colors. The villain was also one of the weakest I've ever seen. The attempts at humor are pathetic and an insult to the audience's intelligence. This is possibly Bluth at his worst, although it's a toss up between this and A Troll in Central Park.
This sagebrush story is out of the ordinary; and a memorable Roy Rogers vehicle. Trigger falls in love with a beautiful golden mare that has stolen treasure inside a specially made shoe by diamond smugglers. When Trigger watches the mare being abused by the villainous smugglers, he kills one of them. Roy takes the blame for his four-legged pal and ends up behind bars. Fans of Trigger will delight in this one. Also in the cast: Dale Evans, Pat Brady, Frank Fenton, Estelita Rodriguez, Chester Conklin and Riders of the Purple Sage. THE GOLDEN STALLION is directed by B-movie master William Witney. An action packed 67 minutes. Recommended for a nice twin-bill: BELLS of SAN ANGELO(1947).
Me goodness!! That was by far the crappiest piece of junk I have ever tortured my senses with. Here's the plot: ---------- Here's the story: --------- A careless "the-devil-may-care" french street bum keeps running around aimlessly through mostly train stations or airports, constantly being asked for his passport... then running again... and so on... There's the occasional blurred flurry of faces bothering the viewer's every nerve fiber... and again, the running... Just multiply the above for an hour or so and voilà! French crap (suzette) at its best! PS: If a certain sheep-look-a-like (goes by the name of Catinca) tries to convince you to watch this flick, just slowly walk away...
It's a disastrous movie and wouldn't dream of watching it - in fact, as a karate enthusiast I'm insulted that they used Karate magazine comments in the trailer (I can only hope they were totally out of context!) - but I just want to clarify that the film was filmed in IRELAND, not the UK. In my hometown. *proud* If you're going to watch this at all, just fast forward through all the bits with people in them and just admire the scenery (interiors don't count because they're not real). Ross Abbey is one of the best preserved 14th century Friarys in the country and it's beautiful, as is most of the countryside you see.
After watching 'Carry on Camping', which I found surprisingly enjoyable, I decided to watch another of the 'Carry On' series. Sadly 'at Your Convenience' left me with no further desire to watch any more from the series. Perhaps I was unfortunate in my choice, as I have heard better things of other Carry On's such as 'Up the Khyber' etc, but this goes no way to excuse the appalling 'at Your Convenience.' The humour never rose beyond the scatological and puerile, perhaps, bearing in mind the title, I should have anticipated this. Even the unique bawdy humour of 'Camping' was grotesquely overplayed. Characters were characatures and the plot was banal. Overall a sad disappointment. *1/2 /*****
I am not sure quite how this film claims to be based on Faulkes's novel Charlotte Gray. The story vaguely follows a similar chain of events, but much of the emotion in the book, is lost in the film. The producers/screenplay writers have added small details which do not aid the story, but just take it further and further away from the original story. I also think a Scottish person should have played Charlotte - I did not find the accent of Cate Blanchett at all convincing. In all, the film is not too bad to watch, but compared to the book it is a dead loss and a waste of time.
To call this movie "bad" is to pay it a compliment. There are superlatives, however: the worst musical score ever worst-ever wig for Marlon (runner-up: Rita Moreno) worst-ever ill-conceived kidnap plot and the list goes on. It's fortunate that this was not Marlon Brando's first role because it might have short-circuited an otherwise brilliant career.This movie was not a dream, but a nightmare. The only redeeming feature for me was that it was a free movie available on the Comcast cable network. The picture was so "European" that you get a greater appreciation of the abilities of the boys in Hollywood. This is a very short review, but it's more than the movie deserves.
It is a bad movie that gives wrong idea out to the public. There is no way that wasting taxpayer's money can be made to look funny. The guy is healthy educated guy and living on his parents money. And then he decides to live off tax payers' money like a parasite. That certainly does not count as funny. Being a jury is a serious business. Making a comedy is a serious business. Unfortunately, the movie maker seems to care for neither. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It is a waste of time. The actors did a fairly fine job in the given scope. Story and direction failed the movie.
If the movie had finished 40 minutes earlier, I would give a rating of 9 for its stunning music & lyrics, original presentation and the brilliant performance of Anil Kapoor. Aishwarya also exhibited her decent (and evolving) acting talent as well as graceful dancing skills. Alas, all these attributes are ruthlessly ruined by the true-Indian-girl-goes-back-to-her-first-love stereotype. Should the storyline tilt audience's mood from one extreme of love to the other extreme of hate? What an arrogant, despicable cliche! The script writers are doomed for wasting great talents of veteran actors and the shinning beauty in the eyes of Aishwarya Rai. Rating 2 of 10, 1 for the music and 1 for Anil Kapoor.
A group of self-righteous liberals decide to start killing people who have beliefs different from their own. Their victims emerge from leftist central casting and are typical caricatures as viewed by their murderers. Apparently anyone who disagrees with their world view and doesn't repent during dinner deserves to die. This just happened to be on HBO when I turned the channel and the description sounded interesting enough, and there were recognizable actors in it. Figured it might not be too bad. The production values themselves seem relatively OK, its just the story and acting that is weak beyond belief. How they got any recognizable names into this stink fest is the real mystery here.
This is a textbook example of how the Hollywood cookie cutter factory takes a nice sleeper hit documentary and turns it into 2 hours worth of clichés. I lost count as to the number of other films whose elements and ideas it used. I almost expected to hear the blonde competitor say, "You're okay LaRusso", when she presented the trophy, or have one of Pierre's kids get on the mike at the end and say, "If I can change...and you can change.........everybody can change." If you want to feel uplifted and see real kids enrich themselves in real life situations, please do yourself a favor by skipping this and seeing Mad Hot Ballroom instead.
This film looked promising at start: it showed the matter of fact violence perpetrated by a boy carrying automatic gun. I thought for a second that finally someone would talk about the extent of this aspect of child abuse in Africa, where there are so many unscrupulous thugs who supply children with weapons, and let them kill (and be killed) at will. But then it quickly turned into a typical Hollywood production, with a typical for the "progressive" Hollywood left-wing agenda, which can be summarized very simply as: the UN and the International Court are noble and good, and they matter. To me, this idea defies reality, and the movie that promotes it is ridiculous.
It's unbelievable that the same director who brought us "Night of the Demons" could churn out such an amateur hour crap-fest. The script is a typical ripoff of "The Haunting" but if the Robert Wise flick was rated 100 this would get a 1. The director has a cameo appearance which says it all: his acting "skills" come strictly from the "deer in the headlights" school of acting. Linnea Quigley is pretty to look at. It's too bad she wasn't more discriminating in her choice of roles. She made a few decent flicks, then wallowed away her career in a sea of these cheeseball no budget snoozers. See this one ONLY for laughs. It's a howler.
Despite the fact there are funny moments here and there, the main problem with this show is (like all US recent productions) that this is strictly American oriented one. What does it mean? The jokes are juvenile, stupid and utterly predictable; mostly sex oriented, mostly homophobic and anti feminist oriented. There is nothing funnier than showing someone with his girlfriend implying they had sex with animals or someone saying he has been pig fender. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nothing oriented for audience with more than 2 brain cells. I am sorry, this is not my piece of cake. 1/10 from me. More lines are needed. Nothing more to say except to keep these sitcoms for yourself, gentlemen.
If you see the title "2069 A Sex Odyssey" in the video store, BEWARE!! The cover has Tori Wells and three other "80's" porn stars, and has a copyright of 1986. If you're like me (and I hope you're not) you'll think "80's porn? Tori Wells? Alright!" Trickery!! It was made in 1974 and has dubbed German stars! There's nothing inherently wrong with 70's German porn, but it's not my cup of tea, and it's nothing like what the cover leads you to believe you're getting. Once I got past my rage about the blatantly misleading jacket, I watched it anyway. It's a bad, bad movie. Sorry, I guess I didn't really get past the rage.
if you like lots of pointless female nudity and lesbian scenes,this could be your movie.but if that's the case,there is always porn. here's really nothing much else of value here.no coherent story.(and speaking of porn,the story might even be better).pointless,gore,lame dialogue.the whole thing is one big long boring mess.with no real beginning,middle or end.not only is there no conceivable story,there also a pointless non subplot that attempts to tie into the main non story.i can't see who the target audience would be for this particular movie.but everybody has their own different taste.however,this is added to my list of worst movies i have ever seen.this gets the big goose egg.definitely not recommended.but then,what do i know? 0/10
Quite possibly one of the cheapest and worse movies of all time, comparable only to Journey to the Center of the Earth (1988). Hmm both remakes of Jules Verne novels. Could there be a connection? With the staggering number of times these movies have been remade, it's quite possible that all opportunities for originality are lost. Also, it's a TV movie; need I say more? Hallmark is known for it's portrayal of human emotion, so I thought that at the very least that would be good. But no. Acting is cliché, the set is terrible, and the plot is same ol, same ol. When will someone make a good remake of a Jules Verne novel again?
Horribly one sided, this propaganda piece spouts the supposed merits of inoculations (whill conveniently NOT telling that those same shots can in some instances be MORE harmful than what they innoculate against) I learned of THAT travesty first hand and it's a bitch. That part of the animated short made me so damn mad that it tainted everything that was said afterwords. Not only is this pure unadulterated propaganda crap, it's also EXTREMELY dated and isn't worth watching due to it's horrendous use of fear tactics. This animated short can be seen as an extra in the "From the Vaults" section on Disc 4 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2. My Grade: F
Tonino Ricci is certainly one of the worst Italian film-makers, also responsible of the terrible post-atomic romp "Rush". This one is a drwaback to "monster on campus" time : an infected scientist turns into a pizza-faced monster and terrorises (?) some bare-breasted starlets. A dubious hero tries to stop the contamination before the army nukes the whole town. In fact, the "bomber" is actually a (very) obvious model kit in front of some lava lamp impressions ! Ricci's no Argento or even Lenzi, but nobody could have done a masterpiece on such a no-budget. He did. Now, you take the same premise and turns it into a mega-bucks turkey like "Virus", and nobody is the merrier.
This aired on TCM last night, selected by guest programmer/star/screenwriter Charles Grodin. Classic? Hardly! He seems fairly proud of this pic, though, which allows an extremely talented cast to either overplay or underplay to agonizing effect. Director Asher (an Emmy winner for Bewitched) was better in the half hour television format. A complete waste of time. I think it's supposed to satirize the dying Hollywood studio system. It was movies like this that killed it. Pairing Bill Macy and Gilda Radner as a couple? Penny Marshall is credited and we hear her voice, but to my recollection only ever actually see her feet. Tyne Daly stands around with nothing substantive to do but be ticked off.
OK, lets keep this short and sweet. This movie is possibly the worst movie i have EVER seen, as the first one is one of my favorite sci-fi films of all time i have been bitterly disappointed twice so far !please save yourself the same heart ache and just watch the first Starship Troopers again while imagining in your own mind the endless possibilities they could of embraced to build open, then if you really must, watch the second and third films and see how it was completely and utterly screwed up. As for Ed Neumeier, you should be ashamed of yourself sir. Sorry about the rant but some things just need to be said.
If you're reading this, then you're probably a fan of Park's previous films and like me have seen the first two films in his revenge trilogy (Sympathy for Mr Vengeance & Old Boy). Mr Vengeance was good; Old Boy was just brilliant and so expectations for this final episode were sky high. Sadly this film misses the mark big time. The plot is confusing and lacklustre; the flashbacks are badly handled and when you get to the end of the movie you feel like saying 'so what?' It lacks any tension whatsoever. Maybe I was expecting too much. If you want to see a really stylish Korean film from 2005, check out 'A Bittersweet Life' instead.
This movie was just terrible. It was a complete waste of time and money, and although I am a fan of Keanu Reaves and Vince, they really should have avoided this script. I watched quite a while back, so can't really comment on the editing, etc - but the bitter after-taste still lingers and when I came across it here on IMDb, had to vent some latent frustration that had been pent up. It's over-rated as a comedy, actually there's nothing remotely funny about it, and has no direction as a "coming-of-age" movie. My advice : save yourself the hassle of returning to this page and commenting on how much this movie sucked.
This is a bad movie. Everything is wrong with it. Just, everything. Technically the director constantly "crosses the directorial line" and the cinematography is often not carefully composed and the scenes are poorly light. The dialogue is terrible. Its as if the script was written by a student. Because the dialogue is so terrible, the performances are just as bad. The two leads have no chemistry. And the plot, apparently based on a Shakesperean play, is ridiculous in a modern setting. That said, I did like the premise of the film. The film is a satire of Bollywood films, which in itself is an interesting ideas, but unfortunately it is not executed well.
Wow. This movie was HORRIBLE. There was a song after every 5 minutes. This movie unfortunately stereotypes way too much! Terrible plot and BORING. The lead actress is attractive, but needs to work on her acting. As an Indian, I am tired of us being portrayed as the bad characters in movies. Keeping our culture intact is very important to many and should not be portrayed as something bad. The heavy British accents are also hard to get used to. This movie had nothing positive to send to the viewer. I rented this at the local Blockbuster and am glad that I did not see in it a theatre or I would have left early.
This Superman movie, along with the following sequel, is one of the sorriest excuses for a movie ever conceived by producers. The whole thing just reeks. It's as bad as a movie can get. And the folks responsible for this sloppy, junky, stupid movie clearly had no respect for moviegoers. It's a total embarrassment for everyone involved. It seems that they tried to go in the BATMAN TV series route (notice how the super computer in SUPERMAN III looks like the Batcave in the TV series) but at least the TV show, as cheesy as it was, was fun to watch. This is just painful from beginning to end. Avoid at all cost!!!!
It is too bad that such a potentially good film with such a great plot has to be flawed by such poor talent in every other area. If only the production of this film, and others like it, would JUST TELL THE STORY with good acting and let the message be intuitively realized by the viewers instead of being rammed down their throats with soap operatic soliloquies and didactic preaching. Christian films, such as this one, tend to influence the viewer to seek salvation in other places than Christian Heaven. However, with all its flaws, it may, for some, be worth watching and can even have you on the edge of your seat at times.
I remember seeing this when it first out, in a theater, and thinking ... why? It was on cable a few nights ago and I watched it again. You know those shows on TV about bad drivers running from the cops? The only reason to pay attention is that at any moment you're going to see something incredibly stupid. That's what this movie is like, only in slow motion. If God were truly merciful, he would have destroyed all the copies of this movie before it made the theaters, and long before cable. (tiny spoiler) ...... Did Kirk Douglas appear in it, it just to see Farrah with no clothes?
A funny thing happened to me while watching "Mosquito": on the one hand, the hero is a deaf-mute and the director is totally unable to make us understand why he does what he does (mutilating mannequins...er, excuse me, corpses) through his images. On the other hand, the English version at least is very badly dubbed. So I found myself wishing there had been both more AND less dialogue at the same time! This film is stupid (funny how this guy has access to every graveyard and mortuary in his town) and lurid (where would we be in a 70s exploitationer without our gratuitous lesbian scene?). Not to mention the "romantic" aspect (oh, how sweet!)...Miss it. (*)
An absolutely terrible film, the characters are all so lovely & good I wanted to be sick, Alan Bennet portrays a rose tinted view of the world and although for a bit of light relief I don't mind optimistic films from time to time 'the history boys' takes this concept too far for my liking. From the first few minutes the film is just annoying to watch, there are some fine actors but the overall optimistic & downright annoying feeling simply makes the film unwatchable. The lack lustre & unimaginative plot seems to go nowhere very slowly the only redeeming feature I can think of is the soundtrack which contains some classic 80's tunes.
The film is about two brothers who lost contact with each other during their teenage years. The younger brother Josh, live a messy but rather okay life, he hang out with his friends, doing silly things. At Josh 18th birthday his long lost brother comes home... I leave the rest for you to find out. I think it's a kind of messy movie, it really doesn't tell a story. Not a good story anyway. You can almost figure out quite fast how things are. The acting in the movie was decent, Josh wears the same expression on his face during 99% of the film. My advice to you, watch it if you're really bored.
The idea of creating a world that looks exactly like the old West is interesting but it could have been done so much better! Yul Brynner is in most films only a joy to watch but he never reaches that high standard here. Richard Benjamin and James Brolin also make efforts to make this movie better but miserably fail. A $1000-a-day vacation in the Old West is what Benjamin and Brolin will experience as the film takes off. One of the robots is played by Yul Brynner. Indeed as I said quite an interesting thought of a story but it's more or less not so entertaining most of the time with too much small talk.
Ever since I was a little boy, I was a big fan of the Three Stooges. I had seen every movie they ever made, except "Kook's Tour." When it was finally released on video in 1999, my jaw nearly hit the floor. Unfortunately, my hopes were too high for what I was about to see. Billed as "Their last and funniest film," the Stooges simply take a camping trip and that's about it. Larry Fine suffered a stroke and was unable to complete the filming, so Norman Maurer filled the remaining time with scenery and narration by Moe Howard. "Kook's Tour" is indeed an important piece of Stooge history, but it is not a worthwhile film.
LICENSE TO WED (2007) * Robin Williams, Many Moore, John Krasinski, Eric Christian Olsen, Christine Taylor, Josh Flitter, DeRay Davis, Peter Strauss, Roxanne Hart, Grace Zabriskie, Mindy Kaling, Angela Kinsey, Rachael Harris, Brian Baumgartner, Bob Balaban. Vapid, sit- com-y high concept comedy about a young couple's nuptials being put to the test by the bride-to-be's family minister (a surprisingly sedate Williams) who proves to be a holy terror in the process. Woefully unfunny screenplay by Ken Barker, Tim Rasmussen, Vince Di Meglio and Wayne Lloyd and underwhelming direction by Ken Kwapis (who has collaborated with Krasinski and his THE OFFICE cronies  many submitted to this mess to boot  previously, with such higher hilarious results).
There isn't much to say about this C-Grade "thriller" really. Released as "Betrayed" in New Zealand, the DVD cover which is a homage to "Basic Instinct" is somewhat misleading, for while "Basic Instinct" was no masterpiece, it wasn't as terrible as this film. The plot is very weak, the settings plastic, the score terrible and the dialogue cheesy. The leads, Stephen Baldwin and Kristy Swanson are just going through the motions, though they do hold the film together, and Swanson looks very healthy. The rest of the cast are appalling, in particular the actors that play Baldwin's wife and fellow detective. So unless you want to watch C-Grade "thrillers" then don't actively seek out this film.
not even close to a horror film. therefore, i'm not even sure why this was included in the brentwood DVD pack, but it was. so again, here i was expecting to be scared, when i was just plain bored. this about as much of a 'horror' flick as was Scream. i really hate it when it Hollywood misadvertises like that. this is way more of a suspense than anything. uma thurman fans will also apply, but will need to beware just in case. the film looks older than what it is. and i always found that weird how Hollywood also lock away films for years and then releasing them whenever. great score though.
I bought this movie from my local video store for $3 out of the previously viewed bin. Thank goodness it was only three bucks. The movie looks like it's trying to be a much less graphic cheap imitation of "Last House on the Left" or "I Spit on Your Grave." The front cover of the box reads, "AT LAST! TOTAL TERROR!" However this movie wouldn't scare anybody. A group of guys force their way into a farmhouse where a girl lives with her paralyzed father who may also be a deaf mute -- who knows? I hope they didn't actually PAY a guy to sit in a wheelchair and stare off into space the whole time.
I used to like Will Ferrell..but after this, I have my doubts about his quality. This movie is unbelievably stupid...and I don't mean funny stupid, I mean I can't believe anyone would find such basic, simple, absolutely ridiculous jokes and situations, funny. It's an almost impossible task to watch it to the end as they get worse and worse. I felt so bad to have spent my money on such a poor poor comedy-wannabe movie. I just can't understand how this even got to the cinemas. And also how is it possible so many people found it funny?? Think twice before watching it, it doesn't bring anything useful to your life, doesn't even make you laugh.
I was dumb enough to rent this movie just because it said that on the cover and I wish I had paid more attention and realized they didn't say where this quote came from. They obviously just put it on there and its completely false. There was nothing shocking, nothing exciting, and nothing entertaining in this movie. It was one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen as there was no character development, bad acting, bad dialogue, and it moved very slowly. Do not support this movie. You will be very disappointed. For the record, I enjoy B-horror movies. This wasn't even good in that B movie, funny kind of way. Awful all around.
Artistically, this movie should get some extra points. The use of color, the sharp contrast of black and white, good and evil, and so on. Based on that, I'd probably give the movie a 3. However, to put it simply, the plot and acting in this movie is terrible. Here is me fundamental rule in movies: You have to actually CARE about the characters and what they were going through. And, trust me, I didn't care. Admittedly, the introduction was quite compelling, and I was drawn in a bit. However, after the introduction, my mind slowly turned to mush and my eyes de-focused. This is my altruistic warning to the masses: Don't watch this movie.
I find this film pointless. Big deal, there was an interracial relationship. This theme can hardly highlight a movie. And Robert Downey Jr. is totally wasted, having the oxygen mask on him for most of his role. Then again, they should have put oxygen masks on the rest of the cast, to stifle their lines. Come to think about, the audience in the theaters probably needed oxygen masks to keep from fainting at this poor flock. I even found the sex scenes uninteresting. What exactly was the theme or idea, or plot of this movie. No need to issue a spoiler here, because anyone watching this movie should be thoroughly dis-interested in the ending.
Spaceballs was probably Mel Brooks' last funny movie before his schtick got old and dry. After having watched six episodes of this poorly animated series based on it, I feel sorry for the guy. I think he's trying to recapture some of the old spark and falling flat. The show is based on parodies of other movies, most of them not funny, funny stuff having been done on the Cartoon Network without relying on boob jokes, ass jokes, poop jokes and puke jokes. Daphne Zuniga and Joan Rivers add their voices to this travesty, as does Mel himself, reproducing the dual roles of Skroob and Yogurt. Isn't worth watching, please skip it.
First of all, anyone who claims that he or she didn't find this head-scratcher confusing must be the next freakin' Einstein! The plot is maybe more tangled than that of "The Usual Suspects", and there are enough distorted/out-of-chronological order events, half-remembered/repeated/altered lines and "was-it-all-a-dream-or-was-it-real?" tricks to baffle even the most avid mystery fan. Generally, movies with multiple twists and turns can be great fun, but this one is so contrived that it tried my patience. Besides, I don't understand why Lara Flynn Boyle had to whisper almost all of her lines (to come off as "seductive", perhaps?), or why they would pair her romantically with Scott Glenn, an actor almost 30 years older than her. (**)
I love David Hasselhof. When i sit at home at night watching his movies over and over again stroking the posters on my wall with every available part of my body, I can't help wondering how he repeatedly manages to associate himself with such energetic and creatively original scripts. I couldn't see the ending of this one coming at all! It definitely did NOT make me want to physically injure myself just so i could experience something worse than the sickly sweet clichéd banality manifesting itself on screen!! I can sleep better at night knowing that if it weren't for the Hoff, modern cinema as we know it would be choking on its own creative vomit.
This would make a great midnight movie where everyone could throw popcorn at the screen and yell at the idiots in the movie. The U.S. is under nuclear attack, most of the military bases wiped out, radiation clouds spreading across the country. A helicopter is blasted out of the sky between Washington D.C. and New Jersey by a thermo-nuclear blast, and the survivors are discovered by a little boy strolling through blast zone with a stick like Huck Finn in the wee hours of the morning? Who then goes home and gets his mother to come back and save the men? Hello! Nuclear war! Bad time to let your children out to play in the radiation!
Just watched it...a Blair Witch Project ripoff...How could anyone believe that modern video equipment would produce such poor quality...like shoving a guy and the video goes bananas...carrying a monitor around the woods, what a joke, these guys could not carry a monitor across the room...ATF investigating, not a chance in the real world. Even the actors cannot keep a straight face in most of the shots. Blair Which Project built characters from the ground up, this backyard quality movie doesn't even have characters. The title of the movie has it right, the producers, writers, editors, and actors should have seen their last broadcast. I would never pay to see anything of this poor quality. Luke
The two first series are great, the third one is not too bad (fortunately, Melissa George was here), but then it got really bad. When plots got completely messy, zombies appeared and boring characters were introduced, this show became SO rubbish ! The only reason I was keeping on watching was to finally understand the mystery around Rambaldi. But in the end, we'll never know because it's not explained. Not to mention that characters were totally lost in the ending (Irina wanting to destroy Washington and London to have power ??? Are you kidding me ???). It's really disappointing and lots of fans are angry about that. Watching Alias is a waste of time.
Yeah, this is another somewhat typical "big bad critters" movie. Yet something is a little charming about this and the original Tremors. It's not intense or riveting... it won't keep you on the edge of your seat. But it's enjoyable to turn on while paying your bills or doing the dishes. Probably Michael Gross' acting and to some degree Susan Cuang's (nice and spunky - I liked her) made it enjoyable. The characters weren't deep but they were watchable, which is a lot more than can be said about a lot of stereotypical archetypes from Hollywood which TRY to be more. Nice, unassuming movie which doesn't try to be more than it is.
I hated this movie. Yes, Ian Holm is a treasure generally but he overacts in this one. The slice of bohemia aspect never comes to the fore. Nor does the erstwhile theme of artistic exploration. Tucci accomplished all he hoped to accomplish here in The Big Night. In that film we had a visceral appreciation for the joy of "creating," in that case great meals. And there were aspects of the interaction of art and commerce there were explored. Here, Tucci returns to some of those themes, but the return is a mess. Why does Gould not write? Why does Tucci's character ultimately stop writing? What does this tell us about the creative process? Beats me.
Badly synchronized audio together with silly lines and mimicking of "foreign speak". I really don't understand how or where money gets raised to make movies like this. A mish-mash of diabolical characters scheming to perform "dastardly deeds". Although the plot is beyond being obvious I won't spoil the joy of any that are courageous enough to see this thing through the end. Be prepared to feel like bursting out laughing when the really "bad guys" pull some dirty tricks (for the benefit of the creative minds of the authors) with their eyes almost popping out of their orbits. Prague is a truly beautiful city and that is about the only positive aspect of this movie.
This is not the worst film ever made. I can't think of what that one is at the moment. I'll have to wait for my eyes to stop bleeding. Actually, there are two mildly redeeming factors. John Carradine, whose two minutes on screen probably comprised half the movie's budget, and Kitten Natividad dancing topless for about thirty seconds total. Yeah, that's it. Another line. Another line. Another line. Another line. Is that enough for that ridiculously arbitrary ten line rule? Apparently not. Let's keep adding pointless text until this so-called comment meets the minimum requirement for mindless bureaucratic self-aggrandizement. Some suit trying to qualify his or her paycheck came up with this rule, undoubtedly.
This movie is the worst horror movie i've ever seen. Everything sucks; the actors, the plot, the lines, EVERYTHING! By the way, this is a Swedish movie, with Swedish actors, but they all speak English, and it sounds terrible... their grammar isn't exactly 'perfect'. Another thing i have to mention is that you can clearly see a cameraman in a scene where they're driving a car. In the extra-material, they even speak with the cameraman that screwed up the scene.. hmm? If you'r planning to see this movie, don't expect too much, just expect to laugh... a lot!, then everything's gonna be alright. ... but as a comedy, it definitely worth a peek ^^
Even if it is the last movie in the video store and the vendor offers it to you free, do not waste your time. Between catching up on my sleep and counting 'z's, I painfully watched 4 self loathing women in an office space taking full advantage of whatever thinking that it will improve sometime, even if all we do is watch the clock. Terrible waste of time. You could strap me to a chair, perform a root canal without freezing and blast Kenny G... instead of torturing me to watch this awful movie again. Videostore owners... do not put a satisfaction guarantee on it, my wife took the film back to Blockbuster and demanded a credit!
For some reason television has been pretty damn good recently, with CSI, The Shield, Sopranos, etc raising the bar. Yet Deadwood goes beyond all of these. The acting is amazing, the sets are realistic...but most importantly the writing is brilliant. The dialogue is unlike any on television, and because of this the show seems more realistic and engaging than any Western movie or series ever before. Ian MacShane's Swearengen is beyond brilliance...for sheer violence he is more vicious than Tony Soprano or Vic Mackey, yet Swearengen has an intelligence and foresight they both lack. The show is violent, profane...and so is life. Come on HBO, bring Deadwood back...or at least hasten the taping of the new specials.
This is a cheap and tatty generic sci-fi military paranoia paste-up job, using clichés minted in a thousand other movies. It does the best it can on a budget of about ninepence, but that isn't very good. The special effects aren't very special (lots of ordnance expended, and the chameleon effect is interesting), and the alien is poorly executed. The cast (with the exception of Robert Culp, adding a few bucks to the pension fund) is composed of total unknowns, and this movie is not going to change that for any of them. And there is incessant use of the F word to no particular effect. It isn't big and it isn't clever, guys.
Four teens at a UK boarding school decide to skip a school trip and party in the bomb shelter. Soon, they realized they are actually locked in and mayhem ensues. Hmmm...this finally got released on DVD in the US and I am a bit disappointed...the trailer made this seem like a creepy straight-up horror flick, but it is more of a psychological thriller. It is entertaining and not predictable at first, but when you find out what is actually going on it does get a little silly. The performances are mostly good. Thora Birch shines as always. While it isn't groundbreaking or a great film, "The Hole" is better than most contemporary teen horror/thrillers. My Rating: 6.5/10.
If Samuel L. Jackson is going to insist on doing comedy he should stick to the dark kind like Pulp Fiction. As for Eugene Levy, he is not bad as the sidekick but he has done some vastly better comedies. If you want to watch a truly great comedy with Eugene Levy then skip this along with any of the American Pie sequels and rent, nay buy, the Christopher Guest (the genius behind This Is Spinal Tap) movies A Mighty Wind, Best in Show and Waiting For Guffman. In comparison, The Man falls embarrassingly short. A tired, run-of-the-mill script and plot that have been flogged to death by Hollywood. Stick to action, Samuel. Stick with Christopher, Eugene.
I liked this a movie a lot. Everyone that likes comedy and action must watch this movie! I give it a 9.5/10! Comedy and action make a great team. I can't get enough of it, its too funny! The action was great too especially at the end and beginning. The funniest part is where when Boomer conducts John Ma's concert and doesn't know what to do. Its really funny! Infact, everyone should see this movie. I have it and watch it over like at least once a day or twice. Well not for the rest of my life. Its also funny because lots of people fainted because they thought they saw Jackie Chan twice, one after another.
I believe that this movie was well acted as well as well thought out. The Question really is;"How do I tell young people about this terrible tragedy without being to graphic and still holding their attention. I think that the movie answered that question admirably. Kirsten Dunst is a great actress that showed her ability to tell a serious story with a sense of lightheartedness. Let's not forgot Brittany Murphy. She is a highly underrated actress who just barely broke the surface of what she can do in this movie. overall, if your looking to tell/show a group of preteen/teens the story of the holocaust without the brutality then this is the ONLY movie to show them.
This movie is from Roger Cormen(night of the living dead) only this time he is executive producer!!The plot of what there is of one, is aliens kidnapp several humans including Adam Baldwin(Wyatt Earp) . The humans meet some people on board a spaceship. They are in reality aliens disguised as humans. The aliesn leader is played by Robert Englund(Wishmaster,Urban Legend,Nightmare on Elm Street 1-8). Even though it rated "R" it has a pleanty of nudity almost make a "NC-17". The set are pathetic, the acting very wooden and it moves too slowly!!This movie is almost as bad as "Supernova" , but at least the public was spared seeing this lame B grade movie from the big screen!!
I wish I could find this on DVD, I saw it in 1995 when it was shown on public T.V. and was blown away. The choice of musicians for the individual songs is masterful. Nick Cave gives a deliciously creepy take on Mac The Knife, Elvis Costello breathes a wavering pathos into Lost in the Stars, and Charlie Haydon's Speak Low is one of the few instrumental pieces that can bring me to tears. The CD is available on Amazon.com and I highly recommend it. I would comment on the ignorance of the user who complained about this being about "some German guy" but its obvious that person was far out of his depth musically and culturally.
I rented this movie thinking that everybody had been too hard on poor Alicia, who had been wonderful in Clueless and sexy in many an Aerosmith video. I was wrong. It might have been due in part to the non-existent script, but Alicia showed no screen presence at all. Instead, she smoked and drank during the entire flick (is this the moviemakers' attempt to appeal to the teenage crowd this movie is aimed at??). Benicio del Toro's performance was all right, even though (or: because) he seemed to think he was in a remake to the 'Usual Suspects'. In all, if you see only a hundred movies this year, don't let this one be one of them.
Dramas and Romances are usually movies I tend to avoid like the plague most of the time, although on occasion I sit through one or two every so often to remind me that men & women have the same basic emotions and that it is possible to get along and be happy. This movie in particular exemplifies this completely. Its the classic rags to riches type story with an unknown, in this case a tour bus driver, who falls for a movie star and in the process learns a lot about himself, movies, screen-writing, and the joys of life. I highly recommend this as a good family, make-u-feel-good type movie! Overall Rating 4.5 out of 5
I beg to differ. This production was by far the best of the films made of this story. I did not laugh at all. In fact I would like to own a VHS or a DVD of this film, if possible! I loved all the movies featuring Stewart Granger, he was a captivating star! I also liked the actor Ian Ireland, who played Sir Henry. The photography was very good and the film created an ambiance/mood befitting this mystery. Despite the fact that it has been many years since I have seen it and I am not really able to point out specific details, I can safely say that this was an entertaining movie.
Andre de Toth directed this 1954 noir, Crime Wave, starring Sterling Hayden, Gene Nelson, Phyllis Kirk, and Charles Buchinsky, who later became Charles Bronson. Nelson plays Steve Lacey, an ex-con, now married to the beautiful Kirk. He's gone straight, but he is consumed by his past, and former inmates keep calling him for help. When three guys escape from prison and one is injured, they crowd in on Lacey. Holding his wife hostage, they force him to drive the getaway car in a planned robbery. Very neat, gritty, short noir, with Hayden as the tough, no-nonsense cop. de Toth doesn't spare us the mean streets or violence, either, in this fast-moving flick. Recommended for noir/crime fans.
I adore the Prince of Egypt. Such a stellar cast of voices, and the names don't outweigh the movie. The music is fantastic. It has such a diverse audience, you cannot go wrong with this film. We are all familiar with the base story and we are provided a mild, interpretive, inoffensive version to intrigue and open the mind. If not, it can be enjoyed simply for the color, sound, and simple human emotions and actions that glide over right and wrong. I'm in college, and I listen to this movie while studying. I can't escape, humming in the shower, and learning calculus to the goose-bump inducing tones. The sounds of God capture all emotion and awe.
Movies have changed in many ways since this was made. The Adventures of Robin Hood is one of just a few oldies that I can watch. The casting, costuming and sets are all incredible. Its a good thing that this was one of the first movies shot in Technicolor, as that process holds up really well as you can see in the new ca 2003 DVD release, unlike Eastman color films that have all gone to hell. Fantastic greens, purples etc.. make the movie come alive again. Great action and swordplay along with real chemistry between deHavilland and Flynn makes it easy to see why this is on the top 250 movies list right here on IMDB.
I caught this movie late at night while channel surfing and was immediately enthralled. Omar Epps is absolutely fantastic in this movie and his on-screen presence is worth at least viewing this movie once. Shakur was a bit, shall we say, OVERLY dramatic, but not to the point of getting annoying or looking at this as a cheesy "B" movie. The storyline isn't a bad one and serves to entertain as well as teach. It actually succeeds in doing both. Granted, the movie is a bit predictable, but thankfully this doesn't ruin the experience entirely. Overall, I give the movie 8 stars. The only real drawbacks being its somewhat predictability and Shakur's tendency to overact.
This film is unique, you won't ever see anything like it. The animation technique is patented, the characters are original and lively and all scenes are extremely carefully and detailed modeled. The movie is soaked with atmosphere and you can just lean back and enjoy it as you become familiar with each of the different personalities in the film. The exciting car race is wonderfully animated with plenty of details. Having been made 35 years ago this movie is still a winner as the environment it is happening in is kind of timeless, and the animation dolls are just as timeless. This film is a must see! ...and it's very suitable for kids as well.
We have really come a long way in terms of visual storytelling and the types of shows that get produced on television, but when I was watching it, the one thing that stuck out was Bob Fosse's choreography. Especially in the "Ring the Bells" number, it really shows how he was able to bring so much to live. Also, we should remember that a primary reason this was able to be resotred was that he paid so much attention to detail, some technical aspects of the show that they were concerned about were able to be salvaged. On another note, I think you get a somewhat good glimpse of the 70s when you watch this show.
Altogether the premise of this movie doesn't seem all that exciting, now that I really think about it there is not much to this movie but both myself and my sister have an odd obsession with it. It's funny, granted Jason Lee is always funny but the cast puts out some great performances. Not many people have seen this and the reactions to it are mixed. There are some parts with really great narrative and the story moves along quite fluidly. The characters are over the top and make for a very fun movie (Max, Natasha etc.). By no means one of the great films or anything, but definitely one of my favs for sure.
I thought this movie was great! It was very cute but kind of cheesy, I think thats what made it good. It had a great love story in the middle of a mildly sensible crime story. The story of a rich prude, bored with her life, who finally finds something interesting to fulfill her time: skating. But when a man comes to replace their beloved skating rink with a mini mall, she will stop at nothing to stop him. Her skating friends and boyfriend are the only ones who will stick with her. All the while, she has time to practice for a roller boogie contest with her boyfriend and blow away her fellow contestants. Classic!!!
When I heard the fuss about this movie, all I could imagine was nothing except that typical melodramatic Bollywood's theme. And they say this is a good movie indeed. I must admit that they are right. But, surprisingly this movie (even has that common Bollywood theme) is bring a new sensibilities in Bollywood cinema. It's performs more natural style depending the others typical flick such K3G or Kahona Pyar Hai.... Compares with this one, those movie is nothing except trash. This is a serious drama, with realistic plot and fantastic sound track (worth for that MTV Asia Award). In short, this is really a good modern Hindi movies, and I highly recommended this to watch. 8/10
Tom is spending the day at the seaside with his girlfriend and is trying hard to impress her, as usual. But Jerry has stowed away inside the picnic basket and does everything he can to torment him while scoffing the food for himself. You might find this cartoon very, very similar to the more popular Muscle Beach Tom from the 1950s. But this one came first. There are some very funny painful tricks played on Tom, but they do get a little tiresome after a while. But most of them work. Highlights include Tom drinking some very sandy tea and chewing his own broken teeth. How this is physically possible I don't know. But it's funny.
Wow - this movie really blew me away. It managed to tackle an extremely difficult subject with Honor, Love, and Respect for both sides of the issue. I agree with another reviewer that Judith Light was overlooked for an Oscar Nomination that year. What an incredible performance.Cad Allen, too I think gave one of his best performances to date. Can you believe that this is the writer's only work, so far? I hope he is working on other things, as a writer. If anyone who worked on this film reads this....a big CONGRATULATIONS & THANKS! This is what film making should be about. A film that can help to bridge gaps with honesty, understanding, and self awareness.
I discovered this movie through a friend, and my husband and I LA-OOOVE it!!! We actually ended up at the premier in Pittsburgh while visiting and have managed to see it at least a couple more times. It embodies the every-kid experience: "one night my friends and i decide to go after this girl our one friend likes, which is great cause we hate the only other girl he ever liked, and along the way all this crazy sh*t happens." Anyone who's been to high school in the last 30 years will definitely relate, although some may not tolerate the weirdness well. Perhaps if you were a cheerleader in the last 30 years, you may not relate.
Cecilia, an unhappily married woman living in the depression era, escapes the brutality of the real world by watching movies. Then one day, one of the movie characters comes off the screen and into her world. This is a wonderfully made movie and supposedly one of Woody's own favorites. It's also one that can be enjoyed even by people who aren't fans of Woody Allen as he doesn't act in it, so if you caught it on TV you probably wouldn't even know it's one of his movies until the end credits rolled. While I wouldn't rate this among his absolute best, it certainly is an enjoyable experience that I would recommend to just about anybody.
A friend of mine from college showed me this movie. He told me it was really bad, but not in my wildest dreams would I have thought it would be the way it came off as. Imagine every single cliche in a kung fu film and every terrible effect you've seen in a movie...it's all here!!! You know it's gonna be bad when the first two lines are: "My friend, what are you doing?", "If you really wanna know, I'm gonna kill you, bastard!" A technical mess for sure, but I haven't seen a movie that has entertained me as much as this one in a long time. If you like crap cinema, CHECK THIS ONE OUT!!!
This film is good for two things, 1, a drinking game made up by a couple of us. what you do is get yourself a bottle of spirits and watch the film. Every time you cringe at a particularly awful line of dialogue, you take a shot. (you'll be hammered in no time) 2. Like the goats man, its good for inflicting on your unsuspecting friends. you have all been warned. There is only one let up in this atrocious mess. which i will not spoil for you here, but for the most part its just one terrible scene after another that it really becomes difficult to watch. Everyone involved should be embarrassed.
Yes, so there's a lot of violence - so what? I'm personally sick and tired of the gangster-lite presentations of the likes of the Sopranos. Gangsters kill people - and the more psychotic the gangster, and the more willing they are to slaughter people who get in the way then the more successful they'll become. That's the whole point of this movie. Some people think that gangsters should be portrayed as having redeeming features - they don't, that's why the Krays never got out of prison alive. The evocation of 60's London gangsters is particularly good - and cleverly utilises the stylised look of the likes of Performance and Blow Up. Excellent.
I watched this whole series on TV and have most of it on tape and think it's the finest, most realistic and most involving series about prisoners under the Japanese during WWII. I've seen almost every film and tv series made on this subject and TENKO is the best! The actors are consistently wonderful and their circumstances truly harrowing. Anyone who is interested in what prisoners-of-war (and in this case, particularly women) went through will love this show. I just wish it were available on tape in the US. My tapes were made from television and the quality is poor. I would buy this in a minute if it came in the format used here.
Amar akbar anthony is brilliant cinema and full of entertainment. Directed by Manmohan Desai who has made films like coolie, mard and naseeb. Once again Manmohan directs a fabulous movie with action, comesy and family drama. Vinod plays Amar a hindu character and gives a good performance. Rishi plays Akbar and gives a lovable performance. Amitabh plays Anthony and gives an outstanding performance. Amitabh received a Best actor award for his role of Anthony. Shabana Azmi gives a decent performance, Neetu Singh is alright. Parveen babi is lovely, Pran and Nirupa Roy are supporting roles in this movie and give good performances. The movie has loads of great songs, my favorite is My name is Anthony Gonsalves.
"The Endless Summer" it ain't. Still "Gidget" has a cool quality about it, being the original. Though the movie is kinda cheesy in places (a little bit of that surf meets Hollywood thing going' on), but it's cool. Takes me back to the days of surfing L.A. beaches as a kid. If only one could still find a board for $25. And those surfers are definitely hot. Especially that Tom Loughlin dude. A very cool, hot Loverboy. Always thought he was a really good looking guy. That red swimsuit on him is definitely something. In my opinion, "Gidget" edges the "Gidget Goes Hawaiian" sequel. I think it is definitely better than the third one (in Rome) though.
I can NOT understand why this Show was cancelled it was the greatest Show on TV at the time. There had to be a good reason to cancel it. I remember watching this Program when I was in Military Service in West Germany. I did not like it when it was cut off. There has to be some one out there that would know. I've always liked Andy he can play any part they have. Don knots would have been good in this show too. I guess this one was for the Science types. And Back then the science types were the called nerds. Great Show
This is not the "wildly hilarious" comedy that was promised on the DVD cover. This is a relationship movie that has very few funny moments. I was expecting something along the lines of Van Wilder, but this movie is pretty serious. However, the acting isn't bad, and I found myself actually caring about what happened to the characters, though I think I would have enjoyed the story more if they had left out Adam's disgusting house mates. But the gross factor goes along with the National Lampoon tag, I guess. Overall, not bad if you have nothing better to watch. But if you're looking for something funny, you get more laughs out of RV. Seriously.
Am I the only one who thought this series really stunk? Cheesy animation, silly plots, even as a 9-year-old, it gave me a queasy feeling. And I loved cartoons, science fiction and both "Tom Sawyer" and "Huckleberry Finn," all of which were elements of the series. But combining a conventional Twain character with far-fetched fantasy plots was a nauseous mix. I think this is a great example of Hanna-Barbera's cartoon heresies that drug animated films to their historical low point. The mixture of animated and live action is a very difficult concept to pull off. "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" is a good example of where it worked well. This is an example of where it failed miserably.
The television show is somewhat enjoyable, but I have some issues about it. First, the show's main character is in a sad situation because he is working for the devil. Second, demons and fallen angels are never righteous because of their natures. However, some of the plots are enjoyable because they remind me of the Ghostbusters movies and cartoon series because the characters used "vessels" to capture demons and send them back to hell. It is a similar pattern to the way that the Ghostbusters captured spooks through the use of ghost-traps. Therefore, I hope that the second season of Reaper helps to show that the characters have an encounter with God and Jesus Christ.
This top urban thriller was perhaps the best of the films made during the blaxploitation era. The story is grim, bleak and violent and the grit and grime of Harlem is present in every scene. The theme throughout is black vs. white with no subtle shades of gray. Three black men steal money from the Mafia, with predictable results that follow in short order. Anthony Quinn and Yaphet Kotto are police officers with quite different agendas and their relationship is one of mutual dislike. Anthony Franciosa is over-the-top as the Mafia lieutenant and Richard Ward is a gravel-voiced Harlem crime boss who stands up to the Mafia with a brash defiance. Bobby Womack's vocals accompany the film.
Arty but stilted adaptation of Frances Burnett's 1911 novel about a young orphaned girl who comes to stay with her chilly relatives, eventually taking over their rotting garden and transforming it into a sanctuary. Famous story previously filmed in 1949 with Margaret O'Brien in the lead; here, young Kate Maberly isn't so much miscast as she is misplaced; inappropriately dropped into the tale, she's a too-modern tyke representing neither time nor place, and her youthful exuberance is rather exasperating. The handsome, careful art direction and design have led some to call the picture a breakthrough in live-action family films, but the pacing is too leaden and the narrative isn't rich enough for most adults. *1/2 from ****
The Final Patient (Released as 'One Step Closer' in the UK) is a truly engrossing film and you will find yourself mesmerised by the storyline. I've watched several films like this and have always worked out quite early on how the film will end, but surprisingly The Final Patient will have you confused throughout. The movie has only around 10 actors and most of it revolves around Dr. Daniel Green's house and it's inhabitants. The only let down in my opinion was the ending, I feel as if this was rushed and wasn't as good as I hoped it would be. But other than that, superb acting by Cobbs and I definitely suggest you rent this out.
One of the great documentaries of the 1970s . Manages to be both extremely amusing and fascinating thanks to an excellent collection of archival film clips ,a fine narration and some truly inspired original music. The message is clear - i.e. don't knock the guy who comes up with some crazy invention.... his next attempt at the same gadget could sell a million ! A landmark production which all students of documentary making should see . Just one slight "downer" .... the home video release of this title seems to be shorter than the TV version. I can remember several scenes from the original which definitely weren't on the video. A truly memorable and positive viewing experience.
I really enjoyed this movie. The film has this touching relationship between Heather Graham's character and the young man obsessed with capturing her in photos. At first, I was afraid it was borderline stalking, and I kept on waiting for something bad to happen to the young man. Gradually, the boy's photos reveals something deep and personal about Heather Graham's character. When they do finally meet, the outcome is surprising. All the actors put in good performances, especially Heather Graham. If you like character driven movies, then this movie will appeal to you. I also like the pacing of the film. It's slow and methodical. Often films rush through their stories, but this one takes its time.
This was a wonderful but doomed series. I loved and saw every episode and really regret that it was canceled so quickly. Either than means I have terrible taste or America just "didn't get it". I think it was the latter, as a lot of the skits had clever writing and I still laugh about them. There were a lot of high-powered guests on the show, but people just didn't know or care who Thomas was--except for some die-hard Doug & Bob and SCTV fans. I really loved the skit about the three super-scared guys who make an air flight miserable for everyone because they are scared of EVERYTHING--the punch line about the film YENTIL was priceless.
The only thing that disturbed me in this movie is its clear bias towards pro-choice, which is obvious from the very beginning. Unfortunately, it makes the film look like a propaganda piece. However, the movie does provide a very powerful picture of what it is like when you get pregnant and don't want to. Beyond the technical-medical-moral issue of abortion itself, the movie also shows very well how, basically, the main problem of a women living an unexpected pregnancy, be it in 1952, 1974 or 1996, is often that she is downright alone and must face the indifference and despise of society at large and of most people around her - including the father of the baby.
I've enjoyed every major computer animated Pixar and Dreamworks film that I've seen since, well, Toy Story. However, the honeymoon (no pun intended) is over. This tripe is lacking in almost every regard. The story is completely inane. It's moralistic bullshit from the get-go. Of all food industries to criticise, honey is probably one of the least deserving. The jokes are all at best old, more often just not fun. The only thing this movie has going for it is pretty colours and a few visual gags that are quite funny. Perhaps this is the beginning of when computer animated movies will suffer all the bad points of regular (children's) comedies. I sure hope not.
As I watched this movie, I heard all around me little appreciative chuckles from the audience. I like but don't love crossword puzzles (my mother did the double crostics when I was a kid, which were beyond me) and can take them or leave them, but Will Shortz is a gem and the theme of competition is universal. Heck, I don't usually even like documentaries, but I felt as if this funny, courteous, kind, assortment of people was inviting me into a particularly enjoyable party in which nobody was a wallflower. The film-makers deserve credit for the humor and kindness of this film, as well as for the excellent craftsmanship (and their interesting assortment of celebrity interviewees)
Don't go into this movie expecting a modern action adventure film. It's a movie very much of it's time where the bad guys grimaced and the hero's were gentlemen. Hong Kong martial arts movies were and still are made in just a few days and the storyline is rushed through as the emphasis of the movie is the action, and that's not lacking here as Norris stars as the adopted son of a casino owner who is under pressure from the local mafia. It's also one of the few Chuck Norris titles not yet on DVD and I can't understand why! He's on peak fighting form here only a few years after his Karate championship successes.
This is awfulness. This is hideous. I have wasted 2 good hours of my life with this madness. The filmmakers (and actors) should be fined for this. What did I just sit through? Complete stupidity. There should be a warning before every showing of this film that you will experience deep anger, regret, fury, malice and a strong desire to harm the nearest person to you when you finish viewing this film. Why, God, why? I guess the lesson you take from this is, once you know just how bad it can get, you appreciate the merely "not good" ones. I am offended, appalled, disgusted and dismayed. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Ever.
Low budget film-making at it's best. Seriously, this movie is everything an indie film should be. Dark and gritty with plenty of nudity, violence, and drug use. No big name actors, either. Fans of Killing Zoe should definitely check this out. Even though Joe Dekko is obviously a real lowlife, you can't help but like him. Colin Gray O'Hara (whom I have never seen in anything else) gives an outstanding performance. Perhaps we will see more of him in the future. This film has been out for quite a while. I keep hoping that someday it will be released on DVD, but I'm not holding my breath. They don't make movies like this anymore.
I, for one, thought it was a solid, Gothic tale that sad, high school girls will absolutely adore. Izabela Miko and Austin Nichols are great as the star-crossed, darkly romantic leads and the mood and tone throughout the entire film. Art direction is good and the cinematography is well done. The breakout role has to be Beth Grant, who really is a delight as the rigid, creepy disciplinarian assistant. Now, if you are looking for an adaptation of the classic Poe tale, then you'll be disappointed. It's a re-imagining, not like Baz Lurman's ROMEO & JULIET. Instead it is very influenced by Hammer films. All in all, I would consider it a good DVD to check out.
In this surprisingly risqué film made before the Hays code, two men and a woman share an apartment in Paris and talk openly about sex. It's fun to watch, thanks to the witty and sophisticated dialog of Noel Coward, the screenplay by Ben Hecht, and of course the masterful direction of Lubitsch. March is wonderful as a struggling playwright. Hopkins has one of her best roles as a free-loving woman who loves two men but marries a third. Lubitsch elicits a fine comedic performance from Cooper as a hot-tempered artist. In a typical role, Horton plays a stuffed shirt. There's no music, which could make things seem static, but Lubitsch keeps it moving at a breezy pace.
This is without a doubt the worst zombie movie i have ever seen! There really isn't anything good to say about it at all.I read some of the comments made by the films makers ETC, claim this was professionally transferred to video BAHHHHHH.No way known this was done on a real Telecine, I'm with the handy cam filming the image projected onto a wall.For gods sake WHY they bothered shooting it on 8mm is beyond me, but they could have at least had it professionally transferred. I have seen enough professionally transfered films, mostly 16mm but some 8, to know this Isn't one, my father was a Telecine operator for 30+ years for a local TV station.
The novelty of this game wears off very quickly. At first it was fun to play as several of the Simpsons characters but when they started repeating their dialogue for the 50th time it became mighty tedious and tiresome. The gameplay is very simple. If GTA: Vice City is the Lego Technic of road rage games then Simpsons: Road Rage is, without a doubt the Lego Duplo. It is SOOO aimed at kids. No one over the age of 13 will be particularly impressed with this. It's just far to 'safe'. The Simpsons TV show is full of satirical humor and intelligence but this game is just a cheap spin-off aimed at a much younger audience.
This movie was extremely well paced -- there was very good character development without excessive dialog. The story is exciting and thrilling: a modernized Rear Window. The acting was very solid, and every actor, major or minor, sold their part. Shia LeBeouf was a likable protagonist, Carrie-Anne Moss did a great job in her role as the mother, and David Morse played an exceedingly ominous and creepy neighbor. The climax is very suspenseful, although it did contain a few minor lapses in rational behavior by both the heroes and the villain, but I suppose that could be written off as desperation. Overall, it was refreshing to see a well-paced thriller with great suspense, humor, and character development.
I saw the film at the 65th Venice Film Festival yesterday. The red carpet was a huge attraction of course with Brad Pitt and George Clooney. I'm not surprised to tell you that the Coens will not disappoint any fans with Burn After Reading. Two gym employees(Brad Pitt and Frances McDormand) find a computer disc containing Osbourne Cox's (John Malkovic) CIA informations and they try to get money from him. Original story, awesome cast, great direction, many hilarious moments, marvelous acting and highly unpredictable actions are at the rendez-vous. Though the movie is a bit short (95min.), Burn After Reading is a very enjoyable film that you won't soon forget. **** out of 5
More sex scenes with Andrew! I think he's horribly sexy. Followed his career since his first movie "Class" - lots of sex scenes in that movie!!!!! I like Andrew's scenes with Victory. Can't go with Kirby, though - think he's a real turnoff especially after he's filed sexual harassment charges. After all, he stalked her. Nice to see Brook Shields playing a grown up. I liked her decision with the young actress. Too bad Brook's own mother over encouraged her to to stuff beyond her age - it was embarrassing. Nice twist in episode 3. Loved the "b----" written on the coat. It was deliciously funny and not normally seen in prime time.
This film had powerful acting and the plot was good but some scenes made me angry. Sometimes I think the directors have actors do what they think is acceptable for the film not considering whether it's realistic to the audience. What makes a good film is when it's realistic and everybody reacts in a way the majority would. The lesser complaints the better the film. I have several complaints but like I said, it was worth a watch at home. I could think of films that were ruined completely from being unrealistic, which isn't the case here. Like I said, not a strng ghost story but the plot and storyline was good and the acting was dramatic
I saw this last year at the Tribeca Film Festival and I think it's a truly remarkable achievement. (According to the filmmakers, all the interiors were more or less shot on the same set that they kept reconfiguring to make it look like different locations.) This is an extremely entertaining, scary, witty movie that really gets under your skin and somehow manages to convey the atmosphere of a rapidly-vanishing gritty Manhattan as well as life during the Iraq war. I've been waiting with great anticipation for this to come out on DVD, and now that it is, I'm hugely looking forward to seeing it again, and to making it my number one choice for a "party movie."
The racehorse in A GIRL IN EVERY PORT isn't the only thing that's lame. The plot, scripting, pacing and every other facet of this film follow suit. Even the title is misleading, as the ship never sails anywhere, and the only girl involved to any great extent is a stunningly moronic Marie Wilson. This film proves that labored, unfunny "comedies" were being produced long before the current spate of mindless garbage began spewing from our television and movie screens. The characters in this film all appear to have IQ's somewhere in the single digit range. It is indeed sad to see so many talented actors tangled up in this unfortunate yawner. Avoid this film at every opportunity.
This film is a genuine and moving portrayal of growing up in Australia. On some level, the film makes the mundane haunting and beautiful. For people wanting to see the 'real' Australia, rather than the Crocodile Dundee myths, this movie is a classic. Definitely a film for the sentimental thinker. Like most Australian movies, it lacks the big-budget shoot em up special effect American style. It is more laid back, and lets the characters tell their stories. It made quite an impression in Australia when released, but was less successful overseas. The sequel of this movie, "Flirting", starred Nicole Kidman and Thandie Newton, who played a cameo in "Interview with the Vampire" opposite Tom Cruise.
Bonnie Raitt does not mean much in England and I can never figure out why. There are fans, of course, but she never seems to achieve the profile she deserves. Maybe her music is too American (it is, of course, but thats no bad thing). I love her second only to Joni Mitchell. This DVD is knockout-she genuinely loves what she does and does it supremely well. That love of her music it comes through in this stunning live performance. She is surrounded by musicians to die for. I was on holiday this year when she appeared at a nearby venue-it broke my heart-I have yet to see her live-but this concert is a wonderful second best!!
Time Chasers features big chinned, Castleton graduate NICK MILLER (QUE elevator music) and his trusty textured wardrobe wearing friend-to-be-girl-friend LISA (QUE ... nothing). It also features the evil library clerk, CEO dressed J.K. Robertson. Oh yeah, it also has a guy wearing a pink shirt found at the day of the shoot cause he forgot his outfit. The storyline goes from a plane to a grocery store. Plus, a few shots of a plane flying into a camera that's recording a computer screen at the director's house on his off-day. That's all I should say, because the only interesting part was watching the credits to laugh at the fact that this movie actually had people to credit.
Avoid this movie at all costs, everything about it is bad, especially the ending which is almost comical. Here's a hint to American film makers who want to make a movie about the world of the gambler. Gambling is legal in many countries, in fact betting (bookie) shops were legalized in the UK in 1961 ! This means that to many audiences the whole notion of the penniless gambler running away from a bookie who wants to break his legs is just an archaic stereotype. The gambling world should be a fountain of stories for movie makers to film. Instead we normally get the dumb and dumbered down type of nonsense that Player 5150 represents.
Jang-geum's story is engrossing, as other comments have noted, for all sorts of people. Very inspiring for its central moral drama, it is also full of great incidental historical and cultural information. The lead, Yeong-ae Lee, as Jang-geum, is a fine, subtle actress; here's hoping she will appear in more films. Since she apparently was part of the jury at 2006 Berlin Film Festival she should have a wider world cinema audience. Also, the English subtitles are exceptionally well done, but I regret that they don't give English language production information. Those writers, directors, producers and actors deserve to be honored. It is good that IMDb lets us fans research this, though. Thanks IMDb and commenters, too!
Ozon seems to have made here, what he couldn't quite succeed with See The Sea. Charlotte Rampling's performance is so amazing it hurts. But the real credit should be given to Ozon himself. It's surprising for a director of his age to make a film so economic, so mature and hiding the director from the viewer when it's all depending on the director. It's a master's work. It's François Ozon's masterpiece. a touching drama about a woman's denial of her loss, an everyday habit maybe like mentioned in the "waves". the last shot of Charlotte Rampling running on the sands towards the illusion of her husband is amazing. and how ozon cuts it before she ever reaches.
i guess i'm getting to the nostalgic stage in life,and Then Came Bronson is something that readily comes to mind.definitely a show of it's time,it surely borrowed from other shows(Route 66?)but added it's own touch in great writing and acting(Michael Parks).speaking of him,i thought he had disappeared from the planet,but his IMDb resume says differently.Parks difficulties with the shows producers probably caused the series early demise,and that's a pity.watching the show as a kid,i was fascinated that this guy could just pick up and move on at will(whereas i was forced to go to school),on a search to find out something about himself.this probably couldn't be made in todays world,nor should it be.you can't improve on perfection.
One of Bette's best roles, too bad is not available on vhs/dvd yet. This is her first film after her 18 years contract with Warner Bros. ended, and it proved once again what she could do with a meaty part. Besides her deeply felt performance, the most interesting aspect of the film is the excellent direction by Curtis Bernhardt (A Stolen Life) and great camera work by Leo Tover (The Heiress). Watch the way the flashback scenes were shot, they are among the best ever filmed. This is still, a timeless story about about the devastating effects of a divorce. Great script and beautiful music score, this is a hidden treasure, and one of Bette's best films.
This is one gorgeous knockout of horror movie--beautifully directed by De Palma and acted by Amy Irving. The script is elaborate junk, but on imagery alone this ranks with Murnau's Nosferatu and Dreyer's Vampyre as among the greatest horror movies ever made. Like those classics, the imagery is more entrancing than terrifying--I never wanted to hide my eyes. The last half-hour is just incredibly intense. Check out the way De Palma cuts from the Gothic night horror of Douglas's confrontation with his demon son to Amy Irving's cozy sunlit bedroom the next day. I always laugh out loud at this transition--because of course the director is just softening us up for the greatest horror climax in movies.
OK, maybe I'm giving in to nostalgia here but I rented "Footloose" recently and thought it was great. Yes, it's definitely a teen flick, similar to "Dirty Dancing", and aging a little now. But the music is great and the plot and themes do as much for me as "Grease" ever did. As teen movies go, it is somewhat original and interesting. Who should see this film: -- Teens with nothing better to do on a rainy day -- People reliving the 1980s, you won't be disappointed to see this one again I'll give Footloose a 9 out of 10 because it cheered me up on a day I needed it.
Andrew Denton is one of the most respected television interviewers on Australian TV. He allows the interviewees to disclosure their human side which you are less likely to see with other interviewers. He has interviewed people from all walks of life, from Bill Clinton to homeless people. The quality of interviews on "Enough Rope" has been maintained over the years with Andrew Denton having a integral role in programs quality. Enough rope is definitely worth a watch no matter who is being interviewed. The ABC broadcasts "Enough Rope" on Monday nights. If you live outside Australia, Enough Rope is available on Video and DVD from the Australian Broadcasting Corporations "ABC Shop".
I stumbled across this gem a couple of years ago late night after a few drinks. Coming into it about halfway through and a bit drunk i was thrown and unsure whether it was supposed to be taken seriously. Needless to say after a few minutes i soon realised that it was in fact comedy gold. I've just rediscovered it on 4OnDemand after someone reminded me about it in work and its just a good as i remember. Glaringly funny at points however it has fantastic intricacies you only catch the second time around (the old C4 logo needless detail but makes a massive difference). The only further comment i can give is ....WATCH IT!!!
I don't usually write reviews but this film is an exception. No storyline, no character development, no facts, and virtually no sound: This film is purged of everything, leaving only a simplicity which is as beautiful as it is tedious. This film is an empty canvas and allows the viewer to fill in the details and meanings. If the viewer doesn't do that, he's just staring at the blank canvas; if he does, he may discover something very profound. It took me three sittings to finish this film. If you are planning on watching it, clear your mind of any preoccupations and focus on the movie. The experience will probably be well worth the three hours.
Trashing "Perfect" is an act of unnecessary cruelty. A film where every character attaches serious importance to Rolling Stone articles calls for a depth of insight and cinematic brilliance even Welles would have trouble summoning. One wonders what projects Godfather cinematographer Gordon Willis gave up to lend his expertise to this embarrassment. Perhaps this film has value in warning future generations against the emptiness of Trendy Living. If any costume screen tests, outtakes, and deleted scenes featuring Jamie Lee Curtis exist, they could salvage the film for DVD. At 26, the enchanting Ms. Curtis delivered a powerful performance. Her dazzling beauty and inner power are the only facets of this creepy time-capsule that hold up today.
One of the smartest, funniest, and exciting buddy pictures ever made. It has never received the wonderful attention it justly deserves. The performances by the two leads (De Niro and Grodin) are wonderful and they get outstanding support from Joe Pantolino, Dennis Farina, and Yaphet Kotto. But what separates this picture from all the other action / comedies ever made is that the screenplay is so sharp and original. Easily my all time favorite movie - you know how I know that? I must have seen "Midnight Run" at least thirty times and every time I see it, it gets better and better. A true film classic and is getting rereleased on DVD in June of 2003.
I was lucky enough to watch it during an event of a company I work for. I really enjoyed this movie, because of it's editing, wonderful actors and full packed action. The movie tells the same story from 8 different persepectives, most of them from a character view, makes the puzzle clear till the end. Some puzzle parts can be guessed but this makes the movie so fun to watch. Matthew fox acting could be better, but the others are convincing. Cheers to Ayelet Zorer, an Israeli actress who surprises again with her beauty and acting. If you like thriller, action and car chases all in same movie then this movie is for you.
As somebody else stated so well, this is a complete waste of time and money. B-movies can be very entertaining indeed but there is nothing here that appeals to me. Over-exposure of breasts, depicting drug use in a way that is far from reality and poor acting - none of those mentioned appeals to me, sorry. If it appeals to you perhaps this flick is for you. Was there even a plot? I cannot remember myself noticing it if there ever was one. I consider this one to be a complete failure as regards making a college flick with goals set on appealing to young people. 2/10 - my advice is stay away from this one!
I agree with the last comment posted: this movie is far more than what Touchstone promoted it as and more layered than what even the good reviews give it credit for. Themes of prejudice, equality, sexism, and human perseverance quietly lay a foundation for the rousing action and adventure that is being advertised. Man and horse in a survival conflict with nature is what hits one on a visceral level, and Viggo Mortensen and his remarkable mount draw you in. King Aragorn is now the Lord of the Reins. Looking forward to the DVD and hoping for good extra features, but this one has to be seen on the big screen to experience.
I can tell you right now that was a very funny film. It was funny and for anyone thats in the industry, you know how accurate it was. Just the casting sessions and the way they conduct them was so real. Exaggerated a little but real. When he went for that baywatch job as the by-stander and met everyone I just felt for the guy so much. When he was in the make-up chair and he met Carmen Electra I just couldn't watch and that fu*#in smile he had the whole way through the film just killed me. The look on his face every time he was around someone important to him was gold! "Two thumbs up!"
this is one of the best time travel movies i have seen.it's vaguely similar to the Philadelphia Experiment but on a much larger scale.i also think it's a much better movie.for one thing,there's way more tension and suspense and you really can sense the fear and desperation of the ship's crew.this one will have you on the edge of your seat.the acting here is very strong all around.there's no weak link in the bunch.there no slow spots either.the movie flows at a nice steady pace,and keeps you interested right to the end.i'd highly recommend it as a rental at the very least.i purchased a copy which was more than worth it.for me,The Final Countdown is an 8.7/10
May contain spoilers. Grace's Choice is one of the most inspiring movies I've seen. A true story of a teenager who takes on the responsibility of raising her 3 brothers due to their drunken mother's absence. She changes her life and gives up a lot to care for her brothers, keep them together and create a stable, loving home.In the process, through very hard times she manages to work full-time and finish school. I recommend this movie to everyone, it is well worth your time, it shows people anything is possible if you put your heart in it. It is a little bit of a chick flick, but very much worth watching. I give this movie 10/10.
I don't completely understand why HGTV continues to air episodes of this show. Hosts Matt Fox and Shari Hiller certainly have a friendly, down-to-earth manner in sharing their ideas and techniques, and the show is especially useful for learning about simple building and sewing projects. However, the show still fails to inspire, as most people who watch HGTV and follow design magazines will likely find their room makeovers nothing short of tacky. Their selections of paint, fabric, and accessories are rather outdated and kitschy, and they faux finish to the point of excess, dangerously giving viewers the impression that drawing design inspiration from the dining room of a Mimi's Cafe or Olive Garden is a good thing.
Okay, realistically speaking, it is not "excellent" in the grand scope of cinema history...It has virtually no plot, for example. But it's hysterically funny and just makes you feel happy all over. Could it be Sammy Davis Junior and Dean Martin paired as drunken priests in a red Ferrari that makes it so great? Is it the doctor of mysterious origin ("Don't you EVER tell me where you found him!" who seldom needs more than his middle finger for an examination? Perhaps it's Mr Uh, Mr Uh,...Foyt! No, the greatest reason for watching this film is for the sheer joy of experiencing Dom Deluise in orange spandex saving the world...and don't forget! "Hamsters are a big responsibility!"
Oh, be honest. What do you expect when you watch a movie with a name like this. Well, that is what you get. Sure there are lots of perfect and large boobs, some of the best I have ever seen, but that cannot keep you interest lone. Kai Penn tried to make this funny. he was really worth watching, but there just weren't enough jokes to sustain it and what they did have was tired and a rehash of other movies. I could not believe the bad luck they were having trying to get this party going, and I guessed the gag long before it was revealed. I could have done without the speech.
The movie seems to be good but only from the outside.The story has definitely been weaved around amithabh bhachan.The comparison with the character ekalavya of the Mahabharata is too fanciful.I could not find any resemblance with the real character's touchy position. The movie's settings could have carried it off as historical movie but there was a modern tinge to it for no apparent reason.The performance of the characters was up to the mark. The royal guard is given so much importance and it is strange to observe that there are no other servants in the movie. Overall there is a lot of confusion as to whose dharma is right and what is dharma and what generates it.
The golden days of decadent Berlin came to a bloody halt when Hitler's regime took over Germany in the early 1930s and gay men were brought down by simple innuendo and gossip (lesbianism was considered curable, but male homosexuality was "catching"). Early talk of homosexuality in Hitler's ranks precipitated the reinsertion of Paragraph 175, an old anti-sodomy law from the late 1800s, and gays were branded with the lowly Pink Triangle. Forceful documentary on a little talked-about chapter of history has just a handful of elderly witnesses but a superlative presentation of personally-shot footage mixed with telling photographs. Some of the recollections are haunting; the doomed come back to life in these harrowing stories. *** from ****
I have another question about a song in the movie. Right about the time they're talking about Gator punching the cop and showing pictures of him skating when he was a teen, a really awesome punk song is playing in the background and I have no idea who it is. To this date I have downloaded and listened to "Laurie's Lament" by the Vidiots, & "I don't know" by Naked Raygun and neither song is the right one. I'm also familiar with "Space Age Love Song" and that's definitely not it. I think "Surf Beat" by Agent Orange is just an instrumental and this song definitely had lyrics. Any help with this would be greatly appreciated.
"Why Vinnie Jones, why would you star in such a crappy movie? I've seen your movies do so well up to this point, even your performance in X-men 3 was better than this!" This was my very first and last reactions to this flop of a production. The creators of "Legend of the Bog" must be stoned out of their minds! If you manage to obtain any copy of this movie, dispose of it immediately! I've gotta say, I have seen better acting in a porno. I'd expect this kind of production from a high school independent films class, but come on, this is supposed to be the big leagues... STEP IT UP A BIT!
I really do enjoy this remake. It doesn't require too much thinking, you can pretty much be a zombie and enjoy the flick (knuck knuck).... Considering all the other zombie flicks that are out there.. this one is pretty decent The acting is a little campy... the special effects are sort of lame by todays standards.. it never explains why the zombies are there... they just are.. All and all, these components contribute to me enjoying this film. I really do admire George A. Romero and Tom Savini for all their work they have put into Zombie movies... I, myself, am I huge Resident Evil fan but this is classic. 8/10 for zombie genre.
In this one, Daffy plays himself as an actor tired of comedy roles so he pitches J.L. a script called "The Scarlet Pumpernickel" by Daffy Dumas Duck. The duck's the title character hoping to rescue the fair Melissa from the evil Porky Pig. The pig tries to get Sylvester to marry her to keep her from Daffy. Also involved is Elmer (done for the first time by Mel Blanc instead of Arthur Q. Bryan) and the Mama Bear from Chuck Jones' Three Bears cartoons. Nice humorous touches throughout with Daffy, especially, in fine form. I noticed Sylvester doesn't have any whiskers here. Essential viewing for any Jones fan or anyone who loves animated spoofs of old movies.
Well, not probably, but surely the WORST movie EVER! I can't believe it. The thought of people paying to see this piece of crap sends a chill down my spine... The story is, well, lame, about the race that threatens the human kind, and the chosen few who save the day. The special effects look cheap (I personally think that the special effects in this movie were created using MS PAINT... They couldn't be worth more than 20$),not to mention that the actors' performance is weak. Don't do make the same mistake I made. If you have to choose between seeing this movie, and stapling your eye lids to a rally car, staple your eye lids...
I attended the premiere of the movie, FOR THE BIBLE TELLS ME SO, at Sundance on January 21, 2007. It is a powerful movie that opens for discussion the impact of religious teaching on homosexuals in America. It gives support to those within the American public who know and deeply care for some gays in their lives and innately feel that God loves all his children and so should they. Every church congregation and Sunday School Class should see this movie as one audience and then have their own discussion. I believe the result would stimulate an acceptance not heretofore anticipated. The naturalness and obvious commitment of the films director and participants make the impact dramatically strong.
This movie was so much better than I expected, which was a simple romantic comedy with predictable "pass each other in the street" scenarios throughout. I was pleasantly surprised to find a love story that touched my heart. Renuka me non's vulnerability and pride in her Grand father made me cry and Barath's sensitivity and devious behavior were so very sweet.I liked the cartoon character of Barath which is the masterpiece character in Indian cinema.Great and unforgettable movie. This movie was warm, funny, smart and great. Barath and Renuka light up the screen and Barath is the perfect hero! The movie was 2 hours long, felt like 10 minutes, and I didn't want it to be over!
I would only recommend seeing this show if you have a liking for kung-fu movies. The point is that it makes fun of low budget, classic kung fu shows. If you don't laugh and enjoy the bad acting and cheapness of martial arts movies, you won't enjoy this show. In the first 15 minutes of the movie, I was starting to wonder about where James Lew was going with this show, and if he could pull it off successfully. Once you figure out his style of humour, it's enjoyable. Maybe it's just because I have a big kung fu movie collection and I'm of Chinese descent... If you're a true martial arts movie lover, rent this movie.
Not great by any means, but this sleeper, buoyed by a terrific performance by Robert Duvall, is very entertaining. Duvall is a suspended cop tracking down the killers of his partner. The quest leads him to a very sinister Puerto Rican mafioso (Henry Darrow) and more gunfire than you could imagine. The competent but mostly unimaginative direction is by Howard Koch (though he does stage a pretty exciting chase sequence involving a NYC transit bus). The supporting cast includes Verna Bloom as Duvall's long suffering girlfriend and Eddie Egan as his crusty yet benign superior. It's occasionally rousing, never really dull and fairly fast moving. The faux funk music, which is unbelievably intrusive is by J.J. Jackson.
I love this movie. It is so simple. Just an episode from the lives of two girls who have just finished high school. Nothing fancy, nothing spectacular, or unusual. Just a situation that we've all been through, but shown through a different set of eyes. The performances by Thora Birch, Scarlett Johansson (hottie), and Steve Buscemi are very good and the story is heart warming and often very funny. Movies like this are seldom and Hollywood tends to make it's films unnecessarily spectacular these days. It sometimes works, but is often quite ridiculous. Think - Michael Bay. This is film is highly recommended to anyone who cares about life. 10/10 Rated R: profanity
BINGO, in my opinion, is a cute movie about a very special friendship between a boy and a dog. I thought that Hal and Natalie (David Rasche and Cindy Williams) were a little cold-hearted, but Chuckie (Robert J. Steinmilller Jr.) was a very sweet kid. Bingo was a sweet dog, though. He even saved Chuckie in times of trouble. Way to go, Bingo! If you ask me, that's one thing that made the bond between them so special. When Bingo was trying to catch up to Chuckie during his cross-country movie, I felt really moved inside. In conclusion, I highly recommend this movie to all you dog lovers or Cindy Williams fans who have not seen it.
This movie does the best job I've seen in portraying what it must have been like to see and live in Auschwitz. It is a better movie then "Schindler's List" which is avowed to set the standard for movies about the Holocaust. The story is about a conspiracy among some death camp inmates who have been set aside to create temporary labor in the extermination process. Their conspiracy is to destroy the crematoria which are a crucial link in the factory of death that was these special concentration camps. It was especially good to see Keitel and Buscemi in this movie where their reputations and experience prevent it from winding up in the art film ghetto.
I had the pleasure of seeing this picture at one the New York screenings. I was immediately interested in this film when I saw the movie trailer. The trailer promised a film that was intriguing, smart and provocative. Body/Antibody actually exceeded my expectations and delivers extraordinary twists on an age-old story. The compelling plot and the lead actors take you on a journey that brings you to a place where you are stuck in the world of a man's bizarre psychosis. Yet you find yourself empathetic and drawn to his plight. The beautiful cinematography reinforces this repulsively clean and pristine alternative universe. I applaud the filmmakers for preserving the integrity and spirit of independent cinema. Well done!
That's right. Who is Katt Williams. My girl told me to watch him. Wasn't sure about getting a DVD and then it was on Comedy Central. He wore this goofy coat and baseball hat and I thought who is this dude. Then he started talking. He made me laugh as soon as he opened his mouth. The dude is hysterical. Haven't seen anyone like him. He's full of himself. Let's speak plain. He's real arrogant, but he's a player.Especially because of what he says. Anyone who can make you laugh about the weather and walking around a shopping maul is OK, but anyone who can make fatherhood, relationships funny the way he does is great by me.
Do not expect anything spectacular when you rent this movie. A killer starts killing teenage girls and boys which will eventually lead up to the killing of one girl in particular. Their are some interesting murder scenes but the movie is very slow and drags on and on and on. There is the classic who done it, with the blame being but on every one except the real killer. In the end the killer is predictable from the characters actions earlier in the movie and the final chase scene is pretty dull compared to others. Like I've said in my many other reviews watch it only if you're in the mood for some cheesy 80's slasher films.
I also saw this movie when I was young on TV in Los Angeles. It has not shown up anywhere that I'm aware of for nearly 40 years. "China's Little Devils" is a Monogram Picture. Monogram became Allied Artists in the early 50's. They were bought by Lorimar in (I believe) the 80's. The Lorimar catalog was purchased by (again, I believe) Turner Entertainment which was itself acquired by Warners. I hope I've got the "line of authority" straight! But I'm certain that Warners now owns "China's Little Devils" and hopefully we may one day see a video release of this basically forgotten gem from WWII. Warners has released other Monogram titles, so hope is there.
Do not see this film. In most cases, such as that of Ju-On and The Grudge, the Japanese film are infinitely better than the American remake. However, this movie was terrible. The ghosts, much like a trick or treater dressed as a sheet ghost moan and wheeze in an attempt to be scary in the absence of good makeup or special effects and the acting is just horrible. The story itself is inconsistent and confusing, not everything is explained leaving the film to go from bad to worse. Do not waste your time with this movie, it's not worth it and I am sure that there are more entertaining things to do - like watching paint dry.
One of Corbucci's better westerns. The story concerns a bandit (Musante) who wants the legitimacy of being a "revolutionary", but needs the help of a hardened professional (Nero) to do it. Palance gives the movie some of its best moments as a gay gunslinger ( a rival mercenary) out to revenge himself on Musante for humiliating him. Not much plot, but Corbucci's fluid direction keeps it from growing stale and the god performances from the stars make it worth watching. Also look for fun, cynical dialogue and story elements from genre expert Vincenzoni. Contains the dark undertones present in other Corbucci (and Leone) westerns, but not to as great an extent as his masterpiece, "The Great Silence".
Today I have watched "Identity" for the second time in less than two months, now on DVD. Again, I found it an excellent and intriguing film. There are two versions in the DVD, and I selected the one with scenes that were cut in the final edition (the other option was the theatrical version). Now I paid more attention on the details of the plot, trying to identify flaws in the screenplay, but the story is very tight. There are many extras in the DVD, including deleted scenes, making of, filmography, comments etc. It is amazing the filmography of John Cusack, composed mainly of good movies. I keep my initial vote (nine). Title (Brazil): `Identidade' (`Identity')
Excellent movie! Although today the films of this industry are much more sophisticated , Taboo is still amazingly stimulating and not old fashioned at all . It's the best movie in the style I've ever seen . Shocking story but not gross as almost all of the kind . The cast is more than OK !!! When you see this film it seems like nothing really important has been created in the porno gender . It's probably the movie that my parents watched in the secret of their bedroom when I was pay attention to my little cars. The hardcore scenes are correct unlike many of the type that usually lasts too long. A good movie!
OK, I haven't read all the comments yet but I was kinda disturbed of the low rating this movie got. I think it's one of the best Lovecraft Adaptations ever made. Yeah, "Re-Animator" was much more fun, but it didn't stick to the misanthropic atmosphere old HPL used to build. "The Dunwich Horror" is much more disturbing, although it bears all characteristics of a seventies movie like the soundtrack and the clothing, but it still works. Yeah, it's a B-Movie, but It's very well made, from the great title sequence to the vague depiction of the "Monster". I don't think any subsequent movie got closer to the insinuating style of that fascinating weirdo called H. P. Lovecraft.
Wonderful movie with a great storyline and good actors. Vitus, a little swiss genius, starts reading books in kindergarden, drives his schoolteachers crazy with his unbeatable wit and turns out to be a piano prodigy at the age of 5. His mother is very keen on not wasting any time for him becoming a star, but Vitus has different plans and knows how to put them into reality. And how he succeeds in following his own path, becoming a star in the end anyway and manages just by the way to solve the financial problems of his whole family, is really worth seeing. 9 out of 10 for two hours of clever and heartwarming entertainment.
I just saw this movie yesterday and I for one, thought it was a terrific movie. I thought it's messages were great and I especially thought Matt Newton's performance was spectacular. I just felt that the one aspect of the ending didn't really work and that was the fact that Henry never made contact with Anthony again. You would think since he asked him to stay with him in the gym that they would've at lease kept in touch. But overall I thought this movie was very powerful and am still wondering why the critics have been so unkind to it. This includes Kevin Thomas of the L.A. Times who gives every gay movie a good review.
For those of you that like the amount of cruelty and bloodshed in Lady Vengeance, this film will seem subtle. The acting of the female lead is convincing enough to warrant the 106 minutes of it. At first, the movie seemingly revolves around a young woman who kills mercilessly for justice. However, as the story continues, her actions became methodical and preempted. Only at the very end of the story do we actually get to know the angst, grief and pain that forced her into such a state of mind. This movie, although Korean, also reflects on the other Asian societies where wealth, materialism and self-centredness are overshadowing the importance of kindness and virtue.
OK, currently I'm living in China, and I bought what I thought was Jurrasic Park 4...which I didn't think there was. Well, there isn't...at least not yet, Steven Spielberg is about to produce it in 2009 or 2010. So when I put this DVD in, to my surprise, the only dinosaurs I saw was stolen stock footage from Jurrasic Park 3 which they continued to play over and over again but without any real relevance to the story/plot. Now I noticed that the other comments on this page didn't mention anything about this stolen stock footage, so I guess I should feel lucky that the Chinese steal everything and sell it cheap too. Awesomely bad movie!
Elfen Lied is notorious, at least among fans of anime, for its graphic violence and frequent nudity. However, these aspects are merely part of what is in fact an excellent series. More than just an unsettling mix of cute little girls and intense gore, Elfen Lied is a series about nature vs. nurture, love vs. hate, the future of humanity, and similar themes. Yes, the show is quite violent, but this violence underscores these themes well and as we later learn, is not merely just a product of instinctual brutality. With only thirteen episodes in total, Elfen Lied is short but sweet and well worth watching. Just remember, you'll never look at cat-girls the same way again.
As a son who grew up in a family of communists, I found this movie very insightful: the twists and turns of what fervent idealists took to be worker's paradise through the 50s, 60s, 70s and then to the end of the dream in the late 80s/early 90s was very well portrayed, especially with Judy Davis' stalwart commitment, which was portrayed quite sympathetically; the dark side of her family relationships was also poignantly sketched, as were her son's struggles with history: both global and personal; all in all, a superb blend of the comic and the dramatic: a genre it's very easy to screw up and is rarely, if ever, handled as deftly as it was here.
The Pros To me, the premise is hilarious - Stalin's love child. I'm always happy to spend two hours watching Judy Davis. I think she's just great. I saw this movie just before I got sick of seeing Sam Neil everywhere and I remember thinking he was neat. The world of Stalin is absolutely hilarious. F. Murray Abraham pulls off a number of macabre gags with great presence. Also, it's a wry look at political activism and some of the poses that resemble it. The Cons Gets boring after the first half and the premise doesn't add up to much. Worth seeing just for the courtship of Stalin alone.
I was highly surprised that this pearl of a movie has only an average rating here in IMDb, because this is one of the finest comedies of all-time! I saw it already more then a dozen in the last ten years and will never get bored of it. The humor in this movie is often sexual, but never on the low level the teenager-comedies of the last years have. See this movie, enjoy it. Anthony Hopkins alone shows, how good he is in a comedy, too. Hannibal Lecter as John Kellogg? What a wonderful idea! Either if you are pleased about the wonderful cast or you like the issue and the jokes in it.
Firstly I have to say that this is not your usual stereotype Jewish holocaust movie: It goes much, much beyond any ideological rhetoric, to deal with Human condition.However, you have the Concentration Camp as a background for one of the best contemporary playwrights (arguably The best!) to create and develop his masterpiece .It is worthwhile to know that Arthur Miller persisted in his demand to put Venessa Redgrave in the the leading role, in spite of all the threats and protests of JDL.Here, she presents one of her most magnificent performances as an Artist trapped in the most dehumanizing conditions one could imagine.The dialogue is absolutely superb, and the actings are quite decent.A must see.
Point No 1:-Real Madrid Being Such A Foolish Club Can Never Find Talent's Like This...They Only Buy Players Who Already Have A Worldclass Reputation & Make Them Less Than Useless & Sell Them Point No 2:-Real Madrid Can Never Win The Champions League Again....For At least Another 3 to 4 Years...Their Fans Can Stop Dreaming..... Point No 3:-Real Madrid Fans Call Their Team The Club Of The Century Actually It Is The Joke Of The Century..... Point No 4:-They Are A Utter Piece Of Sh*t Have Many Things To Say But I Don't Want To Waste My Time On This...... .................... ..... ......... ....................... ....... .......... ..... .... ....................... ................................ .................. .......... ................. ............ ............ ..... .............
Taxi (2004) Queen Latifah, Jimmy Fallon, Ann-Margret, Henry Simmons, Jennifer Esposito, Giselle Bundchen, D: Tim Story. Hopeless comedy-action fare throws a hapless Manhattan cop into the suped-up taxi of a mouthy cabbie who helps him chase four leggy Portuguese supermodels robbing banks. The opening scenewhere an athletic bike messenger, obviously a stunt double, rushes through the citywill insult anyone's intelligence when the messenger removes his helmet to reveal Latifah herself. Right from the start, the two stars' comic bickering is tiresome, and Fallon's thickheaded character helps sink this unfunny movie. Only real value are some gratuitous shots of scantily-dressed Bundchen and her Victoria's Secret cohorts. Remake of the French film series. 97 min., rated PG-13. * ½
Hard to imagine that this film is rated under a 6.0 on imdb. I would place it easily among the top 50 comedies of all time. Michael J. Fox plays a hard charging Dr. Ben Stone, with David Ogden Stiers giving a world class performance as the small town mayor that needs a new doctor, and also knows a thing or two about happiness. And then there is Nurse Packer who believes in procedure and punchcards, Julie Warner providing a memorable 'swimming' performance, fishing without hooks, the squash festival, a great rendition of Patsy Cline's "Crazy", and of course, the Pakistani. Way underrated movie that stands up over time. 9 out of 10
I just got back from the movie not more then 30 minutes ago and I am still in a mood I have not felt since I don't know when.. It was so passionate, exciting, real... Paul Reiser did a excellent job as he always has in this movie.. And I am so happy to see Bruce Willis in movies that show his real talent.. Michelle Pfieffer was amazingly wonderful in the roll of Katie. I don't know how this movie can not be nominated for a Academy Award, let alone win it.. I am looking forward to see this movie over and over again.. I truly don't think 10 Stars is high enough for this one..
Did any other wonder, after Connie drove to Michelle's home in the NM van she had stolen, why Michelle didn't (a) get the license plate number and (b) call the investigator who had been working her case???? I'm hoping that this was just a production error Other than these points, my husband and I loved the movie, knowing that identity theft can happen to anyone under any circumstance. I'm so glad that, since Michelle's ordeal, legislation has been implemented for tougher sentences. It's so unfortunate that identity theft occurs every six seconds as stated in the movie. It just might be worth closing established accounts and open new ones every so often to help prevent it.
We all said at some point 'this was the worst movie i have ever seen',but common...this movie is a shame.I watch 'behind the scenes' or making of' of almost every movie I see...All the actors had only great words regarding the director and his work.The bad part is that even Carradine talked nice about him and the movie.Even Carradine?Well,he's good,maybe we think too much of him,i don't know.In my opinion,the director had the entire fault.Some should just do something else with the money,even donate...but stop doing 'things' like 'Brothers in arms'.I could say a lot of bad words,but i'm not gonna bother no more...1 is way to good for this movie..we should start our votes from 0,1
Director John Woo has a powerful and explosive style that will leave you breathless after watching this extremely violent action flick.The camera is everywhere flying from place to place.And there are people everywhere.All of them firing a gun or two.I have never seen such energy before.The violence in "Hardboiled" is very brutal and well directed.The last half hour of this film,which take place in the hospital is full of inventive action sequences.Chow Yun-Fat is really good as a tough policeman and it's also very nice to see Anthony Wong("Bunman:Human Meat Pies","Dr Lamb","Bullet in the Head")-what a great performance!I like Hong Kong-action films by John Woo.Anyway, if you're tired of Hollywood's action trash,then this one is a must-see.Recommended!
This movie is silly and campy and total '80s, but it's very entertaining and the soundtrack is completely amazing, featuring artists like Cheap Trick, Beach Boys and Ian Hunter among others. Like most campy '80s movies, this plot is predictable and the outcome is typical, but it's fun to watch the adventures of Bob McGraw and the gang. Tim Matheson plays a similar role to his Eric Straton character from Animal House. Ironically (and completely on purpose) the movie Van Wilder, featuring Ryan Reynolds, casts Tim Matheson as Van's uptight father. The irony is that Van Wilder is very similar to Bob McGraw from 20 years earlier. In Van Wilder, however, Matheson plays the exact opposite character.
This is one of the finest and lowest budget indie films I've seen recently. The comedy is far better than that of the over-acclaimed Napolian Dynamite, I recommend trying to find this at a local theater. Its showing in Rochester NY at the end of June. Much of the film was shot in the director's home town of Rochester, its worth seeing if you live there because of all the recognizable land marks. Drivers wanted defines itself with a distinctive comedy style, very character based, very easy to relate to. Anyone who has worked as a delivery boy would love the film, it touches on every sort of ridiculous moment that you've probably encountered on the job.
A very natural and enjoyable film which I happened to fine just by chance. The atmosphere and slightly unconventional plot coupled with superb acting, directing, and script "writing" has allowed me to watch the movie more then twice with no disappointment Mr. Duvall is at his finest and I wait to see his beautiful co-star in another production. I am sure there might be detractors out there, but that would be because they lack good judgment. I especially enjoyed the impromptu scenes between Mr. Duvall and Miss Pedraza, to me, were worth seeing over and over, of course this might also be due to her great beauty. I have recommended this movie to all of my friends.
Richard Rayond did a phenomenal job in the directing of "The Bridge." It is a FANTASTIC movie. Andrea Corr, the lead actress whom played Mary, is a force to be reckoned with, she is incredible, she portrays her character so well, she IS her!! This movie is a perfect mix of emotion and intrigue, compelling it's viewers into a new dimension. We give it a 10 out of 10 stars, it is PURE PERFECTION, an absolute masterpiece!! Anyone who gets the chance to see this wonderful short film, please do!!! You will be inspired from beginning to end, there is no stopping it. It was also the official selection at several film festivals. A+++++! Alisha & Lisa
Enjoyable French comedy with funny scenario and inspiring cast. In a way, it reminds me Danny De Vito's "The war of the roses": how a simple idea (there, a case of divorce; here, dad and mom wanting to get rid of his 28 year old son) can be handled with such a black sense of humor, mixing fun and fierce satire at the same time. Unfortunately (and without giving much away), "Tanguy" resents a little from his length and refuses to go further on his almost surreal developed premise taking a kind and conformist turn in the end. Nevertheless, it's much more than entertainment: you'll be amused and will think about its subject after leaving the cinema.
Bugs is looking for a "sanctuary" as hunters are firing all around him. He digs a deep hole and comes out in the yard of "Sing Song" prison, where a guard immediately captures him. That guard - Sam Schultz - is really Yosemite Sam, as we know him, with a prison guard's uniform. Sam puts the stripes on Bugs and has him pounding rocks. (All the old prison movie clichés are used in this cartoon.) The rest of the animated short has Bugs trying to escape from the prison, getting caught all the time, and constantly outwitting the dumb "Sam Schultz" with every ploy....at least temporarily. The humor is decent, about average, but very watchable.
The young Oliver and Richardson -- especially Richardson -- are obviously having a ball in this mix of spies, high adventure, and tongue in cheek comedy According to Michael Powell, the two stars tore up the script, and devised their own scenes, and the pleasure they have in sending up the material, and in each other's work, shines through. (In fact, once or twice, Oliver seems to be trying not to crack up at Richardson's antics.) Patrick Macnee says he based The Avengers' John Steed on Richardson's character in this film, and that, too, shows. Thrills, spills,secret rays, gags and eccentric British characters, and villains from a country suspiciously reminiscent of Germany, but not named in 1938.
This is a typical Tex Avery short: he takes an idea from anther source (here it's a poem by Robert W. Service, an idea he would use again at MGM), follow the basic concept and toss in every oddball sight gag or joke that could be shoehorned in in the 7 or 8 minute length. An interesting point here is that Arthur Q. Bryan does the voice for the title character, in the voice he would use as Elmer Fudd for a great many years. It really is strange hearing that voice from another character. Good cartoon, although the one Avery did at MGM was just a touch better than this one. Well worth seeking out. Recommended.
Ex-commander Steiger and three of his army buddies go to Canada for a little duck hunting.Steiger,grieving for his son lost in the Vietnam War, gets ballistic when he finds out that Huffman,who's running the camp,is a deserter.A violent shootout occurs as Steiger and his friends go after Huffman and his girlfriend Mattson with tragic results."Wolf Lake" plays like an exciting mix of "Deliverance","Straw Dogs" and "Open Season".It's a tense and extremely well-acted survival thriller with some great scenes of violence.The shootout begins after the rape of Huffman's girlfriend.So if you are a fan of survival cinema you can't miss "Wolf Lake".It's a crying shame that such obscure Canadian movies are still unavailable on DVD.9 out of 10.
I'm only on to the second season, but this show is now one of my favorite anime! The plot with Naraku is interesting, though I found it a bit convoluted at first. But once I watched the episodes explaining who and what he is, and what he did, everything made sense. Reading some online spoilers also helped ^_^ As I'm not that far along into the story, there isn't much that I have to say. I don't know why, but when I first saw the ads for this show on YTV, I thought that it looked stupid. I thought that it would a plot less, action based story for guys. Was I ever wrong!
James Riffel's "Dead Dudes in the House" has to be one of Troma's best.There is plenty of gore,some scary scenes plus a lot of cheese.The plot involves a group of young people going to fix up an old secluded house and falling victim to the murderous 100 year old lady named Abigail who proceeds to slash them up and bring them back as zombie-like killers."Dead Dudes in the House" is loaded with plenty of gore and violence.The script is pretty mediocre and there are some dull spots,but overlook that and you have an enjoyable low-budget gorefest.The scene,where one guy is cut in half by window is a hoot.Check it out,if you can find it.7 out of 10.
An excellent movie my today's standards. There are no "F" words, no visual sex, & the only nudity is a brief shot of the top portion of a woman's breasts (no nipples shown) before the camera cuts away to another scene. I would recommend this to any parent wanting a movie that they can show in a mixed audience of teens/pre-teens. If it were made today, it would probably receive a PG rating. Robby Benson & Glynnis O'Connor play their parts well. The movie manages to capture the haunting atmosphere of the song by Bobbie Gentry. I saw it for the first time when I was 15 in 1976 and I still love to watch it.
Somebody took the money and ran. C. Thomas Howell, Stella Stevens, Martin Kove and Andrew Pine put forth a minute portion of their abilities and compete with what looks like blow-up plastic ants the size of a house cat. Of course, an experiment goes wrong and giant genetically-engineered ants become out of control in search of human flesh. A small group of folks happen to be in a skyscraper on a Saturday afternoon and become the prey of these overgrown blood-thirsty insects. Howell tries to play so laid-back its pathetic. And Miss Stevens, the once sexy knockout...becomes stuffy and guilty of bad over-acting. Here is another case of the DVD package being more interesting than the movie.
You don't have to agree with its message to enjoy the first "Walking Tall". Certainly not as violent as the "Dirty Harry" pictures, but just as unsubtle, it was a powerful movie with a totally convincing, appropriately square performance by Joe Don Baker. The first sequel, in which Baker was replaced by Bo Svenson, was a boring, by-the-numbers follow-up, with none of the force of the original. The second sequel is even worse; talky and drab, it exploits (in an almost cannibalistic way) the first movie by lifting and recreating the most famous sequences from it. There are a few good moments (when Pusser picks up his trusty bat), but they are very scarce.
Dan Aykroyd and Jane Curtin reprise their roles from Saturday Night Live on to the big screen. The film is filled with countless classic cameos that really make this film. Jason Alexander as the follically challenged neighbor and Chris Farley as Connie Conehead's boyfriend are especially hilarious. I really wondered if you could pull off a feature film from basically a 5 minute TV skit...but the script is so well written with so many funny jokes...David Spade is another who delivers line after line as the smarmy kiss butt assistant to Michael McKean's character. But its the talent of Aykroyd and Curtin, two comedy veterans who really drive this one home. Laughs all around, I loved it!
In 1991 in Nicaragua, an American reporter recognizes four soldiers he met in the World War II who have not aged. He realizes that the group is a vampire platoon. The premise of "The Lost Platoon" is very interesting, and there is a good camera work that recalls "Evil Dead". However, the screenplay is silly and direction and the performance of the cast is very weak. The ideology hidden in the plot, defending the intervention of the American government in the Civil War of Nicaragua is also a crap. The cover of the DVD is very attractive and probably is the best of this forgettable flick. My vote is four. Title (Brazil): "Pelotão Vampiro" ("Vampire Platoon")
When I first heard about "Night on Earth" I thought it was one of the typical award-winning Arthaus- movies your girlfriend forces you to watch. I mean, 120 minutes watching people in taxis? But it was really entertaining, especially the scenes with Roberto Benigni and Armin Mueller-Stahl. I could Benigni watch for the whole 120 minutes talking to himself. (Talking? Singing, screaming, yelling, poking fun, ... and his interlocutor, the deserted, silent, dark, somewhat morbid streets of a beautiful Roman night) So, if your an Arthaus-sceptic like me, give this one a try. Buy the DVD and, if your girlfriend wants you to watch anything that sounds boring, suggest that one in response, you'll not be disappointed.
Seeing BIG NIGHT for the 2nd time, I am struck that this movie is essentially a film to showcase the actors. Many of the scenes appear to be improvised, almost acting-class exercises. And the acting is indeed a joy to watch, particularly the great Tony Shalhoub, who is so often under-used. Plotwise, the film is a bit slow and visually not particularly striking. The acting's the thing! P.S. I disagree with another poster's assertion that Minnie Driver was cast for her "star power"; at the time of this film she was mostly known for CIRCLE OF FRIENDS and (somewhat) for GOLDENEYE, and was still part of that indy-film group of actors that included Scott, Tucci, etc.
I loved the first Michael Davis movie, Eight Days a Week. It was charming and cute. The second one was mostly a rehash of the first but pretty good. This one though is truly awful. The movie tries really hard, all Michael Davis movies do, but the level of humor for the most part is really crass and hackneyed. What was cute and clever in the first two is now bland and bitter. I wanted to at least like this movie, but there is so much here that is truly awful and/or stupid. I could go on, but I won't. Check out Eight Days a Week and 100 Girls. Avoid this clunker.
Joe Eszterhas co-authored this screenplay (from an original treatment by he and Richard Marquand) about a convict (the able-bodied but colorless Jean-Claude Van Damme) who is on the run from the law after a prison-bus breakout. He takes up with a small town single mom (Rosanna Arquette) who seems ready to love him no matter what his crimes! Vehicle for action-star Van Damme begins quite well but quickly degenerates into sap and silliness. Eszterhas' plot is thin and derivative, not to mention ridiculous, and Arquette is pretty much wasted. There's a surprisingly minimal amount of visual excitement after the opening bust-out; that's all well and good, except that nothing of interest takes its place. *1/2 from ****
I just love, love, love this film. The cast is perfect, right down to all the bit-parts. At first I was bothered by DM's accent (& her blonde hair is a shame) but the sweet script transcends all that. All the characters are pitch perfect, the lines so funny & the message inspiring! The locations are also great, I don't know where this is in NYC, but I would love to live there! I think Jeff Daniels is simply brilliant in this film, and Mary Steenbergen too. The scene where DM tells her she's a singer is lovely & the sparky scenes between JD & DM are so sweet and funny too! www.menmoneyandchocolate.com
5 minutes into the movie, and I have already figured out what the ending would be. Nevertheless, I decided to sit through the movie just to see the special effects. The movie could have been much more. IMHO, too much time has been spent on the introductory part - wandering around the house, etc. But wandering is exactly how the movie is... It has a hard time trying to decide whether it is a horror or a psychological thriller and ends up being neither. Minor spoiler: When the approached the chair and were about the turn it over, I kept telling myself - not another "Psycho" rip-off again... End of minor spoiler...
This film is one of those rare treats that you see on a TV channel from time to time. The plot is a standard and unsurprising affair but what sets it apart is James Woods' sardonic, cynical and hilarious portrayal of a tough, world weary cop who has no time for 'do-gooders' and over sensitive types. It just goes to show that the talented input of one actor can turn an unremarkable film into something special. Cinematic magic... If you liked the Onion Fields or is role in any number of films that would otherwise have been pants then you will like this film. Long may he continue to be on of the movie business's greatest assets...
The four main characters complemented each other very well. The movie was very intelligently written. It was funny and moving. The ending is quite appropriate as the overall film is just a snapshot of one Friday night of these four bickering friends. I'm especially fond of Nestor Serrano's work in portraying Vinny/Fernando. Even though he was supposed to be a selfish womanizer, he did have certain qualities that made me sympathize with him. (For example, he did come to Willie's aid when he was thrown out of the party by the bigots, even though it meant giving up a chance with one of the few women in the movie who didn't flat out ignore his come-ons.)
SHIVERS (aka THEY CAME FROM WITHIN) is another pretty twisted outing from freak-o Canadian director David Cronenburg. SHIVERS is not nearly as memorable as some of Cronenburg's other works (VIDEODROME, THE FLY or my personal favorite - THE BROOD...) but it is still worth a look for anyone that is into Cronenburg's strange cinema. SHIVERS is about parasites that enter their human hosts and cause them to do all kinds of strange sexual and violent things. Pretty cool concept that is handled well, and the film is both weird and entertaining as only Cronenburg can do it. Again, not the best of his films by any means, but still solid. Give it a shot - 7.5/10
Certainly, if the movie carried a specifically designed tone to make the viewer's heads explode it would've been worse. Actually, halfway through, I was praying for such a tone. I've never fast-fowarded through a nude scene before this movie, but the dialog voided out the excitement from the nudity. Misty Mundae is an attractive woman; however, it takes more than beauty to save this movie. It would take all the best doctors in the east to save this movie and, even then, I doubt it could be anything more than something to separate channel 357 from 359. Well, that was what was bad about the movie. What follows is what was good about the movie:
I've never read the books but after this movie I'm ready to take a trip to the bookstore. It did feel surprisingly rushed though and I hope this is at least a trilogy from the way they ended it which was also a bit confusing for the audience. There were some questions that hopefully will be better explained in the books. The main being the ending seen of all the kids grown up then going through the wardrobe again as children. Action packed and heart warming. Teaches us the importance of family, friendship, and not being in such a rush to grow up and stop believing in the unbelievable. Over all a high 10 out of 10.
I picked up this movie because I'll watch any horror movie. I was surprised to find it was actually pretty good and fairly scary. The acting ranged from quite good to ham, and although I wished the scarecrow didn't talk it was still a pretty creepy-looking horror villain. Jeff Burr has proven himself to be an okay genre director. His first movie, The Offspring, was great, and his Stepfather and Pumpkinhead sequels were better than average. Even Leatherface was okay, though his version of the movie was seriously tampered with before release. Night of the Scarecrow doesn't make me long to see his other movies, but I'd pick them up if I tripped over them.
This is an excellent film, and highly recommended. Its script is absolutely wonderful, showing the protagonist having a dark and ugly side, yet possessing the ability to express his sensitivity, as a classical pianist, through music, as he prepares for an audition with an agent. The juxtaposition of the two opposing sides of the protagonist lends the film an unexpected power and impact. It is a violent film, yet a humorous one at the same time, with great acting. De battre mon coeur is a remake of Fingers, which unfortunately I have not seen (yet). I can only hope that the French film will be released in The Netherlands as well, so I can see it again.
This episode has EVERYTHING! From Milton, the retiree who quotes Longfellow, to a romantic comment between Grissom and Sarah. Who dunnit? Everyone! Cause of death? Everything! A great guest cast, headed by James Whitmore, does an outstanding job in a super setting. A whorehouse in the desert, populated with old coots, beautiful ladies, an inept local constable, and strung out Happy hisself- one of those characters "who needed killing." If Emmy awards aren't given to the writers, cast, special effects artists- it will really be a CRIME. I really, really need some comic relief, and this episode just made me grin from ear to ear. Thank you, CSI producers- this was the best of the best.
"7 Seconds" was a goofy film. Of course it's full of clichés and stupid one-liners, but there's a lot of action and charm to spare. It's way better than "Unstoppable". Wesley Snipes plays Jack Tulliver, a thief who inadvertently steals an expensive Van Gogh painting. Now tons of gangsters are after him: dead or alive. Wesley Snipes was great as usual as the wise-cracking hero. The first car chase was a ton of fun and the action-packed climax was very cool. I'm surprised this went DTV. Wesley is too good for that fate. If he does another drama in the vein of "Disappearing Acts" and lay low on the action films, he can be on top again.
I saw the movie and I can't say that "7 Seconds" is one of my favorites, but i enjoy the scenes from Bucharest. I was amazed seeing "Palace of the Parliament" the second large building after Pentagon, and other buildings. It's a nice movie on this perspective. Specking about the script, I can't really say it's original or very fascinate, they must to improve a lit a bit the scenes. That's my opinion; I hope you can make an idea about the movie just reading my little article or maybe you will be more interest by some details about the film or the places where they turn. That's my firs comment, but I hope it's quite good.
The Bodyguard is fundamentally a love story between two contrasting characters with their own idiosyncrasies. The plot is intriguing enough to carry the film through and the romance between Costner and Houston builds steadily and realistically. With some decent action scenes, a decent cast and a great soundtrack, i found the Bodyguard to be an enjoyable movie. Clearly this film is not for everyone, it doesn't have enough action to satisfy the action fans, it isn't thrilling enough to be a thriller and as a pure romance film it is fairly weak; but i have to admit it does balance between these 3 genres quite well without excelling in any one of them. 7/10
The acting is awkward and creepy, and not in a good way...at all. The writing, the dialogue, and the chemistry between the actors is horrible. Nothing makes sense and every close-up of an actor's expression or reaction lasts 3 or 4 seconds too long, making it seem like a Mexican Soap Opera (telenovela). Everything about the writing is unrealistic, and all of the actors involved make it that much worse with their campy interpretations of the script. Am I the only one who sees this??? To use the word cheesy to describe this Canadian disaster would be the understatement of the century. Did the director even watch the final cut before it was put on the air???
John Ford made this another great film classic for future generations and a great learning film. Henry Fonda(Priest/and Fugitive) gave a wonderful performance along with Dolores del Rio (An Indian Woman). This black and white film made the horrors of prison life very real and uncomfortable. J.Carrol Naish(Police Informer) ran after Fonda throughout the entire picture. Leo Carrillo(Chief of Police)(famous for his acting in the Cisco Kid Movies) ruled his corrupt jail with an iron fist. Ward Bond had to make an appearance as (El Gringo) and if you look real fast, you will see Mel Ferrer as Father Serra) All of John Ford's films were great in the 30's and 40's and will always remain so.
This movie is not considered to be really worth watching, but I disagree. It does have some parts that don't really work, and a couple of bad actors. It had the potential to be really excellent. The story is really unique, and intriguing. It's also quite scary - especially the start, in the scene with Daffy. It also had really good effects - the computer game bit freaked me out. Leonardo DiCaprio did a pretty good job in it. Especially in the part where he has to retrieve the map. Everyone will hate Sal, which means she's a good actress, because you're supposed to hate her. Overall it's a pretty good movie, and you should see it.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw this film. I knew that it was 4 parts, all thrillers and each somewhat related to the others. I was surprised at how entertaining the movie was. Each part had something in it to make you laugh, groan, roll your eyes and even jump out of your seat. I especially enjoyed The Psychic and it's attention to details (pay close attention to Madam Badeau's shop). The music added to the suspense and terrified the person I was sitting with. The film did need some work with lighting and sound but overall was a fun flick and definitely a thumbs up for people who enjoy this genre.
"Iron Jawed Angels" is an HBO historical biopic/docudrama which turns the lens on Swank who delivers a sterling performance as Quaker, suffragist, and women's right activist Alice Paul during her campaign to secure the 19th Constitutional amendment. Director Katja von Garnier, who gave us the wonderfully hip girl-power cult flick "Bandits", takes on the daunting task of delivering an entertaining film about a somewhat dry, esoteric subject and a relatively unknown character (as history goes) and succeeds. Sometimes whimsical, sometimes intense, spritzed with humor and drama, and packed with zingers and maxims, "Iron Jawed Angels" may be a chick flick but no man can deny nor should fail to appreciate the grace and beauty is delivers. (B+)
Powerful viking movie shot on Iceland, using a cowboy manuscript for sure! The mowie portrays the cruelty, tenderness, pride and extreme violence of that era, with great reality. Still there is that bit of the lone gunman out on the prairie,(here knife-thrower on the island Iceland) which just adds to the magnificent story of revenge. Gest (main character) comes to Iceland seeking revenge over the men who slaughtered his parents and kidnapped his sister in a viking raid in Ireland. Here he finds that his sister has married one of them. Psychologically fast paced, as is the chain of events. Daring new use of music for this genre of movie, at times not all that successful.
I was hoping for a nice, solid portable Grand Theft Auto ever since I first played Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas a while back. Well, God must've known this and have been against me, because this is the terrible portable Grand Theft Auto I get. It is not at all fun to me, and is only worth buying if you really want a portable Grand Theft Auto, but in that case, you should buy Vice City Stories, and not this crummy game. It's more dull and boring than anything, and makes the Grand Theft Auto franchise look stupid. It is a terrible game that even the most die-hard fan of Grand Theft Auto will despise. 1/10
I've seen the other shows like this, SNL, MadTV, etc, but this was the best while it lasted. I check YouTube weekly to see if anyone has upload an new clips from it. My favorite feature was Tommy Blaze doing the news, and my favorite skit was the Sesame Street muppet political skit. I think Bert had received the nomination and Ernie was begging him for a job in his administration, but Bert had since distanced himself from the cookie and milk addict and was trying to brush him off. It was truly hilarious. I don't know why the producers don't put the shows on a DVD. I'd pay 20 bucks for it, and I'm cheap.
This is a hugely disappointing sequel and doesn't do justice to the original. One would think that whomever decided to make a sequel, they would at least start with half decent script. I've rarely heard such appallingly bad dialogue. It is also, as others have pointed out, insulting to the British. The only good thing about the film is Joan Severance, despite her constant smoking. She may not be a great actress but anyone who thinks that Joan Severance is totally devoid of sex appeal is devoid of a pulse in my opinion. Though not in Linda Fiorentino's class - certainly as far as this role is concerned - she is still a stunning and sexy woman.
I admit I am biased- I have always loved Ms. Adams since "The Dead Zone"...Stephen King at his earliest, and best. This film is quirky and interesting. It is one of the few actually worth buying on DVD. Not just for the performances, which are excellent, by the way. The visuals are noteworthy. New Mexico, the Southwest; a visual palette reminiscent of the artist Georgia O'Keefe. Beautiful photography, and a dysfunctional family trying to survive- two young girls living with their disillusioned mother. This film addresses a niche which is not mainstream, but real...disappointed Americans living and working , trying their best, yet opposed by the realities. This film deserves 10/10- a must see.
I watched a few episodes of this programme and increasingly found that by the end of the episode I wished I'd never bothered. When I first watched it I felt that the characters had promise, which is why I watched a few more episodes. Also there isn't too much on Australian TV on a Tuesday night! I soon realised that nothing was going to improve. The programme just has nothing innovative about it. I think the characters are wasted with very pointless clichéd story lines that wind up far too quickly and conveniently at the end. I don't think the writers are even trying. How did this programme have 4 series?! Don't bother watching it!
Big relief here that Bates's modern classic has not only survived its transition to the big screen but has actually been enhanced by it. It's difficult to find anything in this made-for-television adaptation that is at odds with the book of the same name. The characters are well cast, in particular David Jason as Pop Larkin and Pam Ferris as Ma, who live life with abandonment and cavalier disregard for society's expectations. The conversion of Charlie, a most challenging task in story and film, is accomplished with care and precision, Catherine Zeta Jones as Mariette providing the required enticement. This is a highly entertaining and deeply satisfying adaptation, and richly captures the life of post-war Britain. Perfick!
I think most of the reviews previously entered on IMDb were placed by he cast crew or Anna Biller herself. This was the longest 120 minute film I have ever seen. Anna Biller seems to have some talent as a production designer but as an actor, director, writer or editor she is severely lacking. She seems to suffer from the often seen LA role as the spoiled daughter of a rich family who makes bad film and no one wants to tell her she is without talent. This film was entered into dozens of film festivals and didn't win any awards, OK maybe one. I hope Anna will recognize her limitations and go back to painting.
This piece of cinema is breathtakingly beautiful. But not only skin-deep. Underneath the gorgeous visuals, music and overflowing humor in this film, I found its secret. Like the moon's reflection on the water. The breezes may shake and distort it. But it's always there, waiting to shine starkly when the waters are still at last. It is the reflected reality of my own struggle with understanding and knowing my own sexuality and identity as a woman in this world of men. It is shining with a heartbreaking sincerity and honesty I've never encountered before. Amid the struggle through much pleasure and so much more pain, its compassion tells me I'm not alone. An inspiring expression of Woman.
Excellent. It treats a real situation in an ambient one it last, in which the social rules or patrons do not allow to the free expression or the free development of the feelings that many do not consider normal. The performance of Ohad Knoller as Yossi is exceptional, combines to a methodical man faithful follower of the system with the tenderness and sensitivity of those who are themselves forced to hide to their feelings and identity. In addition to the film, the sound track is very good and pleases in spite of not being very well-known. Although film is short, it is excellent. The time that lasts maintains to us in expectation and the end is unexpected.
This film is a masterpiece. It's form is so effortless that it's difficult not to feel like you're not watching a movie at all -- or at least -- in it's ultimate experience is more kin to cinema at it's purest. One does not need to understand television to view this work -- or pop culture or magazines -- it is so heartfelt, detailed and organic with the celluloid acting as a cipher for ghosts to wander, lost and found. One can not replicate this kind of experience by discussing it's genre..and certainly script doctors would have mild heart attacks trying to replicate its beauty and substantial finality as a work of great cinema.
I've seen better acting on cable access at 3am. Unbelievably bad. This 'movie' never would have made it to DVD if it hadn't been for Kevin Smith's name. And that's the rub; anyone who watched it was conned into 2 hours of crap by Kevin Smith. He should be ashamed. This 'film' appears to have been shot with an 80's era tube camera, lighted with bare bulbs, and edited with a rusty razor blade. And the audio! It isn't even synched to the video and varies in volume throughout. The only thing that could have been good is the script, but it takes intense concentration to notice that through the horrible production quality and the shameful acting.
I really liked the first of the new Walking Tall movies starring The Rock. That meant I had some expectations for this one, even though a guy I had never heard of before, Kevin Sorbo, had taken over the lead. I was very disappointed. I don't think it was Sorbo's fault, really. The problem was a total lack of action. The little action it had, wasn't anywhere near good. The movie was simply BOOOOOOORING, moreso than 95 % of the other action movies out there. I just don't get how they managed to destroy such a promising and entertaining franchise like this. I have absolutely no rush in watching the third movie after this kind of crap.
'About Last Night' is the story of a guy and girl who fall in and out of love, repeatedly mixed in with about an hour of raunchy, eye-crossing sex. I think the long-lasting appeal of this movie was soft porn and a popular 80s cast (Demi Moore and Rob Lowe in the leads). However, the love story would have been more sincere and convincing had Lowe's character not behaved like a prepubescent boy throughout the film. Demi's character actually seemed like she was looking for true love, while he just seemed to be an unsure floater. Resist the temptation to see it purely for the stars, you've been warned about what you're getting yourself into.
This horrible movie was on at Christmastime this past year. I thought I was going to shoot myself just watching it. The acting was terrible and Mary Tyler Moore was so clichéd that I was hoping her character had a terminal illness. Poppy Montgomery looked good as always, but the two guys vying for her affection were awesomely annoying. Everything was complete smarm and overly convenient. I have seen episodes of Walker that looked like Hitchcock compared to this drivel. And instead of turning off the lights and enjoying the evening, my wife stayed up to watch the whole thing. If you've ever felt lower than a Hallmark TV movie, then you have experienced crushing rejection.
This film was horrible. The script is COMPLETELY unrealistic yet it is written to take place in the real-world, the editing and lighting effects are worse than most first projects in film school. I do not recommend this film to anyone who: A) knows any detail about the world of police or covert operations. B) knows any detail about film making or appreciation. I do recommend this film to the average or below-average mind, I think it would be enjoyable if I was a dumber. If you must watch this film on a full mind, I highly recommend some kind of inebriation It is a total waste of what little production value it has.
This is OK movie to watch. Exactly copy of Hollywood movie "Derailed" .. for god sake these directors needs to stop doing plagiarism. Now about movie, nothing great about it or the performance of the character. The girl Geeta (Ms Kapoor) is hot and beautiful and thats only the reason make me keep watching this movie. If you guys have seen derailed then in initial part of the movie only you will realize that its another copy of movie. Anyway overall I'll rate this movie 2/10 as it has some pretty looking girl. Songs of the movie is OK too.. I would say its another concept they are trying to follow like they did with movie Murder.
Brad Davis plays a cop here tracking down his fathers killer, and on occasion has various encounters with defiant vending machines. Jonathan Banks shows his versatility by giving the same dry performance were all accustomed to, despite an unusual vocal disposition. Oh, and then there's Sharon Stone, no surprises here. Director Puzo tries to show some visual flair with gravity defying slow-motion car jump's, a la' Blues Brothers, and it comes off just as silly. The films sports cliché' locations and situations, routine acting, and the occasional twist here and there, but really, nothing ever leaves the realm of the status quo. Even the off-casting of Adam Ant couldn't help rise this mediocre entry above it's ilk.
I picked up this movie in the hopes that it was a good suspenseful ghost story. That is not what I got. This movie must have been produced on a shoe string of a budget, from the odd camera angles to the meandering around the plot, this movie was a big disappointment. I do believe it had the right ingredients, but just needed more direction and some better actors. The only thing that kept me from turning it off is my curiosity of just how bad this movie could get. The ending was abrupt, leaving all sorts of questions in the viewers mind. Much like this review. I do not recommend this flick.
Normally, I like independent flicks. They can be pretty charming in their own special way. However, "The Off Season" was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The cover on the DVD made it look half way decent. The so called special effects were lame. The acting was terrible. There were absolutely no scares anywhere. I thought that was the goal of a "ghost story", to scare and shock the audience. Not even close. More like rolling in the floor from laughing so hard during this low-budget "thriller", with absolutely no thrills. Still, this is not the WORST movie I have ever seen. That distinction goes to "The Zodiac". For sure, the WORST movie ever created!!!
I don't know if this movie could have been any worse if it tried. My two roommates and I were totally pumped up to see this film, we set a timer on the TV and all ran into the living room when the timer went off and sat attentively on the couch like dogs about to be fed. When it was over, we slowly got up and walked out of the room without saying a word to each other. The movie was so bad it left us speechless. This farce of a film was nothing more than a way for John Leguizamo to live out his boxing fantasies. I recommend avoiding it at all costs.
This film had to have been written by a junior high school student, because that's the only mentality that could enjoy it. When the main plot device is to make sure you sleep with someone on New Years Eve (in 1981 to boot) you can't expect much more. Also, it contained the most stilted dialogue and wooden acting to make it to the screen in quite some time. I'm especially disappointed in Christina Ricci, who is capable of so much more. I didn't care what any of these people did or if they ever got to their party. A few laughs, but not worth the time. The soundtrack is the best part of this juvenile, amateurish film.
Unlikely characters and situations mar what might have been a fine idea for television. The harsh, inner-city, verbally abusive patter among staff in the psychiatric hospital is unlikely to be tolerated in the professional work environment displayed (unless the writer has some personal knowledge of this particular psychiatric ward) and makes the show a bit of a joke. The stereotype of the evil psychiatrist performing wicked procedures on their patients is hackneyed as well. And what about the two hospital workers having sex in the TV lounge 3 metres away from someone taking her tea break? How old was the writer for this show? Was there a writer? Definitely not worth a second glance.
Thoroughly repugnant and wretched melodrama has the foster couple to a little girl terrorized by the child's psychopathic biological parents, who are on the lam from the police. Warped, irresponsible picture with thriller aspirations is more stupid than suspenseful. Director Wesley Strick seems to have fallen asleep at the wheel, how else to explain the piling up of one ludicrous situation atop another? Stars Daryl Hannah and Keith Carradine can't even scrape together the semblance of believability within this context, and both are at a loss (as the "innocents", Moira Kelly and Vincent Spano have it even worse, but their general lack of charisma puts them at a disadvantage regardless). Tiresome, unsubtle junk. NO STARS from ****
Surprisingly mild vehicle for Pam Grier, targeted at the black urban audiences of the 1970s, isn't terribly good despite a varied roster of bemused supporting talents, including Jim Backus, Yaphet Kotto, Scatman Crothers, Godfrey Cambridge, Carl Weathers from "Rocky", Ted Lange from "The Love Boat", and Eartha Kitt, hamming it up as usual playing a breathless fashion designer. Grier (looking lovely) is cast as a professional shutterbug tracking down an assassination ring who target black politicians. Campy nonsense is hardly "The Manchurian Candidate", though it does have a fresh moment here and there. The assembly-line shootout-climax is tired, and the film's production seems cheesy, but Kotto just about steals the picture as Grier's sidekick. ** from ****
I haven't. It's just a waste of time. From time to time this Mehmet Ali Erbil man comes from nowhere with such stupid movies and takes away all the enthusiasm of the hard working cinema lovers. I definitely hate this man, his movies, and everything about him. Don't try to rationalize his behavior. What he does has no meaningful explanation. He is a very clever man who thinks that we are all stupid. He makes very easy money out of us. He is correct in some way. His narcissistic behavior is encouraged by the Turkish people. I don't believe that anybody at the age of 18 would laugh at him. For the rest he should be avoided.
The movie was broadcast, and appears on the commercial VHS release, in two parts. The first has some creepy moments (although they have little to do with the show's '60s incarnation), but the second quickly deteriorates into a simple-minded impending-disaster-on-a-train scenario that just left me cold and probably belonged in another movie. Made more "relevant" for the mid-90s -- by introducing the idea that the aliens were trying to get us to degrade our planet and thus make it habitable for them -- the ecological subtext seems a little knee-jerk ten years later. The acting was competent, although I doubt that Bakula's confused, rather passive protagonist could have sustained an entire series. Not even an interesting failure.
As an amateur historian and Indian Wars living history re-enactor, I have a number of problems with this film. Aside from the acting (I normally like Robert Shaw), the technical and historical failings really detract from its story. Spoilers? Can there be anyone on earth who does not know the story of the Little Bighorn? It has been pointed out that the topography of the area is completely wrong, the battle in the film is far different from what really occurred and the troops are using the wrong weapons. But even on TV, you can see the square pillows under the soldier's clothing as the arrows strike them! Really a grade B effort, and that's too bad.
FIREWALL plays out like an abbreviaton of every Harrison Ford thriller ever made. It's a criminal waste of talent, especially Virginia Madsen, Robert Patrick and Ford himself. The dialogue is hackneyed, the supporting characters are clichéd... Paul Bettany is slumming it here with a stock bad guy role. You won't believe how this movie builds him up as a super a**hole only to have absolutely no payoff! The characters are so cardboard, there's no sense of immediacy and whatever threat level it attempts to build simply flatlines. A huge step backwards for Ford, you can almost see him and the supporting cast clocking out at 5:00, cashing their checks and heading off to the fairway. A-List junk.
I like a good vampire film as much, if not more so, than the next person so imagine how I felt when I had the misfortune to see this so called 'artistic' effort. Out of focus passages and pretentious dialogue doesn't make something arty, it just serves to make it so boring as to be a complete waste of film. It brings nothing new to the genre in fact it only seems to repeat the same stale old clichés that have already been done to death - I mean female vampire as lesbian seducer? Now where have I seen that before? Oh just about every vampire film since the early 1970's! In one word - AVOID!
Many didn't like the original, but I thought it was pretty good. I'm a fan of the game, and was excited when hearing of the movie coming out, and then a sequel, right on! Didn't get a chance to see in the theater - am I ever thankful. It was horrid. Everything was bad, the story problems are probably what bothered me most. Little was accurate to what any MK fan would know. Then there was the fact that most of the characters (excluding main) got all of 5 minutes (if that) of screen time. I am generally pretty open and like movies a lot - especially action - but this just stunk on sooo many levels
As a big fan of Chris Prynoski, I just hate to say, "I don't get it," or at least I don't get the hype. The science fiction of the Civil War era wears out quickly and soon falls prey to a collection of off-the-shelf movie monsters that our grandparents used to watch who were portrayed by Bela Lugosi and Lon Chaney, Jr. among others, (have I given away too much?). The animation varies from very detailed to what seems like four frames per second. And funny? No, not really. Maybe I'll try it again, but if you've ever seen Downtown created by Chris Prynoski, I think you'll find that this doesn't compare when it comes to humor.
If you are a zombie, you might be able to relate to this film. I cant believe any of the cast put there names to this, it is shockingly bad. The acting is unbelievably bad! I wasted 72 minutes of my life watching this film, and i want them back. I am ashamed to say that i have watched this god awful steaming pile of crap. Most bad films are quite amusing, but this really is so bad, its not even funny. Every copy needs tracked down and burned. So bad is this film, i cannot describe it in words! Do not even curb your enthusiasm by watching it, please just stay away! TERRIBLE!
This movie should be called The Goldwyn Floppies! It was a lame attempt to present some of George Gershwin's music, shortly after his death, in a plot less musical. The movie itself looks like it was filmed in someone's backyard. The Ritz Brothers were wannabe Stooges. They're skit about them rowing in a boat in a pool was utterly pointless. Also their song about the pussy cat can make a modern audience cringe. The Charlie McCarthy bits were better suited for younger audiences, however, Charlie was no Howdy Doody. Avoid this movie at all costs. If you're a fan of Gershwin, buy his albums or watch the classic movies "Rhapsody in Blue", and "An American in Paris."
just absolute piece of utter drivel..although I admit I only lasted about half an hour somewhere in the middle You can't even call this rubbish... for instance, I caught the scene where they are supposedly digging in the wrong place, find the right place (72 steps, but no ones counting) and about 20 metres away the heroine brushes away a few CMOS of sand BY HAND and uncovers the tomb....a few rubbishy sentences later we see someone put a dynamite YES DYNAMITE stick in the very same sand, it blows up, and you have this beautiful SQUARE HOLE with nice clean staircase going down to the tomb. No wonder they call it King Tut. Tut tut, exactly.
Sometimes i like to watch B-movies because its fun to see bad actors and bad effect just for fun.but....... I saw this movie Manny years ago when it come out, it whats a big CHOCK to me. I Didn't know a movie can be so bad! and boring to watch. The story is boring, its look like a bad game from 1984? It whats a painful to watch this. be care. I cant believe some people voted +++ for this movie They must know some1 who made this crap movie. So don't waste your time to see this crap. You never got it back. i hope this guys never made a film again.
Aficionados of film noir find very few movies in the cycle without some interest -- even the poverty-row programmers that come in just under or over an hour tend to have something to sustain interest. Shoot To Kill, alas, is not among them. Though the script contains some twists, the director handles the narrative structure so clumsily that they come not as surprises but as irritations. And the totally unknown cast (and crew) goes through their paces without a spark of originality or inspiration. It's hard to leave a movie without a positive note to be sounded, but Shoot To Kill serves as a reminder of just how depressing bottom-of-the-barrel filmmaking in the postwar years could be.
Jason Biggs, is definitely an emerging star, and he was hilarious! but this movie was horrible. Prinze Jr may be beloved by the women, but to me being a guy, he was nothing special. This had little plot, and was your standard romantic comedy, with an EXTREMELY predictable triumphant "get back together" in the end... So.. to sum this up, if you are a guy, do NOT waste your time with this movie. Also, the preview/trailer for this movie, had Jason Biggs and the 4 chicks when they say "have you ever been with 4 women before?" this was clearly to get guys to watch the movie... BUT this part was not even in the film....
Rarely have I been so disappointed, I actually walked out of this film half way through, not caring how they end this debacle. With such a rich text to draw from, this movie could have been awesome, the plot is pathetic, the characterisation all wrong, the dialogue clichéd drivel, what were they thinking. Why they had to change the setting away from Celtic countries & Saxon mythology I have no idea. The whole heart & soul is missing from the story. Everyone involved in the production of this film should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves, they've chipped away at a cherished bit of thousands of peoples childhood memories by squeezing out this arse-gravy onto celluloid.
how can you guys say its a great movie??? sorry, but it really sucks.. the plot is very poor of ideas and just to fill it a little the director has back-troubles? Is that really the best this movie can give us? I think it sucks.. you get absolutely nothing from seeing this movie. And I think its sad too, to see Sigourney Weaver in a role like this. She is more talented than this plot will ever be. Come on, go compared it to a real movie and admit that i actually isn't any good... I could say many things that i don't like about this movie. But it wouldn't be the time worth..
An occasionally amusing, often confusing, gleefully profane 70's movie that hasn't really aged well. A precursor to Saturday NIGHT LIVE, it's a hodgepodge of spoofs and takeoffs of popular movies of the time. Some of the material is quite good ('The Shaggy Studio Executive,' where Walt Disney comes back as a guy in a dog suit), some of it's dated badly (A 'Snacktime' concession stand advert featuring a stoned guy with the munchies), a lot of it you have to think for a minute or two to figure out what's supposed to be funny (Who knew the eulogist at the biker funeral was supposed to be a takeoff of Georgie Jessel?). Best if you remember the time.
loved him in Hard Target......did not see enough of him in this particular movie though......he really is a sexy talented actor...was disappointed...if ya got it strut it.....and he definitely has got it! i liked the storyline of the movie but it was very hard to see Arnold....as a BIG fan of his he should of been in more of the storyline and i can see why the female in the movie did what she did he does have a very very sexy voice.....i agree with the other viewer someone should write a role for Arnold quick, one that shows his obvious talents...laughing..that's all i can think of to say on the subject. thank you for your time.
Weak at best. Overacting on Michael Ironside's part (and i usually really like this actor! Flashbacks overused in modern cinema and that is a perfect example. Conspiracy theories, please! Of all the Vietnam flicks i've seen it's the first one that bored me! Pretty images, but nothing special or breathtaking. The ending (no spoiler) is a big letdown and far-fetched. Really it's the perfect example of what action films shouldn't be. All and all, nothing special, weak, boring, the epitome of what certain people view as what men are (or should be?) i dunno, i wouldn't rent it if i were you, unless you suffer from insomnia and are looking for something to put you to sleep.
Script and Plot - Juvenile and clichéd. Acting - Incomprehensible - The worst ever Welsh accent starts it off, and it only gets worse. Direction and Editing - Awful. If you're tempted to watch this on rental - please don't. It is truly, truly awful. Nothing more needs to be said. Sorry. Well, it appears that IMDb needs ten lines to make this valid. OK - the plot is invented (in spite of the back of box blurb), and it involves a caper to run after German loot as a side operation to operation "Market Garden". We have English actors running around with silly fake German accents and it's terribly stupid and tiresome.
This film is poorly cast, directed even worse and you would do well to spend your money sitting in the lobby eating popcorn. It should be a romantic farce. Instead attempts to make it sincere, deep and touching are misguided, poorly executed and immature film-making at its worst. The Four Last Songs do not enter into the presented theme if there is an attempt to bring out a theme, and perhaps that is its greatest flaw: what was this about - wife vs muse, father/daughter, ex patriots adrift, brothers in jeopardy? Or just poor cinematography in a beautiful location. It appears to be an American version of an European melodrama by students with more money than talent.
Struggled to stay awake during the picture...typical VanDisel, but he's done much better in the past. Had to many unanswered questions on why things happened the way they did in this picture. Also ended with a question whether or not there will be a continuation --- hopefully not. Wondered why the picture started with such a hard line and a tough guy but ended entirely opposite which spoiled the VanDisel image in my opinion. For futuristic, it didn't look much like it, scenery was second class and nothing spectacular about it. Hopefully the next VanDisel picture will be a lot better and more like his XXX pictures which is what he's known for.
Potter must indeed be an "aquired taste".I found this mini-series really hard going.I recall the 1930s and the traveling salesmen who led a hand to mouth existence,maybe unpleasant memories were evoked? The music held my attention-sort of swung along...I was glad to see Arthur swing in the end also:-)I'm probably not a Hoskins fan.He always seems to try to hard. I thought Cheryl gave a very polished performance .From the moment she appeared the viewer could sense a repressed self bursting to get out! (Quite a surprise when her alter-ego Bonnie Parker emerged,eh!) I must see the movie version,maybe a change of principal actor might make a difference.It is not a memorable tale in my opinion.
This film is quite amazingly bad. So bad that it's thoroughly entertaining. The special effects are OK, sometimes they are quite good and they are always sufficient for the film's needs. The actors are generally capable but their performances are wooden. Is it the script? Is it the direction? I think it's both. The basic plot line is pure 1960s 'B' movie but whoever turned that into a script must have been on a deadline. Maybe the director realised that there wasn't much he could do to rescue it so just moved as quickly as possible from set piece to set piece. Best actor: Stanley Tucci's hairpiece. Best game: Guess which character dies next.
Fourth and last in the scuzzy 'Confessions' series, with charmless slut Robin Askwith working in the dreariest holiday camp you ever saw and getting up to all the usual antics with various guests. This isn't so much saucy seaside postcard humour as it is 'Razzle' letters page, with demeaning roles for women and a barrage of unfunny, and occasionally homophobic gags adding to the 'fun'. Askwith, as usual, mugs as if his life depends on it while the movie provides a masterclass in how to make a bunch of attractive women appear completely devoid of sex appeal. Aside from the rather off-putting shags, the movie is a succession of scenes that set up punchlines but never deliver.
.............this is nothing compared with the book of the same name. Occasionally you'll get movie/ miniseries conversions that are better than the book (Green Mile, Shawshank Redemption, Misery, Stand By Me), some that are different to the book but ultimately on a par (Christine) but from the ones I've seen so far, more often than not they get completely lost in translation; this is a classic example. It would probably be a good idea to see the film first then read the book to note the comparison, and in doing so also raise the bar on the story. If you want to be entertained, I'd suggest going for the above title or maybe 'Storm of the Century'.
HOT ROD GIRL is one of the many American-International teen oriented films that flickered at the drive-in and equally was part of those Saturday triple features in the ice cold theaters during the duck-tail days. A decent flick that has Chuck Connors playing a concerned cop that helps organize a drag strip to keep illegal drag racing to a minimum making the city streets safer. John Smith is a former champ who has quit racing and is happy to keep his friend's rods tuned. But he is forced to race again in order to avenge his little brother's death and win his sweetheart(Lori Nelson)back. The cast also includes: Frank Gorshin, Mark Andrews, Roxanne Arlen and Dabbs Greer.
hi folks, thats the worst piece of movie since ... well i cant remember, i havent seen such dirt for a long, long time. guys i tell u, this flick is a waste of celluloid, time and money. the jokes, the dialouges, the screen play, the acting, the whole movie (well i dont want to call it a movie) isnt worth 1.- normally Mr. Ittenbach should pay us, for viewing this "film". so folks, keep your eyes open that the legion of brainless won't get u. PS: sorry i forgot to say that the plot was hell, i would prefer to watch duracell rabbit playing the drums for 24 hours than going into this "movie".
I just can't understand why anyone would be willing to have spent all the time, effort, and money it takes to make a film on something like this. It really takes a lot of effort to make a movie. More than a few people in this world felt passionately enough about this thing to write it, direct it, shoot it, rehearse it, finance it, etc, etc. My god! It's not that it's really bad or anything, there just doesn't seem to be any point in it existing. It's a boring movie about everyday people doing everyday crap. Sometimes they hang out at the beach. Sometimes they bicker. There's some kissing. Why? Why not just do nothing instead?
I couldn't make head nor tail of this Euro-mess. Even with 3 of my favorite European beauties from the 60's (Stefania Sandrelli, Barbara Bouchet, and Claudine Auger) AND Barbara Bach, this gloomy Italian mystery tale has no value, story-wise. Some interesting locales, but went from bad to worse. Even Giancarlo Giannini seemed bored. A 1 out of 10. Ms. Bouchet has a fetching derriere. I haven't seen many of this type of film, but it was pointless drivel at best. I hope the actors were paid well. This film is an immediate sleeping pill. I dozed off four times just trying to wade through it. Forget it. The director fell asleep at the wheel. Great music...
Robert Young is likable in the romantic thriller. Florence Rice is, too, as the worker in his father's store for whom he falls. A couple murders are committed. The police, including Sidney Toler, investigate. (Almost the whole thing takes place on the premises of the store.) During the period such B-movies in this very overworked genre usually are still turning up clues, this solves the mystery. Very unsatisfactorily, I might add. Julie Haydon plays Rice's sister. She is said to have been wonderful in the original stage production of "The Glass Menagerie." And she's fine here. But, though it has several plots going on at once, to a degree it's more short subject than full-length movie.
I know one reviewer of this film that had the audacity to compare director León Klimovsky to Tarantino. Give me a break. The film jumped all over the place and switched scenes with no apparent rhyme or reason. One minute you see a love scene begin and a second later someone is running their bicycle into a car. This mash-up of Hindu mysticism, voodoo and zombies never had any coherent plot. It did have great zombie makeup. They looked dead! It also had Mirta Miller. A voluptuous veteran of countless Euro-horror films, she again appeared scantily clad with her breasts heaving as she fell into the clutches of the zombies for their ritual.
I don't see how I could possibly spoil this movie, as I'm pretty sure most people know Valentino is dead. The manner of his death spoiled the movie for me, fact-based viewer that I am. This movie is a five-car pileup -- you can't look away. Nureyev is no actor, but it hardly matters. This must be the noisiest movie ever made about the silent era. Even Seymour Cassel, known for his work with John Cassavetes, soon joins in the general shouting and gesticulating. The two-whatevers rating is for the costume one of the women wears to the funeral, which makes her look like a Klimt painting. It made me laugh. Please, Ken, leave Garbo alone.
This film has more cheek than any I have seen. It seems to be made almost entirely from left over footage from The Swordsman. It is like watching outtake footage. The plot has been extended to include a new baddie, but the relationship between the two main characters bounces around in context all over the place, continuity is almost non-existent and you keep wondering where in time and space the activity is happening. I guess this is recycling taken to new levels. However watching The Swordsman and then Gladiator Cop is an interesting exercise in picking up what you have seen already, what really belongs in the first film and why you aren't doing something more productive.
I know one reviewer of this film that had the audacity to compare director León Klimovsky to Tarantino. Give me a break. The film jumped all over the place and switched scenes with no apparent rhyme or reason. One minute you see a love scene begin and a second later someone is running their bicycle into a car. This mash-up of Hindu mysticism, voodoo and zombies never had any coherent plot. It did have great zombie makeup. They looked dead! It also had Mirta Miller. A voluptuous veteran of countless Euro-horror films, she again appeared scantily clad with her breasts heaving as she fell into the clutches of the zombies for their ritual.
...because it saved me the price of an entrance ticket. I'm not entirely entitled posting here because I turned it of after about half an hour. Just for saving my brains of getting any more damaged. Besides that, when I look out of my window, I see a HUGE wall which was more interesting. After I deleted this movie, I got an email from my own PC. It was something like "If you ever download sh*t like that again, I'll blow myself up" I really want to tell something more, but the only thing is the warning that this movie is more damaging for you then smoking. Sadly, the rating does not go below 1.
An occasionally amusing, often confusing, gleefully profane 70's movie that hasn't really aged well. A precursor to Saturday NIGHT LIVE, it's a hodgepodge of spoofs and takeoffs of popular movies of the time. Some of the material is quite good ('The Shaggy Studio Executive,' where Walt Disney comes back as a guy in a dog suit), some of it's dated badly (A 'Snacktime' concession stand advert featuring a stoned guy with the munchies), a lot of it you have to think for a minute or two to figure out what's supposed to be funny (Who knew the eulogist at the biker funeral was supposed to be a takeoff of Georgie Jessel?). Best if you remember the time.
Other than good performances from Juliette Binoche, Sara Forestier and the likable newcomer Tom Riley, this movie doesn't have much to recommend it. Aiming to be a "metaphoric" spy movie about the evils of secrecy and the wounds of childhood, the film fails for having plot devices instead of characters and a sloppy, unconvincing direction, resulting in an overall bore. We are also treated with highly annoying anti-American propaganda. Nick Nolte pops up in the last ten minutes like a poor man's Colonel Kurtz but his appearance comes too late to wake up the movie. For works playing successfully playing with the thriller genre, try some of Paul Austers'books or Wim Wenders'earlier films instead. Skip this one.
This one was a great movie about nothing, and I mean really nothing. From the beginning till' the end, everything happens has nothing to do with reality(or fiction) and common sense, not even touching common sense. However, I might add that from the "directoral" point of view it is a great achievement to create that much suspense without practically having a story. In the end, I do not regret watching it(we all need to see all kinds of movies to create a real and correct hierarchy in our minds) but I would not recommend it to any of my friends... I hope I didn't offend anyone who reads this, and I apologize for my English. Thank you.
It's unoriginal, badly written, and downright racist at times, but Carrie Fisher made me laugh out loud several times ("They're your bitches" is my favorite, but you have to watch the movie for the set-up). Almost all of the Mexican characters were the usual stock stereotypes, from the corrupt, bumbling cops to mama and the big family throwing a fiesta. But that said, the scenery and the lead actors were pretty to look at. Pleasant enough to watch if there's nothing else on and you're willing to let your brain turn to mush. If you liked that dreadful Matthew Perry/Salma Hayek movie from about 10 years ago, then you'll probably be able to sit through this one.
Predictable. Hokey. Waste of time. Don't see it. The title ruins the movie. A lot of their survival tips were completely ridiculous ('don't drink seawater' was the only acceptable one). The acting was poor, but maybe that was just because the script was cheesy. It's really a shame that Melissa Joan Hart and Jonathan Brandis chose to appear in this movie--they could both do waaaaaaaaaaaaay better. I don't even know if you could say that they were acting--there was no real emotion and zero believability. If you're a fan of either Melissa Joan Hart or the late Jonathan Brandis, you'll lose respect for them if you see this movie. Avoid it at all costs.
I'm usually a big fan of Jackie Chan's movies. They're not horribly deep or meaningful, but they are usually very entertaining with Jackie's nice blend of impressive martial arts and humor. Unfortunately this movie was very lacking in both departments. Instead Jackie mostly uses a gun instead of his normal creative kung fu to deal with the bad guys. It's made worse by the fact that this was a poorly dubbed version of the movie. There are a lot of his movies I still haven't seen, but currently this one ranks lowest on the list. With his highly prolific career, do yourself a favor and choose another one of his movies. *1/2 (Out of 4)
This film has more cheek than any I have seen. It seems to be made almost entirely from left over footage from The Swordsman. It is like watching outtake footage. The plot has been extended to include a new baddie, but the relationship between the two main characters bounces around in context all over the place, continuity is almost non-existent and you keep wondering where in time and space the activity is happening. I guess this is recycling taken to new levels. However watching The Swordsman and then Gladiator Cop is an interesting exercise in picking up what you have seen already, what really belongs in the first film and why you aren't doing something more productive.
I love Helge Schneider. I know that he is a brilliant musician, his jazz concerts are amazing and I've seen him live on stage where he combines jazz and classical music with comedy in a perfectly funny way. But this movie, although it contains brilliant jazz music, was simply boring. It does not contain any kinds of hints of a story, the whole film is about jazz, well done jazz, I have to admit. But if you like his music you should better get yourself one of his CD's. Helge once used to be hilarious, but those times are apparently over. This work was not worth watching it. But I don't care, I still love Helge Schneider!!!
Ever since seeing it when first released I have waited to find a worse film. The only value in having witnessed this atrocity is the retelling of the experience. It is a good thing to be able to say, "This is the worst movie I have ever seen." Now IMDb is asking me to fill in at least 10 lines of text in order to meet the minimum requirement of review length. Unlike Dead Boyz Can't Fly, however, I know when to leave well enough alone. It's unfortunate that the solution to whatever problem the IMDb people are trying to avoid happens to infringe on the finer qualities of a succinct and pithy piece of writing.
The cover exclaimed "A Clockwork Orange for the 90's". I wish. I wish it was banned like Clockwork (Note: Clockword Orange was banned on video in Australia for quite some time because Kubrick received death threats if he released it on video) Anyway back to the dreadful film. This would have to be the most pathetic excuse of a film that I have ever laid my eyes on. It is sick, depressing, incoherent, and just plain old insultinig on anyone who sees it. Saying that, I urge you to see it, not because it's so bad it's funny, I wish it was like that, but it's so bad that it's woeful. I can't even explain the story.
This one is really horrible..... don't watch it...the acting,plot,is so lame and everything made me laugh especially the bad guys....very unbelievable, the scene where Alex gets out of the Mine trap with the other guy is utter nonsense.....if you feel like watching a movie with some of your friends just to make fun of this crap then this is the movie you should watch... Alex is actually shot in the chest..but you know what she makes it thanks to her motorolla which was in her pocket.....wow....i could go on forever like this..i decided to watch the movie just to see how it would end and warn others from this ...2 out of 10 just for her looks
If not for the title, I would barely have recognized LeGuin's book. The story and characters have been dumbed down so much they barely exist. There's no development of either plot or people. There's no hint of motivation for any character, especially Dr. Haber: no interior monologue, no back-story. There's no tension, either between characters or in the society. The actors appear to be sleepwalking (except for David Straithern, wonderful as always as Manny). The script is so bland, it could have been computer generated. I can't believe Brcce Davison, who was in the wonderful 1980 version, or LeGuin would have allowed this travesty to be made -- they turned a brilliant book into a chick-flick. Blech.
I was looking forward to take a break from my boring exam in Design History,to watch this movie a late Friday night. Well, The movie began 20 minutes ago, and now I'm here, just relieved to be back at my computer. I'm just gonna write this review and then go on reading about fabric-hall design in the early 20th century. You can just guess what my opinion of the movie is. The images were sharp, the colors were descent for DV-format, even the editing was satisfying.There were some people in the movie too... I might go back again and watch another minute of the movie later, while I'm having a cigarette....or maybe it's time to stop smoking...
A movie very disappointing in many points of his plots... why should Germany and France sign an agreement for enlarging the 60-years old Maginot line? How is it possible that only Jean Reno and his friend can survive the flooding of their room, when they are bonded and all the other people present have their arms free? How can a people dressed like a 10-centuries ago monk walk freely into the restricted area of an airport with a nail-firing gun under his dresses? These are only some examples of the many questions taht does not have answer in this movie, or admit a very confused one. I don't pretend perfection but at least a decent story.
Worst Children's' film I have seen to date. I was thoroughly disappointed at this film. Not because of the quality, not the length. But at the material that ended up being this movie. I rented this expecting this to be a beloved "Disney" classic. But instead all I saw was an orchestra and a few snippets of cartoons. I would have no problem with solid cartoons, with classical music accompanying the drawings. But to showcase an orchestra, for almost the entire length of the film, is a bit much. If you are looking for a classic "Disney" movie, with Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, etc. Avoid this one. I give it two thumbs down.
I wanted to walk out of the theater and demand my money back... ...but then I suddenly realized that I was working there. Ladies and gentlemen, it's simply that bad. Not since The Blair Witch Project 2 has there been such a predictably terrible horror movie. I'll really NEVER understand the public's high expectations for horror films. It's perhaps the most difficult genre to craft a "good" movie in, and sequels....well, sequels in any genre usually suck. This is no different. But, expectedly so. I would recommend a re-watching of the original, or perhaps checking out the various Japanese versions and sequels, because it can't get ANY worse than this. -Frank
Sorry, I dozed off for a minute just *thinking* about this one. Which is hardly surprising, since my girlfriend and I literally dozed off watching the video last night-- and have no desire to try revivifying "Arn" again this evening. There are some commendable production values on display here from time to time, and perhaps these are significantly augmented during in-theatre presentations. But no venue is capable of injecting nuance, breadth or development generally into the opaque characters who march through this thing, most especially the hero. In short, the endless, sententious and overblown "Arn" comes across like an epic dreadfully in need of an attack by the Monty Python company. Otherwise, bring a pillow.
I should have walked out. It started bad and it never improved. The actors completely overplay their roles and the added smart alec isn't this fun cuts doesn't seem convincing. While the movie have a few good ideas they are consistently badly implemented and the timing and acting doesn't do it any favours. I think you will have to be American or the long time owner of a mustache to laugh of this one... It is that special kind of no fun humor that only really appeals to yanks. You know where everything is so obvious and overstated that any fun that could have been is thoroughly eliminated by overstating every point of the joke.
I notice from other reviews here on IMDb that lots of people seemed to like this movie. Maybe I should have toughed it out for a little longer? I got eight minutes into this badly scripted, badly acted and badly directed bomb before I gave up and slipped a different DVD into my player. My message to the Director: You have to give me a reason to stay with your movie beyond the first few minutes. You failed. If I had payed $10 to see this in a cinema I would have stayed longer but I saw it at home. Even when watching a DVD borrowed from the library I place a value on my time.
I cant go for long describing this tittle, simply because I do not feel strong about it. I read a few comments and I see that only proud and patriotic Frenchmen seem to like it, that's all I can say... Boring Long Sometimes even stupid... p.s. 7.4 out of 10, the viewers must be going crazy I cant go for long describing this tittle, simply because I do not feel strong about it. I read a few comments and I see that only proud and patriotic Frenchmen seem to like it, that's all I can say... Boring Long Sometimes even stupid... p.s. 7.4 out of 10, the viewers must be going crazy
R.I.C.C.O. is the STUPIDEST film ever made. I can't believe my father bought this crap. This film should da never got made. If this film was wide known, trust me it will be on the #1 spot for IMDB's worst.The acting is horrible it's scary,which it is why it's horror. This piece of s*** had no horror in at at all. It's an urban action,which is funny, because I could of swore it was a comedy. When people got shot I couldn't help but laugh. I am the only person who reviewed this and I hope that I am the last. With this vote only I hope it make it to the #1 spot at the worst!!!!!!!
I have a very good remembrance from the original series. I don't know if those remembers will be destroyed if I'd watch again an episode. But I had preferred the idea of David Soul than this horrible picture. Stiller and Wilson are two of the worst actors I ever watched in a picture. Maybe the first could be an acceptable Starsky, but the second made a very stupid Hutch. At last, this is a very good example about how to destroy a good idea. To tell you the truth, I think the film has many good points. Seventies background, for example, is good: cars, clothes, caracterization of support actors... But the big problem is Stiller and Wilson.
I'd waited almost 30 years for this movie as a long time fan of the original series. What did I get, total drivel. I was really disappointed, when I heard that Stiller and Wilson were playing the lead roles, I would have preferred the original actors, even if they are both in their 60's. I'm sure the writers could have worked something out. I found the movie insulting to the original series. Todd Phillips should have known better, seeing that he worked on the show in the 70's. The best bit in the whole movie for me is the cameo appearance at the end by Glaser and Soul. Now that is definitely worth the wait.
Hey, I have an idea for a movie - let's take Robocop, mix it a bit with Dark Angel, and throw in some SciFi Channel B-movie directing skills. Painkiller Jane was written with every worn out tired Hollywood cliché' available. It's like they opened the cliché book and just went to town. Good looking woman gets infected with some funky biological agent and becomes nearly invincible. Throw in a military conspiracy and a foreign bad-guy and you have a recipe for true disaster. The jerky camera shots and silly jogging through the woods sequence just added to my disgust. I can't believe I spent part of an evening watching this garbage. Please. Somebody. Make it go away.
This film plays like community theatre on over-lit digital video. Don't you hate it when a worthy topic is wasted on a bad film? Overacting, a trite script, distracting voice-over, two dimensional characters and editing out of Film 101. It was a struggle to watch through to the end. If you still want to rent this you can watch the documentary on the DVD where you will meet the director Rosa van Praunheim who will tell you how famous, wise, and intellectually and sexually experienced he is. And he's serious. That said it is an important true story of the first sexologist who fought for the rights of what is now called the queer community.
Sam Elliott and Katharine Ross play an American couple traveling through England where they are taken in by a mysterious millionaire who apparently heads up a devil's coven. The evil lurking at the mansion won't allow anyone to leave--and so we're all held prisoner together, watching the guests meet their 'imaginative' grisly fates. Fashionable nastiness, "Ten Little Indians" style, with director Richard Marquand showing no sympathy for his victims--nor giving viewers any genuine thrills to enjoy along the way. Marquand gets ridiculously showy with his camera tricks--even staging one shot through the nozzle in Elliott's shower stall! Lethargy settles in early, the talented leads are wasted, and the shocks are awfully slow in coming. *1/2 from ****
Apart from Dicaprio's performance this film was so awful. Its up there with Honey and Cheaper by the Dozen. If you are thinking of watching this film please don't, its simply awful. Its melodramatic and the script is messy and unrealistic. Why would Dicaprio become a junkie all of a sudden? At first he was a bit of solvent sniffer and then just hours after trying a bit of coke he is raiding a medicine cabinet just to get high. I'm sorry but addiction is a gradual progress. It doesn't come out consuming a few lines of cocaine to aid sexual performance. Waste of time. What is sad that this could've been a decent film. Bloody crap
The first year was new and fresh and sometimes funny. They should have finished at year 2. The stories became bad after the first years. Especially after adding the other sister The unwell undeveloped characters and bad story lines and the bad, bad, bad copying of everything -the last few years especially! - Harry Potter and all the stupidly unfunny movie spoofs. I just watched an episode were Leo is trying to hurt his sons through a dark side of his (so Star Wars one may say) but eventually one of the kids created this figure because who cares? Please tell me it didn't do well in USA. Please! They could have it so much better!
I watched this film primarily as a fan of Sienna Guillory. To be honest, she was the only thing worth hanging around for, the film became so boring at stages I felt myself drifting off to sleep. It feels incredibly long, especially once you reach the end of the movie and realise not a whole lot has actually happened. It doesn't feel original (the same ideas have been dealt with in countless better films), the acting was hardly top notch, and the characters were thoroughly unlikeable and unoriginal. Unless you're really into these types of films, or you have a *really* strong fascination with one of the actors involved, I wouldn't recommend it. You're not missing much.
I love "teen" movies. I loved 10 Things I Hate About You and all those other movies. With the exception of "Simply Irresistibe," this is quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm a big fan of Julia Stiles, and it hurts me to have to watch her in this film. I don't know what the writer was thinking, or what the producers were doing when they greenlighted this trash, but it is one of the most boring 2 hours in cinematic history. The dialogue is absolutely horrible, there is no plot, and even though there are some decent actors, Freddie Prinze Jr ruins it by coming off as a big dope. Stay away from this.
Basically, most of the actors rush their lines, and except for the two Antonios (Lochlyn Munro somewhat OK), the acting basically sucked, which means the directing also sucked. Weak story, weak writing. Worst of all was the music. It's also funny that the writer (Mike Mains, the worst actor in the film) wrote himself the part of having the first primary relationship in the film. The interaction between the two of them is about as exciting as that between a turtle and a rock. The positive reviews here are a joke. It is however, an adequate film for those who want to get high and laugh at how awful this film is.
The movie is clearly made for TV quality, i.e. it does not present much of a reason to be watched and leaves some questions unanswered but not the ones about the cigarettes or the glow the other user commented on. If you pay attention to the movie, you will discover that the cigarettes come from a discarded purse found in the trash pile that Jackie Lawrence (Portia de Rossi's character) hid in after escaping what is referred to as "the vault" in the movie and which turns out to be some kind of makeshift lab in the basement. The glow itself, appears to be the energy the building owners need to extend their longevity... Just my $0.02!
Bad, bad, bad. This film could be used as a torture device. I thought Superman could save anything. Obviously not this movie. This movie was the Richard Pryor Movie, not about Superman. Since when was Superman a comedy and not an action/drama? Richard Pryor and poor script writing made this film absolutely horrible. It was very slow moving, and went nowhere. I wonder how Warner Brother execs. approved this. I like Richard Pryor, but he had no place in this movie. I thought Superman IV was was worst Superman movie. I may have to re-think that now, after having to endure watching this one again.
I have to admit I was intrigued by this new look at the Frankenstein ideal, but despite the number of times Adam (Christian Oliver) died and was resurrected and Vick (Dean Stapleton) battled with the complexities of his formula and its side effects, the story never seemed to go anywhere. How about a insight into death and what may lie on the other side? How about some moral or ethical message? I will say this, the acting was quite good and I liked all the performances even though Stapleton bore an uncanny resemblance to Jack Nicholson (probably intended) but this was one of those movies I was waiting to end so I could put something else in.
Sturgeon's Law more than applies here: "90 per cent of everything is crud." There is no chemistry between any of the actors, the writing is on middle-school level, and any movie that dares to invoke Katharine Hepburn in one scene and then drags its characters through one contrived and pointless and flatly-acted episode after another is indeed crud. The only redeeming scenes were those featuring Zooey Daschanel, who brought some sincere charm and liveliness to her role, and there was the dolphin at the end. That dolphin was more engaging than most of the humans in this pitiful excuse for a romantic comedy. This movie was a major disappointment and a major waste of talent and time.
When you have a good script, you can rise over the limitations of a small budget. That's not the case with this piece of junk. They could not afford good actors, the bad make-up effects are hidden by the poor image quality (intentionally poor image quality, but still...) and the script does a 360 at the end, branching to a cringe inducing subplot about a couple of serial killers that does nothing to move the so-called script forward. It's hard to believe that this movie is praised by some horror website when there's so much good stuff around, like the brilliant "REC". I can't believe I wasted my time on this piece of junk !
Greek pledges find themselves in an abandoned mansion that is rumored to still be occupied by the deformed offspring of the owner. This is a typical 80s slasher where nothing really happens until the final half hour. The most unrealistic part of the movie is when the assumed "Big Man on Campus" is hitting on the campus hottie who is ready to bed him, but then he turns around and says "Who is THAT?" in awe of someone else's beauty. The camera then shoots across the room, focusing on little Linda Blair. I've got to give the filmmakers props for setting up certain scenes with horror movie clichés, only to break them down in really unbelievable ways.
...star that is. This movie was festering ape feces. We would have given an additional star because we had a good laugh, we just didn't have it in us. By the way, did anybody else play SoulCalibur? I think the bad guy is Voldo. They do it the source, and their prize is they get a baby? We don't know how much money grubbing and glue sniffing was involved in the production of this film but no amount of scrubbing can undo the cinematic rape we have just experienced. Three more lines without using profanity? We don't think we can accomplish this. Instead let these periods represent the tears we shed watching it. .............................................................. ............................................................. .............................................................. .............................................................
This film is an exercise in masochism on the part of the film makers. Comedy isn't just murdered on screen, but murdered, buried, dug up and murdered again. A storyline exists, but plot points are lost in layers of cheese so thick you'd walk out constipated, and probably half-way through. I would consider this film one of the worst I've ever seen. The character of the Reverend comes across as evil, creepy, disjointed and manipulative. The trouble with the this character is symbolic of the entire problem with this film. It IS good for one thing, though. If you took a date to see it and they liked it, be worried. In a word - Awful.
You would think that the combination of Alfred Hitchcock and Gregory Peck would produce some real sparks. Well, in this case it sure didn't. This courtroom drama is just amazingly dull and uninvolving. In fact, given the choice, I think I'd prefer an episode of Perry Mason or even Matlock. The story is so static! One reviewer liked it and said that the film had "less energy" than traditional Hitchcock suspense films. I disagree. I think it had absolutely no energy. I have tried watching this film several times but keep finding my attention wandering. That's saying a lot, as I am a rabid Gregory Peck fan--he's made so many wonderful and interesting films--just not this one.
I saw this at a film festival in 1988. There were 3 movies being shown. If you sat through all 3, you would get a tee-shirt. This was the last movie. When the projector stopped, everyone cheered and applauded. Then we learned there was another reel. 40 more minutes. Half the audience walked out after 5 hours of bad movies. They just couldn't take it anymore. I have my Tee, but had to go through years of therapy to recover from that movie. OK. the therapy comment is a joke, but it was horrid nonetheless. Mondo Trasho is a perfect name for this movie. It definitely falls in line with the trade description act.
As in unbelievably bad, that is. To a reviewer who called it superb, the director owes you big time,as he has at least one (and probably only) fan of his film. Boring, slow and 90 minutes longer than it should've been, this movie gives nothing but painful shivers. And, after the end credits finish, the main question persists: What on earth was it all about? Even though I haven't had a pleasure of being introduced to Mr. Paez's music, I am absolutely positive he is a great composer. But let's face the truth...Neither Mozart nor Bethoeven tried to make their living as painters....With all my respect, Mr. Paez, I hope you get my hint.
I found some parts interesting. Especially the nature photography. But i found the plot and characters not interesting. The acting was as bad as it can get. The film is supposedly over a battle between men and women. But one could easily also imagine Bosnia. On the one hand a rural landscape where everything appears normal but on the other scenes of death and destruction. The long scenes in the bedroom of the ugly old lady bored me to distraction. The hordes of naked children did give a bizarre aspect: but this is a film where nothing really seems to happen. A girl who is always running seeking but never seems to find.
OK you probably know Steckler as the mastermind behind The Incredible Strange Creatures that Stopped Living and Became Mixed-up Zombies!, but this turd is probably without peer in the world of b-movie schlock. OK maybe not. But it's probably the first silent movie to be made in the 70's! Steckler dubs dialogue whenever quote unquote actors are not facing the screen and there's a constant grating monologue by Pierre Agostino running in the background. In the true nature of serial killers, he uses the exact same order of shots every killing! Pure genius. Anyhow watch this with the Joe Bob Briggs commentary on and a six pack, and you'll be pleasantly amused. Trash heaven. Long live Steckler.
By far the worst Argento film I've seen. The story is plain stupid, although the story has never been the most significant part of the Argento parcel. This time his visions have lost it's edge totally, the splatter and gratuitous typical Argento-violence is there, but that and his infatuation with opera is the only thing reminding of his previous work. Acting isn't much, but you still see the occasional wonderful camera moves and he has always used music very convincingly. As a whole it is disturbingly lame production from such a grandmaster, whose previous Stendahl's Syndrome was just mindbogglingly powerful masterpiece. Hope his next giallo film has same grit his former giallo visions have portrayed...
With a stellar cast and some very good special effects, one might assume that the film Eragon, following in the wake of lotr might achieve a modicum of success. Not so. the acting is adequate, but the uter failure in the script, directorial lead, and perhaps most importantly book adaptation and editing makes this movie a truly awful experience. while i've read the two books in the series and had been looking forward to this film, i forgot i'd seen it later that same day, perhaps i'd blocked it out. irons, malkovitch and honsou should fire their agents. spellers, good luck in life, because after this movie, i'd be surprised if you were in a hallmark commercial.
Being a fan of John Malkovich, I expected his performance to be no less than excellent. But unfortunately, his performance is really disappointing. On the other hand, Jeremy Irons, another great actor, did a great role. I have not read the book, but I've been told that a lot of the main plot is not in the movie. Did the movie makers try to keep the movie short to go against other popular fantasy movies (The Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, etc)? There were scenes that did not make any sense and did not provide useful information. This is a movie that one would watch on a Sunday evening when there is nothing else to do.
AXE is about a young girl and her invalid grandfather, whose country house is invaded by a trio of killers on the run from the cops. In need of a place to hide out after inflicting a fatal beating and unnecessarily tormenting a convenience store clerk, they make themselves at home as the depressed girl, Lisa holds her own by offing the guys one by one with many axes that always seem to be in reach. Written and directed by Frederick R. Friedel, also known as Lousy R. Director. He even acts in this movie, if you can believe it! The gore is minimal, the acting is nonexistent, and it is an overall forgettable movie. Don't bother...
Despite all the great talent corralled together for this film, it is a resounding dud. Warren Beatty tries to be another Cary Grant but he just doesn't have the latter's charm, elegance, and class. Annette Benning is affecting, but together the two don't put much passion or urgency in their supposedly torrid affair. About the only reason to watch this movie is to catch a brief glimpse of 86 year-old Katharine Hepburn, and this is hardly her best work. Aficionados of this genre would be better of tracking down the film on which it was based, "An Affair to Remember" (1957), with Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr, itself a Technicolor remake of the black-and-white "Love Affair" (1939).
For years friends expressed amazement that I had never watched "Nip/Tuck" -- just my kind of show, they insisted. And so, spurred by the recent assault of pre-season publicity, I decided to pay a first-time visit to Nip/Tuck last night. I was expecting sly and witty satire. What I found instead (in repeat episodes that focused on a serial mangler and a deranged racist) was a puerile, unrelenting torrent of violence and sadism. Robotic and/or hysterical acting, moronic plot contortions, and enough deep shadow (in Miami, yet) to make Edgar Ulmer spin like a top. It was like watching Joel Schumacher direct Ricky Martin as Hannibal Lecter. Nice to know what my friends think of my taste.
This movie was quite a deception for me. The dialogues on TV and theater were so much better. It's a hour and a half abusing on jokes about the language (mis-spelling Portuguese) together with a story that is "by all means" absurd and that's all. I know the situations around "Toni" and "Zézé" must be funny and unusual, but the script could have make more sense. But this is a reflex of our problem, here in Portugal: script writers (specially in comedy). The fantastics Marco Horácio and Maria Rueff were misemployed, reduced to characters with no contents. The level of humour should have been raised. Didn't happened and these two (good) characters deserve better.
Day of the Dead (2008) has finally been released on DVD. After several delays and reshoots, the movie went straight to video after an aborted theatrical release. After the long wait of seeing this movie, I was very disappointed. I was expecting a more faithful remake with plenty of Ving Rhames playing himself. What I got was a retread of 28 days Later and bad acting and directing. If you're really into zombie movies then you'll like this one but if you're a George A. Romero fan then you might want to pass on this one. Ving Rhames role was cool but I expected a lot more from the rest of the cast. Not recommended
This is an Alien copycat that doesn't have scary monsters and the plot is mixed up. The astronauts inhabited by aliens for some reason are only inhabited part of the time. Why? I don't know and it doesn't matter. You know they are inhabited because they all of a sudden speak in a stupid computerized "scary" voice that isn't scary. The astronauts go places, but it doesn't matter. Then, they rip off the Terminator by having another alien that can kill them. By this time you are extremely bored and don't care. There are, however, lots of explosions. And there is the obligatory "man running away from large explosion just ahead of the leaping flames" scene. Yawn.
An unsuccessful attempt is made to tie all these loose threads together into one coherent story. Even more irritating than the film's third act triumphs is its lack of faith in moviegoers' intelligence. The surface smoothness can't make up for the deeper flaws...it fails signally in establishing any solid emotional connection with most of the people it portrays. Trouble is, every character is having problems in a homo-hetero-Angeleno world but they lacks substance, each little more than a composite of quirks and one-liners. Happy Endings is the kind of self-conscious puzzle picture in which characters behave in ways that serve the plot but in no way resemble things that actual human beings would be likely to do.
i cant believe this show - it has to be one of the worst things i have ever seen. The basic plot line follows a reverend and his wfire raising 7 kids up to be perfect and god fearing. But the main intention behind this show is to educate and in a way brainwash you into never doing a few certain things including - underage sex - underage drinking - drugs - to vote and many many others. The story lines always involve the vicar or whatever he is intervening in peoples lives and meddling in their personal business. I cant believe it lasted 10 years and 242 episodes - thank god it was cancelled.
I kind of liked the film, it's just that the characters run around with no real point to their craziness. As I was saying, poor goat. The goat was nahing while the guy was pretending to grind on it. I would have liked the rape scenes to be more graphic (not the one with the goat though). Jane Ryall who played Celia only did this one film. She was very nude throughout. This crazy couple who killed and tortured many people ended up in their rightful places. I almost forgot about the gay transvestite couple who are also picked out for being sinners. If you like crazy off the wall stuff, then this is your film. 3/10
Laughter makes the almost two hours not a total loss. But I don't think, somehow, that "The Day The Earth Stood Still" was meant as a comedy. They must have realize however, that having John Cleese as the scientist was bound to provoke some giggles. Keanu Reeves is priceless as the wooden, expressionless alien. A great, unintentional, comic creation. Kathy Bates, in pantsuits if you please, plays the American Secretary of Defense and the whole thing doesn't have a single ingredient of the elements that made the Robert Wise original one of the classics of its genre. The visual tricks are good but repetitive and rather confusing. I must admit I wasn't bored I was just puzzled.
I am sorry to admit that I didn't think this was good at all. I'm not the target demographic, admittedly, but if not for being with my mother, I'd have walked out of this movie. Despite an intriguing premise, the movie never really goes anywhere. There are myriad plot holes and the acting is also some of the worst I've seen in a long time. The climax was dull and unsatisfying, and likely to offend most if not all non-Christians. Religious films can be done well, but they are definitely hit (The Exorcist, The Believers, King of Kings, Ben Hur) or miss (Exorcist II and III, Stigmata). Revelation is, unfortunately, in the latter category. DON'T SEE IT.
The film was made in 9 days and it shows. In particular, the budget obviously wasn't large enough to cover a decent recording system. Through out the film in scenes of dialog (and for a horror film there are a LOT of scenes of dialog), the character in screen is recorded loud and clear and the off screen, second voice is inaudible. Music video-style fast cuts and scene shifts that move backwards and forwards in time are not so much confusing as meant to try and downplay the lack of much plot or its illogic. The cast is generally quite good and makes a good attempt to overcome the inadequacies of the script and production.
I'm a huge Zappa fan, but this is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, right next to Star Wars The Phantom Menace. Frank and company should have taken a cue from the Beatles' Magical Mystery Tour and realized that you just can't shoot random weirdness and expect to have a watchable movie. The music's just ok, too. This version of the Mothers with Flo and Eddie was never one of my favorites. Still, the film does kind of suck you in and dares you to watch it. Some of the really old and cheeseball special effects, reverse film tricks, etc. come off as disturbing, but all in all, this is quite a snooze.
Adapting JG Ballard's novel might have seemed like a good idea to a director as provocative as David Cronenberg, but if any book screamed un-film-able, it's CRASH. It may be filthy, but it's also extremely boring, which is especially disheartening considering the fact that at least two of Cronenberg's earlier films --- THE BROOD and THE FLY --- are masterpieces of modern horror. CRASH features a typically dull James Spader getting entangled with a group of car crash fetishists and having sex with various people including Holly Hunter and a hobbling Roseanna Arquette. Ballard's book was devoid of narrative and Cronenberg makes the mistake of trying to instill one. He's not successful and unfortunately CRASH is crap.
From incredibly inept scriptwriting to ridiculously bad acting, sloppy editing and incompetent directing, this film belongs in movie-dumb's rubbish bin. It starts out slowly, with no dialog, then increases its yawn factor as words are added to this meandering, nonsensical script. There are so many disconnected and incomplete avenues in this film that the viewer suspects it is a parody of a real movie. It continues trudging along into an undeveloped storyline that makes the viewer wonder if anyone actually viewed this film before it was released onto an unsuspecting public. Hard to believe Clint Eastwood directed, produced and acted in this piece of human excrement. This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen.
I went to see this movie prompted by critics that placed it up there in the pantheon of masterpieces. Never was I let down this much before! Apart from the on going dialogues that may or may not be profound or interesting, the art of cinema is not really present. I believe good cinema is what makes you want to see a movie again and again even if you do not follow the story/stories. "Breathless" is such a movie. This one isn't. When characters seem far more intelligent than those behind the camera we have a failure. It is as if they have escaped the movie-making process and every directors attempt to control his material seems futile.
I agree totally with the others. Fire Sale is one of the funniest comedies ever made. I have not read Maltin's review. But if it is negative, the man is suspect. As for the few who were extremely critical of the movie, I'm speechless. How could one not love this film? It is one side-splitting scene after another. It is nigh impossible to summarize it. One has to experience it. Further more, it is Jewish comedy at its very best. They don't make films like this anymore. Like the others, I have searched for this film in nearly 25 years. I would welcome contact from anyone who can help me find a copy.
A Concorde with a terrible paint job and a passenger list of half-wits begins to have trouble in the air. I didn't care that Mike Brady was the captain. I didn't care that Ben Cartwright was one of the airport big-shots. I didn't even care that when the plane wrecked and burst into a giant fireball, everybody on board would die a bloody screaming death. As a matter of fact, I was hoping for the plane to explode. Yeah, that would be good, because then I could see every one of these dildoes fry and watch them float down to earth in a shower of bacon bits. Thank you for burning beyond recognition with Dumbbell Airlines.
The four leads are very effective as the disaffected temps, pariahs in a generic office. They are ably supported by veterans such as Stanley De Santis and Bob Balaban. For its first forty minutes, Clockwatchers effectively creates a Twilight-Zonish office hierarchical atmosphere with our heroines as the office pariahs. Then it spends its last hour expounding upon the fragile and transitory nature of office friendships amidst corporate backstabbing for advancement and survival -- especially among temps. After the first hour, it is the viewer who is the clockwatcher as it winds down with no additional insights, humor, or surprises. I'd give the first half a 7, and the second half a 1, which leaves me with a 4.
And you thought your significant other's family was weird? Wedding Slashers will make you think twice about ever saying "I do." It is reminiscent of past horror titles such as 'Deadly Friend' and 'Friday the 13th.' It is a classic slasher film that features characters with names like 'Sock Monkey' and 'The Mortician.' You may laugh at first but trust me, these guys will freak you out. This is a quencher for the blood-thirsty horror/slasher fan that needs to see gore, gore and more gore. It's not all slash and gash either - Wedding Slashers is chock-full-of one-liners and will give you more than just a chuckle. You're going to need to see this one to believe it.
The basic plot has already been revealed. A bunch of gung-ho soldiers are on a mission on an island and run into some sort of alien creature. So far so good. Might make an entertaining movie. However- all the actors really, _REALLY_ suck. They are type-cast in a way which makes it obvious from the very beginning how they will react to any situation. The next problem is that the plot is as boring and predictable as the actors. Unless you are somewhat challenged you are always at lest two steps ahead of the movie, and nothing will surprise you. Whatever you feel like watching, just ignore this film. It is a complete waste of time.
Boy, there must have been a real dearth/scarcity of film fests back then!? (Not that being Nom'd for the Palme d' Or is chicken feed!!) But no others? Very odd! Re: whomever's comment about Clu being "demented," he didn't seem that way to me, although I guess he had somewhat of a rep as an actor. Numerous actors who really care about their craft and/or are simply real people do have such days (or weeks, or years), so...!? His interview on the DVD of "The Killers" is very lucid, although it may have been rehearsed? No idea! But this is a really terrific short film; it's worth renting "Geogre Washington" just to watch it, imo!!!
OK maybe the special effects and the storyline are not that great, but as a cool action flick, the tiger blade rocks. The duration of the movie is 110 min and it contains almost 80 minutes of non-stop action. The movie has only begun or the action explodes on the screen. You have bullet-ballets, go-cart-chases, kick-ass-fighting and always with a funny undertone. I recently watched Born to Fight and Tom-Yum-Goong, and OK the action sequences are better made, but in total, both movies we're rather disappointing. Both these movies we're made with much bigger budgets, but The Tiger Blade is more enjoyable and a second viewing will not be a problem. I'd actually want to see it again.
I love the Columbo series, have seen at least 80 percent of the show's episodes, and hope to eventually see them all. So far, this one is by far the worst. What makes it so disappointing is that it has a wonderful supporting cast: John Dehner, Diane Baker, Robert Vaughn, Wilfrid Hyde-White, and Dennis Dugan, among others. But what a waste of talent. And what terrible pacing and staging. Patrick McGoohan is a fine actor, and his performances as the murderer in this series are outstanding. But his directing in this episode is simply awful. If you're a Columbo fan, skip this one. If you're not a Columbo fan, all the more reason to skip it as well!
Best detective show ever. Tony Shalhoub is impeccable as the compulsive detective. He is able to solve crimes based on the thinest (and believable) threads of evidence. He is also able to draw you into the plot with ease - like an old friend who brings you into his trust you wait on every word. Mr. Shalhoub is an enormously talented actor. Anything he has a role in is worth watching just to see him in it. You must watch this great program. 10+/10 -Zafoid PS: ...sorry - I got so involved in Mr. Shalhoub's acting ability that I forgot - major kudos to the writers and supporting cast and the crew. :) -Z
I started watching The man thinking that the film was going to be one of the worst movies I have seen in my entire life.But,there was a surprise:the film was only very bad,but not one of the worst movies I have ever seen.That's the best thing I can say about this bad film.The movie is predictable and the formula it has is very used.The story is irrelevant and the film is crap from the beginning until the end.Eugene Levy and Samuel L.Jackson are excellent actors but they are wasted here.The script is simply pathetic.''Director''Les Mayfield continues with his pathetic career(which includes craps like Flubber and Blue streak).The man is a pathetic film and I do not recommend it.
Ms. Arquette is hot...aside from that...she has created a film that is one of the finest films about music that I have seen. The lady who inspired Toto's big hit...speaks with a whole lotta musicians about the business of music. They all appear to be coherent...as in Sex...Sobriety...and Rock & Roll. The majority of the artists have been well known for over thirty years...and some of them almost did not make it this far. I am glad that they did. I just hope that Joni Mitchell does not end up like Sammy Davis Junior. I could have watched another several hours of Ms. Arquette's interviews...perhaps not in one sitting...but certainly in two parts.
Very few votes so far, but I can't understand why they're so low. This is an excellent, throughly entertaining documentary that lets you make your own mind up about a very interesting individual's teaching methods, and the results he gets. I guess a lot of people just didn't approve of Paul and, as such, have given low ratings to register their disapproval. Idiots. How would you have come to feel so passionately about him if you hadn't seen such and insightful documentary? Speaking of which, this is one of the best I've seen in recent times. A love of the music involved will enhance your enjoyment I suppose, but it's not really about that. Check it out.
This movie is very much in the tradition of Kubrick. It's quiet, it's dramatic, sophisticated and beautifully shot. The ending is ambiguous; open to interpretation. Cameron Bright is convincingly haunted as the possible re-incarnation of Anna's (Nicole Kidman) deceased husband. Birth reveals the ways in which love and the removal of that love can traumatize us. I did not realize who the director of this film was until after I finished it. I was pleased to see that Mr. Glazer has also directed Sexy Beast which is another excellent film and one of my personal favorites of the past 10 years or so. I strongly recommend this to anyone who enjoyed Sexy Beast or the work of Kubrick.
I have to start with the fact that this will certainly be one of the most compelling and most unforgettably sincerely romantic films that you have ever seen. The title does not suggest the true meaning and thought provoking power of one of the greatest films in existence. While the war is the backdrop and plays a strong supporting plot point, it does not suggest the feeling of love and the knowing that every moment counts that the film ultimately portrays. I hope that everyone who reads this will take the time to seek out this film. It is the quintessential example of a form of art that can really alter your outlook on life for the better.
It's hard not to develop an appreciation and affection for meerkats after watching this show. Every episode is either watching a new drama unfold or one that continues to unfold in the never dull life of a mob of meerkats known as the "Whiskers" family. It's easy to get engrossed in the comings and goings, challenges, and drama in the meerkat family. Pluses include getting acquainted with other wildlife in the Kalahari Desert through the Whiskers family, whether it's their encounters with plovers, hunts for scorpions, or on the lookout for dangerous neighbors and predators. Also, the amazing close-ups both above and below ground, beautiful cinematography of the Kalahari landscape, and astute narration is a big thumbs up.
I may be going against the grain here, but I found Almost Heroes to be one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Granted, it's not a thinking mans comedy, but it's Chris Farley funny and that's what makes it a great movie. Full of silly humor and hijinks, this movie is laugh out loud funny the whole way through. Personally, I thrive on stupid humor and this movie is a plethora of it. If you are into movies such as Eyes Wide Shut or The Piano, I might shy from this film. However, if you can't get enough of Chris Farley and love movies such as Tommy Boy or Dirty Work, this movie is for you.
Is anybody besides me getting burned out on low budget "homages" to other low budget "homages" ? Take everything you've ever seen in a spoof about horror movies, minus a decent budget, add talentless writers directors and actors and add a "we're so hip check this out wink wink nudge nudge" tone to the movie and you have hide and creep. Oh, if you can't get Stephen King, Clive Barker, Quentin Tarantino, or Robby Rodriguez just get the guy that did Clerks and Dogma to throw a stupid blurb on the DVD cover. Everyone cares what he thinks, right...? This movie wasn't even funny in a stupid kind of way. Stay away from this dog.
With NAVIGATOR this is the BEST juvenile/escapist movie of the 1980s. What can I say, I just watched it once as it first aired decades ago, but still had positive memories and thus watched it again a few days ago. I bet the scenes inspired tripe like Harry Potter (juveniles chasing mysteries in old English school settings, eh?). Atmosphere is good, acting excellent, SFX very good (Era/genre wise ). Of course it is a bit of a salad bar mixing Indiana Jones, E.T. Gremlins and other 1980s motifs (the underground temple scene clearly imitates Conan the barbarian)...much as in the NEVERENDING STORY you get a funny man trying to fly... Plot contrivances abound and are well thought of.
I realize that, being an American, I may not be the most objective about this... but really! This movie made the American troops look like bumbling, cruel, calloused idiots vs. the gentile, peace-loving, well trained VC. I am a veteran, and having been to war and understand the reality of the fact that both sides are human. I also understand that America is not always right. Even allowing for those things I cant give any credit here for an attempt at accuracy. There was nothing objective about the clear anti-American bias in this movie. If you enjoy watching American soldiers die then you may like this movie... This is a horrible movie about a horrible war...
I rented this movie by mistake cause, i was actually searching another one with a similar name, but boy was i blown away. I remember that I was watching with friends, and we laughed so much, it was probably the funniest film I've seen in years. It's a new-age comedy, but with a twist of the old Serbians classics. The storyline is amazing, thus the characters are chosen so well, and the actors are the best Yugoslavian actors there are today in the acting business.The whole storyline is carefully planned, although it might seems a bit confusing at first, you get used to it, and after that it's just a Joy ride from than on. HIGHLY Recommended !!!
What a fun and delightful movie... Just wish it was available on DVD. Family Fun... Already a Christmas Classic. Mimi is once again at her best. There is great emotional displays from Happy, sad, love, concern, twists and turns. It is creative and a joy to watch over and over. The characters are normal, wacky and arrogant.... a wide variance. The plot is smooth and fine for any age in my opinion. Humor, drama and a love story. This Movie seems to have increased in showing frequency since it first aired. I continue to check DVD sources to see if it is released. Will buy when it is as I can't say enough about the film.
I think it was a movie well done. It is an inspiring story of faith, and hope. It was the act of taking a stand for something you believe in. And not really giving up on it no matter what. The end really got me, something that seemed so impossible,(to me)was actually accomplished. Somethings that did happen in the film were frightening.However, there was a lot of courage,and strength. Which showed the goodness and the awesomeness of God.God always seems to work things out. AWESOME! The leading actress was wonderful,the acting of all of the actors were great. All in all, it was a great movie. Highly recommend. Two thumbs way way up! 10 out of 10 definitely.
I have been looking for the overnight bag Morris Chestnut had at the bachelor party in the movie. Someone please help me find it!!!! The movie was a must have on video and the cast was excellent! Nia Long was gorgeous!!! No matter how many times I watch it it's like the first. Are there anymore "black " films like this coming next year? Did this film receive many awards? How old is Nia Long in this movie? The female that slept w/ Terrance Howard was gorgeous also. What are her next movie project?What is her name? The girls at the party was fine!!!! Does the director have anymore projects pending? I give the entire movie an A+!!!!!!
I recommend this movie: "matando cabos" It's a very funny movie, you will forget your problems because you will be laughing since the movie start to the end. There are more good movies in Mexico, like "Como agua para chocolate" , Nicotina , Amores Perros"., so Mexican people are doing a good job with this movies. In my opinion, the actors are good, anyway, this kind of movies are good for distraction, laughing, and when you want to have a very good time and want to forget your own problems. The director did an excellent job with this movie, including the actors were working on it. Some American movies are boring, and they suppose to make you laugh.
This is a tightly written time travel thriller that holds together, with all loose ends tied up. The explanation for the device is a little unbelievable, but hey, it's the movies. Unlike Premonition, which had so many plot inconsistencies that made the film unwatchable, the writers of this screenplay clearly gave their plot line a lot of thought. The director gives you subtle clues throughout the movie that connect events and link them to the plot, so it's possible to keep up with the action without getting too confused, but it does keep you guessing. All in all, a cleverly written sci-fi drama that holds your interest. Denzel, as usual, holds the movie together with another great performance.
Yup... that's right, Survivor is the best reality show i've seen till date, and i was quite surprised it didn't feature in this year's Emmy Awards Nominations. I read in one of the above comments that Survivor's odd numbered seasons are usually not that good, i wanna say that i don't agree at all! Coz, Survivor 17: Gabon, was simply awesome... and i'm just starting season 19, i.e. Samoan, and its looking cool as well. The best thing in Survivor is the picturisation, the natural scenery, the diverse cast, and last but not the least Emmy Award winner and this year's nominee for best host : Jeff Barrot... Its a must watch for all reality show addicts..
How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this long? It's terrible. It makes me want to shoot someone. It's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. I'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. I remember watching it when it first came out. I thought, hey this could be interesting, then I found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. It was so bad that I actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table. Please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.
I have a confession to make: I hate "evil twin" stories. There have been, to date, 750,899 versions of the "sinister sibling" on American television alone. Add in the innumerable feature films that feature "terrible twosomes" and we're talking 4.5 million times that this hackneyed approach has been used. Even George Romero, an otherwise mostly original filmmaker, used the doppelganger (in his version of THE DARK HALF, Stephen King's hackneyed retelling of The Evil (br)Other story). Enough, already. Anybody who thinks this is anywhere near Tsukamoto's best simply hasn't got a clue. It's better than A SNAKE OF JUNE, but that's not saying a whole lot. How does it stack up against his earlier films? It don't. Period.
How horror should be. I was fortunate enough to view this prior to The Call of Cthulhu at the Leeds Film Festival in 2006 and to be honest, Oculus was better. Goes to show that you don't need masses of blood and gore and elaborate sets to produce chilling horror. I found myself holding my breath on more than one occasion as well as looking for a non-existent cushion to hide behind! That's how good it is! The acting was brilliant and it was really well written - the story will appeal to any fan that loves a spine-chiller. Looking forward to other instalments and hoping to get this on DVD someday.
This is definitely one of the most interesting shows to watch. There are lots of survival shows out there, but this one really kicks the competition. This show is great to watch because Les Stroud really does survive. Most of these types of shows use camera crews to document their survival, which isn't bad either, but this is pretty much a one-man show. The show definitely has a lot of great adventures taken on by Les Stroud, the Survivorman. This is a unique show of how insane it is to survive alone in different wilderness situations and scenarios. This is a great show to watch and I'd definitely recommend watching it if you want to see REAL survival.
The first two-thirds of "The I Inside" are fantastic: very intriguing and engaging, recalls "The Butterfly Effect", "Jacob's Ladder" and "identity", just to mention three similar movies. The situation of Simon Cable resuscitated without memory in the hospital in two different years is disclosed like a puzzle, and I was mesmerized with this film. Unfortunately, it seems that the screenplay writer raised so many weird situations that he was not able to conciliate all of them in a satisfactory ending, and indeed the plot has a very disappointing conclusion. I regret and feel sorry, since this movie could have been a masterpiece of the genre. My vote is eight. Title (Brazil): "O Terceiro Olho" ("The Third Eye")
I've loved Thomas since I was a kid and I don't know why the movie gets a bad reputation. The music and Peter Fonda's acting are worthy of an Academy Award. But there are some flaws. First of all how does Thomas get to the coal car? There's only one track! And second where is everyone? The island looks like the rapture happened everyone's disappeared. Many of the characters: Edward, Duck, Mavis, Donold, Douglas, the narrow gauge engines etc. are absent! So as I said, good but flawed. I still don't understand why so many people hated this movie. It is and will always be a childhood favorite that I will pass on to my children.
This movie is the spiritual ancestor of so many later boxing film, including the great 'Raging Bull,' but its story is too by-the-numbers for it to be a true classic, in my opinion. It's still an effective movie, however. Similar observations could be made about its star, John Garfield, as well. For a fight film, not that much action takes place inside the ring. This is not inappropriate, since the focus is on Charley Davis' (Garfield) struggles outside the arena, both to win the woman he loves and against the mobster who wants to control him. The last fight sequence, however, is handled particularly well. Director Robert Rossen and cinematographer James Wong Howe can be thanked for that.
A boxer fights his way to the top while dealing with corruption. Garfield has perhaps the best role of his career, as he marvelously conveys the toughness, confidence, and compassion of his character. Palmer is equally good as his girlfriend, a practical woman who stands by her man. Revere made a career out of playing understanding mothers, and here she is Garfield's mother. In a sad coincidence, Lee, who plays a rival boxer, had an untimely death of a heart attack in May 1952, two weeks before Garfield died young of a heart attack. Rossen does a good job of creating a gritty, film noir atmosphere in what is generally regarded as one of the best boxing films.
There is one compelling reason to see "The Apostle," and that reason is Robert Duvall. Duvall directed himself in this story about an evangelist who embarks on a self-assigned mission to save souls when his own life goes wrong. Duvall gives a scorching, blistering performance in the title role, sinking deeply into his character until you feel like Duvall the actor no longer even exists. He also proves himself to be a competent director, even though that hasn't been a calling he's pursued subsequently. It's just criminal that Jack Nicholson beat Duvall for the 1997 Best Actor Award with a performance like the one he gives in "As Good as It Gets." Grade: A
Duvall is nothing less than superb in this movie. I don't recall him playing a more believable character ever before. The one disappointment in the movie was the church scenes. I belong to a Christian church with "enthusiastic" members and Pastors. However, they don't stand around screaming the same one liners the entire time and I don't recall ever being in a church that did. They usually have a message for the day and it is different all the time. I am sure some more research could have been done to make the church scenes more realistic. I might have had more compassion for E.F.'s situation had he gained more of my respect by giving a great sermon.
I'm a great fan of polish cinematography, although I have to watch all these movies subtitled. However, I was told that "Chlopaki nie placza" is the worst movie ever. I've seen it, and I have to say: One of the most hilarious movies ever made! I can promise you will find this film amusing, when you'll see 'Laska' coming home, reminiscing his dad or 'Grucha' wearing his pink sweater and falling in love with the prostitute. Many people may have a lot of criticisms about this film; that it shows a very silly story or that it is a copy of Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction". Well maybe it is. But it definitely works for this film. MUST BE SEEN!!!
This is another "sleeper" about totalitarian regimes in Central America. What is particularly fascinating about this one is that Romero, a non-political man, comes to the realizaton that there is no such thing as apolitical, apolitical ultimately being complicity, and recognizes his responsibility to take a stand for his people, despite pressure from Rome to refrain from doing so. I remember hearing about the events in this movie on the radio, when they were actually taking place. For me this reality is a major part of how I felt watching this movie. The movie is quite good, but I didn't enjoy it. I don't think one watches such movies for enjoyment. I give it a 10!
Opinion from the former USSR. My childhood has coincided with our Reorganization and disintegration of the USSR and then at us information freedom, which was not in the USSR, has begun, and has appeared a lot of western, especially American, films, cartoon films, music. I saw very many, much was pleasant to me were a favorite "Ninza Turtles", and from "ThunderCats" I then saw only one episode (about huge spiders), but they have sunk down to me in soul and later 20 years they (ThunderCats) is my favorite cartoon serial from serious (and from comic - "The Pink Panther") and I now try to extract a full serial on disks in the original (without a translation into Russian).
What a waste of time! I don't know what was more frustrating, a ridiculous plot that made little sense and seemed to go nowhere tortuously slow, the difficult-to-understand cockney accents, or the retarded cinematography. Yikes! How can this movie be in the IMDB top 250? Be forewarned, this movie SUCKS! There is a scene in the movie where a woman is bludgeoned with a large ceramic statue of a penis, and at the end, I felt as if I'd been similarly beat. I would bet that Stanley Kubrick probably smoked a phallic shaped crack vile for the inspiration to make this movie...nothing else makes sense! It oughta come with sub-titles, and while they're at it, make another movie.
Neil Rosengarden is the composer of We Don't Make 'Em Anymore. Not Nicholas Hollander. Would someone who knows how to change this and has the time to do it take care of this please? It's so complicated. I am Neil Rosengarden and am the 100% composer of We Don't Make 'Em Anymore, and if you want to verify it, check it at BMI. Thank You!!!! Okay, I'll add more lines of text. What kind of text would you like? Yellow rose of text as? Text the A train? I need to get off the computer now. I have to write some more songs, okay. Don't make me come back here ever again. Thanks, it's really been fun.
61 is about two professional baseball players who are running to beat Babe Ruth's record. This is the best baseball movie or television series I have ever seen, clearly! The acting by Barry Pepper as Roger Maris and Thomas Jane as Micky Mantle were terrific. Their excellent duos. I don't know about you, but the series was a very realistic baseball movie. I remember watching this series on HBO because it was always on and all I was thinking was that this movie is just great. I mean there were a couple of flaws but other than that I really did like this series and the acting was amazing. I highly recommend. Hedeen's outlook: 9/10 ***+ A-
i just watched this movie last night and i was very very disappointed, what happened to the original cast? this kam heskin actress is no good n this movie,she acts very awkward and seems out of line always,i cant feel inspired. Why are they messing up with this movie it seems this is a very low budget movie. The original cast are all marvelous why are they replaced? The only thing that i will watched this movie is Luke Mably who seems not happy also doing this.Why are they turning this movie into a joke. All the things showed here are all disappointing except for Luke who still perform a great job. I will rate this movie negative.
Entertaining movie about an awful event. I Watched it again for the first time since I saw it on TV, and was impressed. It actually touched on the prejudices of the time quite well. The acting was good, and it was fun to go down memory lane with some familiar faces-most who were in the smaller parts (Brian Dennehy, Gregg Henry, Adam Arkin, Max Gail). I liked Dennis Weaver's performance better now than in the 70s when "McCloud" was fresh in my mind, because his character was not that likable. For Robert Wagner fans, I would say this is one of his better roles...Especially if you measure his performance by hotness, as well as acting and character likability.
This movie has its stereotype, but its small and many different injections of its own. The many scenes with its little life lessons and quotable lines and direction should make one think a little harder. Take in these little lessons and minuscule comments to heart because real life can be quoted, but in these quotes are left to bear more than consumed by a normal viewer. There are more than normal movie viewers out there that can read what I mean...if you don't maybe I just didn't make it clear that this movie has more meaning and to get you to watch it was to use a cliché love story....look and feel closely, this movie will surprise you...
The acting was so-so at best, the direction plodding and the songs sounded like an off key version of "You light up my life." In fact, I thought some of the score was a rip off of that song until learned it was written by the same guy. Perhaps the worst part was the "romantic time together" montage...we see them running, walking on the beach, riding horses on the beach (can you rent horses in LA?), eating, going to the park, etc. etc. It reminded me of a similar scene in the first "Naked Gun" only this was supposed to be serious. It came across as a movie designed to sell a soundtrack...and too often, the soundtrack won.
When i first saw the movie i couldn't actually determine if it is an action movie or a movie mocking other action movies. I was surprised when they used the ultimate tom and jerry prank were the good guy literally pulled the carpet from underneath the bad guy sending him into a magnificent somersault in the air. I personally believe that its very naive. there is no plot what so ever. It is a movie about a guy who was so lucky and avoided being killed several times in one day. The stunts are bad. There was a moment where i could have almost swear that the guy was gonna trip and fall on his face
This one's good for young, unsuspecting children at best. But any other age group would find this movie poorly made and actually pretty atrocious. It's so bad, that it's laughable. Everything from the acting to the special effects to even some of the scenery is quite sub-par. I'll admit, the plot had some degree of potential, but all of the aforementioned qualities made this movie one for the birds. Though some may be able to, it would still be beyond me if you can somehow see through these disastrous details into its "warm-hearted cuteness." Call me a "Grinch", but I still stand by the fact that this is definitely one holiday movie you could go without.
I just finished watching this. I have to admit, in terms of tone and emotions, this is definitely the heaviest animation that I have seen. In this sense, Oseam bears some similarities with Grave of the Fireflies. This is not to say, however, that the movie is sad through and through. There is no point in revealing any of the plot - suffice to say, the journey is ultimately fulfilling. In terms of animation quality, it is second to none. It is especially impressive considering that it was hand-drawn. Last but not least, this is not your average Disney flick - teens may be able to appreciate the story, but younger kid most likely cannot handle it.
I find this one of the most moving stories because it is not a frolic through the daisies, walking along the beach and live happily ever after stories. The leading man is not the "prince charming" that it is rumored most women seek. The heroine is not the perfect girl-next-door sweetheart that has men lining up for a dance. Their lives are not enviable. Their relationship is not coveted. I can't even say that the characters are admirable or likable. In fact some might find them contemptuous. However, it is a story about love that doesn't shy away from a reality of true love that few dare to portray - pain, sacrifice and possibly doing the wrong thing.
This was Dennis Potter's simplest TV play, drawn apparently from vivid memories of his childhood in the Forest of Dean during WW2. Successive productions though became increasingly elaborate, obscure and reflecting obsessions with his own disabling illness and young women largely as sex objects. His increasing reputation coincided with an Emporer's clothes syndrome where each offering became ritually hailed as a masterpiece. This is a faultless production where Potter's spot-on script and characterisations of a group of 12 year-olds are coupled to the novel but very successful device of having adults play children. It is a simple original dish made of the best ingredients and impeccably cooked. Something nobody can fail to fully enjoy and appreciate.
Definitely one of my all-time favorite comedies. Well directed, well acted -- priceless comic performances by Pesci, Tomei, Gwynne & Austin Pendleton. And more than comedy -- there's also a lot of genuine pathos and real tension and drama, especially in the final courtroom scene. And I really don't understand the "controversy" or brouhaha over Marisa Tomei receiving the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her role in this movie. It's a crackerjack gem of a performance and a stellar comic portrayal. The only thing I can figure is that a lot of snobbery about serious dramatic portrayals somehow being more worthy of honor than great comic performances still very much lives on in much of the film community.
J.T. debuted on CBS in 1969 and won a Peabody Award that year. I probably saw it in 1969, but I know for sure I saw it during the 1970s as it was rebroadcast several times, usually around Christmas. Although a bit of a sentimental weeper, the acting and portrayal of life in a tough urban neighborhood are gritty and believable. I doubt that today's tastemakers would approve of anything so realistic being offered as fare for children. It is too bad J.T. is no longer broadcast and is not readily available on VHS or DVD. To my mind, J.T. is as much of a Christmas classic as It's A Wonderful Life or A Christmas Story.
Pretty funny-bad Western here, which feature that all-time famous (sarcasm) trio, The Three Mesquiteers, as they help people who have just escaped a flood (which caused DESOLATION, PESTILATION and FAMINE, (so say the cue cards). They are offered ranch land in Arizona by a unscrupulous shyster, and it's up to the three to make sure Justice Is Served! So in less in an hour, we have laughably bad fights, a joke of a song, scary stunt handling, a guy doing a non-stop comedy routine with a dummy, and rather offensive jibes at stuttering people. All this, and this rather curious confusion with the 1930's wardrobe mixed in with western drag. Highly strange, but not really worth your time.
I know most of Sergiu Nicolaesu's work and somehow in my early childhood back in Romania I enjoyed it. There were mainly war movies going all the way from The Romans and Dacians till The Second World War battles. But this one is a caricature of a flick... No substance, bad acting, no camera movement just to name a few... The actors are incredible dull and shallow and the plot... but what the hack... there is no plot, just a narcissistic character with some gushy women orbiting around him. It seems as it was intended to be a C movie from the start and hopefully it does. So save your ticket and popcorn money for something more interesting.
It is rare to see these days such a true to life film. the director delivers an extraordinary story of the truth of the human character. The depth of passion expelled from each look and each frame is amazing. Never have I seen such truth put on screen. It is the way of the world, It is the truth of the hardship of living. Based on a true Brooklyn story about an Italian family in the middle of some rocky patches. The lines and thoughts stay with you long after the movie has ended. The characters just felt like people that I know. People with real problems nothing melodramatic which was nice to see.
It was a pleasure watching this charming and heartwarming film. I went to see it without really knowing anything about it and found myself falling in love with the movie from the very beginning. It has such a simple yet emotionally satisfying premise - a young boy searching for a hero to save his dying mother. The young actor made all the difference. Besides his personal charisma and cuteness he also happens to be a real natural, effortlessly performing in from of a camera. This goes for the rest of the cast too. It's just amazing how such a small film with unknown cast and crew can create such a beautiful movie. A gem of a film!
I loved this movie as a kid. It's a great suspenseful, spooky movie without any gore because of the time period it was made in. Back then they had to rely on a plot to get the audiences attention. I am desperate to buy this movie on DVD. I hope someday someone will put it on DVD. It's a treasure that should not be lost. If anyone comes across source we can buy this from, I hope they will post it to let us all know. At this point I have to fill in the 10 lines of text this thing says I have to have to post a comment :-(
JUDY BERLIN was obviously inspired by the many comedies of Woody Allen. Everything from the black and white look (that Allen used in MANHATTAN and STARDUST MEMORIES among others), to the neuroses of it's main character David (a struggling filmmaker) to the girl he tries to win (THE SOPRANOS' great Edie Falco) to the portrayal of the parents (including the late, great Madeline Kahn, in her final performance), all suggests Woody. But the director, Eric Mendelson, making his first film, captures all these people in the same way Allen does in all their humour- but also suggests a level of sadness that Woody hardly ever did. This is a wonderful little film that should be enjoyed by all.
I watched this on TV at Christmas time and really enjoyed it. It's good family entertainment, thought the sword fights were great. Really liked Susie Amy as Valentine, think she was good for the role, and Marcus Jean Pirae was good as well as Villeroi. It wasn't brilliantly written, it was a bit 'storytelling' but the cast was great - Gerard Depardiu didn't do very much though - it seemed as though he was drunk from time to time! The villages and the sets were beautiful and really perfect for the period. It was great to see Michael York back as D'Artagnan! I would recommend this for adults and children, it's an adventure...
It's easy to see why the Beatles has always been such a phenomenon. For a person like me who is born in the late 80s actually, I am do aware how huge the four lads from Liverpool are. As this is about the life of John Lennon, from his early days to the time he was with the Beatles, the TV movie is more focused about him and his life. The time when Beatlemania is everywhere, it was not ignored in the TV movie as well. Given I am only aware of the Beatles' success, so much of what's happening in the TV movie is an eye-opener for someone like me. It's quite an insight.
How bad is it? 26 years later I STILL feel robbed for having paid to see this joke. Caught it on TV last night, and forced myself to "give it a second chance". Wrong move!! There is nothing redeeming about this movie - special effects are terrible, dialogue stinks, each turn of events is so implausible that you get mad at everyone involved. SPOILER (not that it matters...) Final ridiculous turn - the entire world has been destroyed by nuclear war, but they find one area that wasn't targeted by a nuke and therefore is still a beautiful green sunny place, with no radiation and no nuclear winter and little children playing ball. Give me a break!
Funded mostly by Iranian state oil and mining companies, this documentary is dazzling in its presentation, but careless about the historical facts. A mixed bag of a documentary, but especially good at the "docu-drama", "edu-tainment" end of the documentary spectrum. One of the most interesting parts of the documentary as presented on the DVD is the "making of" segment which allows one to see some of the means of production and just how much of the film was guided by the director and his Iranian translators and handlers. Some parts are highly entertaining and others are tendentious and "propagandizing". It is in some ways a tour-de-force of the "infomercial", but this time for an entire civilization.
This is an excellent movie. This was evident by the fact that while the movie was playing the audience stayed absolutely quiet. Usually when a movie is a clunker the audience starts fidgeting and becomes restless. This movie kept the audience's attention. The star of this movie was Guy Pearce who gives a compelling performance as a government operative. Of course, Don Cheadle gives another excellent performance, this time playing a character whose loyalty is put to the test under the strangest circumstances. The story immediately grabs the audience's attention and dramatizes the dynamics and issues relating to the government's response to terrorism and provides an interesting take on the challenges associated with police work and undercover infiltration.
Jeff Goldblum is simply a supreme actor. He has the talent of drawing the audience into the role he is playing at the time and that is a rare thing indeed! This move is a wonderful example of the Headless Horseman story. I wasn't even aware there were VCR copies of the movie. Hopefully the studio/production company will become aware of the need for a DVD of this movie. Considering all the DVDs out there at this time, this DVD would be a step in the right direction of quality home entertainment. Plus, it is not just a seasonal type of movie. The story was very interesting and creative. Definitely worthy of year-round appraisal. See it, it's great!
This is another movie full of stereotypes! A white Eminem Vanilla Ice wannabe is trying to be a rapper. He acts black. What is the definition of acting black? He talks slang and almost sabotaged his dad's political career. Then some black actors who are acting white, (define acting white) Taye Diggs and Anthony Anderson, starts acting black and kidnaps him and takes him to the ghetto. Fly Regina Hall pretends to like the white guy, but sabotages his good time with two other fly black girls. She ends up really liking him in the end. Look for a cameo appearance by Niecy Nash in this movie. There are a lot of stereotypical crazy adventures in this movie.
This show seems to be quite underrated. It's got it going on - solid story lines and characters. Everyone is very believable in the roles and the story lines are relate-able. It's kinda fresh too vs. cliché and predictable. There are familiar faces and several new ones. Rosie Perez is a nice addition. Great acting and eye candy for the ladies and guys. This show deserves way more credit then it gets. Each episode gets better and better. The 10/8 was awesome. It's in a good time slot too - watch Project Runway then switch to NBC for this quality programming. I feel invested in the show and will keep watching it. Hope you give it a chance.
I watched Dae Jang Geum from DVD. I was more convince by my best friend Jory . i had always associate Yeong-ae Lee with a sort of saccharine , sweet piety but watching it showed a different side and made me admire her deep humility, a virtue that is strange to us now a days, Yeong ae Lee infuses her character with beauty , wit, and intensity. I personally enjoyed the period of settings, customs, " Cooking demo" colorful costumes, etc. as well as finding the character believable and engaging. I recommend this film to anyone of any age, who is looking for uplifting, true story , that will make you laugh and cry ones in a while..Mabuhay!!
Greedy is a film you may have passed on Showtime, or glanced at in the TV Guide and thought, "never heard of it". To be honest, I can't recall its stint in the theaters either. However, on the recommendation of my father, I gave it a chance. The interaction between all of the characters is terrific. Phil Hartman gives comic brilliance, mixed with wit and sarcasm in his usual way. This movie has a lot of laugh out loud moments for people who are into clever comedy with a slightly twisted mind. It is cemented in my comedy top 5 with Stripes, Planes Trains and Automobiles, Ferris Buellers Day Off, and Ridgemont. Highly recommended! 9/10
This is a mature, thoughtful study of the games we play with ourselves to make it through the day; a walk through loss and denial. The acting is simple and superb throughout. Rampling gets deserved praise for this role, but Bruno Cremer as her husband has perhaps the most difficult role to tread, it's a fine line done marvelously. Ozon is one of my favorite Directors. His work is always thought provoking, risky, and willing to explore the dark corners to bring fullness to the life of his characters. Some of Ozon's work is bright and campy. His other mode is quiet and serious. This is one of his most serious, and one of the best.
While the first film gained notariety due to it's allegedly real sex scenes, it otherwise was a boring waste of time. the sequel (which has nothing to do with the first film other than the name) offers more of the same. it's slightly improved in that it actually has a plot and the explicit sex scenes are better integrated into the movie. the acting is average with the only benefit being the presence of the extremely pretty and sexy Nina Siemaszko as 'Blue'. her performance is well done and the sex scenes featuring her are the better ones in the film. overall, strictly for fans of writer/producer/director Zalmand King and boring sex flicks. rating:3
Excellent movie, very well acted, conceived, photographed. No cheap sentimentality here. It grabs you and hits you hard, leaves you serious and depressed. No sides taken really-all the deeds and people it shows are murderers and victims. This is a movie for thought, not entertainment! Even though it's impossible for a movie to come close to the real horrors that took place in that land, as in so many other lands, it makes one think about the enormous scale of man's inhumanity to man throughout history. If I ever had any doubts that the world is ruled by Evil, thinking about the wars, blood, lives, lies, and horror going on for centuries reminds me that it is so.
I totally related to this movie! Being a little theater nerd all through high school I always felt left from most of my classmates, but this movie.. this is what it should have been like for me. The movie overall may be a little formulaic, but it has a definite message of acceptance and overcoming obstacles. No matter who you are, you will find meaning within this movie. I think many people wrote it off too soon and possibly without seeing it. With the advent of the movie musical, Camp may have come out too soon. Great recommendation if you liked Rent. am spreading the word about this movie to all of my friends!
a complex, non-narrative 20+ min. experimental film, "pandora's paradox" has a really interesting set of scenes, like a woman giving birth to a giant, bloody toe, an unforgettable sex scene, and its impossible climax, which makes this film really stand out. very inventive camera shots and effects are used, and it's one of the very few "art films" that make you want to watch it over and over! some may say that "pandora's paradox" is weird and inexplicable, but if you have an open mind, you'll quickly understand the general feeling of the film: betrayal, an urge for normalcy, and revenge. this director can go places!
I watched this show with trepidation expecting it to be another hit and miss, or even plain miss, of a mini-series. I was more then pleasantly suprised when the show proved not only to be hilarious but a much needed break from the vapid 'reality' shows that have come to expunge any palatability from our viewing pleasure. The 'bad acting', or 'showing the truth' as Garth puts it, is amazingly funny. This is especially true in the character of Garth's boss and the chef (The Office's Stephan Merchant). Overall, it can tend to be a bit tedious by the end but at the moment it is hysterical and I can't wait to see where they go from here.
Kudos to Channel 4 for showing this amazing comedy but damn them to Hades for not releasing this sooner. This comedy really will divide opinion, those who don't get it REALLY don't get it but for those that do, you really are in for a treat. Hammy doesn't do justice to the acting! Horrendous would be the best thing you could say about the story, dialogue and pretty much everything else about this. But before you run away, stay and watch just one episode and you'll see what a genius Matt Holness is and what a find this comedy is. 10-4 (You'll get it after!) PS Why does the DVD of this keep getting put back?
A move that hits the heart in so many places. Two teenagers, one knowing of his homosexuality, and one refusing it. This is a move that I think everyone should watch. It opens up ones' mind into the complications and implications involved with the entire circle around someone who is gay. Mostly it provides an understanding into the pain and confusion one faces when they are gay. This movie will stick with me forever, and no doubt moved up to my top favorite movie of all time because of its similarity with my life and my own homosexuality. The actors, especially Brad Gorton, aren't that bad either :) He's a terrific actor with an incredible capability for realism.
I'm an American ex-pat living in Seoul. I saw this movie without English subtitles and still managed to be affected by the story despite just having started to study Korean. The excellent story, direction, acting, and cinematography carried this film over any linguistic obstacles I had for a great delivery. I can't wait to pick it up on DVD to finally know some of the dialog that had every Korean person in the theta sobbing by the end of the movie. Really, a great story. You Are My Sunshine (English title) covers the issue of AIDS as well as prostitution, two topics that are still a little taboo in Korea, as well as much of Asia.
It wasn't awful, but this movie is pretty forgettable. With only a couple of exceptions, the characters came off as two dimensional, their actions made no sense and seemed totally unrealistic. The actors did a passable job with what they had. The dialogue had a few chuckles but largely felt short of witty, and it couldn't seem to commit to comedy and instead comes off as a not so compelling drama with a few comic moments. I will say the end was unexpected to me, but it didn't really make up for the flaws. Of course, Hayden Panettierre is really hot, and if you enjoy looking at her this movie is probably worth seeing just for that.
This movie is bad in every way conceivable. It's a adult-oriented yet approached in a very immature manner. The animation is anywhere from sketchy to stiff and dead. The plots in each of the stories only serve the singular purpose of indulging in whatever immoral and ridiculous themes that the writers thought of. The film as a whole is just shallow and mindless, like living out some immature adolescent comic book geek's dream. You don't sit through this film, you trudge painfully through it. For a film that requires no thought whatsoever, this movie causes your head to hurt too much. Why waste your time with it? There are better adult-oriented animated films from the era, see those.
At the U.S. Secret Operations Center a small group of doctors led by Kim Delaney are experimenting with a metallic skin on a frozen cadaver. This particular body is that of a secret agent that succumbed twenty years earlier to self injection of a blood sample from a...werewolf. Barry Bostwick plays the evil Colonel harboring the blueprints for this gruesome experiment. Thus the Government has given life to a wolf-like creature with metal skin. The only reason I watched this is Kim Delaney. I'd watch her do a puppet show! Also in the cast are: Brian Brophy, Carole Davis, Tim Duquette and Kane Hodder as the MetalBeast. Pretty bad movie except for the last twenty minutes or so.
Someone should tell Goldie Hawn that her career as a teen-age gamin ended thirty years ago. This is one of the worst films released in years, an unequivocal disaster in which the two leads give themselves over to a frenetic exposition of their trademark tics in an effort to make up for a bad script and bad directing. This thing should have been smothered at birth. I hope John Cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster. He is the only performer who came through this stinking mess more or less unscathed, his only fault being a failure to realize that the rest of the cast would sink the picture.
This movie was a true chore to watch. I don't know why it is seen by some as an artistic film--unless "artistic" means painfully dull and uninteresting. The entire plot is about two uninteresting people having dinner. The less annoying one (Wallace Shawn) is in awe of how brilliant Andre is, while I felt that Andre was mostly full of crap. Andre was a pseudo-intellectual character that delights in his own importance. If I had wanted to see such an obnoxious and self-important people, I would have watched an episode of Frasier--at least he and Niles are funny as well. My advice to Andre is STOP talking. Please for the love of God, stop talking!
This is the kind of movie that you can't wait for the success of the protagonist. The protagonist, looking for the success, has a lot of difficulties, expending money, time, energy, and all is a disaster. All the people in the movie is great. All is so real, so well acted, that the first time you are seeing the movie, you really think all is true. All the actors who want fame and glory, should see this movie. Sometimes this movie works as drama, sometimes as comedy. But in the end, you really think you are working and trying with Nick, giving strong to his determination, and is so terrible the karma, you feel sad. Great, 10 points.
I don't know why Wes Craven, didn't Direct this, but without Freddy's creator, it simply insults the original with its attempts to break the boundary's set out by Wes Craven in the first movie. Freddy now seems to be able to interfere with others through the power of dreams, not the just the person that has the dreams, and it comes across as contrived and tacky. Freddy is still a good character, although more laughable than Scary in this outing, he was humorous in the first movie, but not at the expense of the Horror. Don't let this movie be your guide, The original Nightmare wipes the floor with this second rate follow up. 4/10
It's not that well known when great french films are discussed but this is a wonderful film, cunningly written and directed so that our expectations are constantly being changed. It works then as an entertainment but it has one of the greatest endings of any film. There's no way of describing it that won't spoil it. There's a time and a place for SPOILERS but there's nothing to be gained by putting them here. The end conveys love as well as anything I've ever seen. Not the joys of a quick affair but the sense that two people have been in a relationship which has matured over many years. Very special and well acted by the three leads.
A funny movie! This movie is about five guys (Nathan,Ash,Johnny,Z Bob and Eli) who go in Las Vegas for a Bachelor Party. But when they get there, they will see the things are not like they wish! They will see is only a staging! And a bachelor party is about friendship! In the end, Mr. Kid tell they the peoples come there for a bachelor party believe a bachelor party weekend is mean to broke all limit of decency and violation of the morale values, actually is about friendship! A nice and funny movie,a trip whit many problems,five guys,five million dollars,many games,many girls,bandits,is only a staging! Is a movie you will surely enjoy, i hope you like it!
As a longtime fan of Nero Wolfe novels, Maury Chaykin, and Timothy Hutton, I had high expectations of this movie. I was not disappointed. I watched it for the first time with some friends that knew nothing of Nero Wolfe and we all enjoyed it. The casting was superb and the sets and props seemed to be authentic for the period. My one complaint is that Saul Rubinek does not make a good Saul Panzer. Granted, he had a well-described character to live up to - one whose abilities the author describes in an awe-striking way. But he is not at all what I had pictured in my mind. A very minor criticism of a very excellent movie.
This movie shows the life of Harry Voss, from being a child with a romantic vision of the world to becoming a frustrated alcoholic. Only the third part is based on the short story "The copulating mermaid of Venice, California" by Charles Bukowski. But its development is so intense that it required two other chapters in order to make it even more meaningful. It mixes nice and entertaining images with black, depressing scenes and the end might not be everybody's taste. As one of the songs of the movie puts it, love hurts but it can also kill. Although the film can be funny at times it is mainly sad and it will not leave any spectator indifferent.
This is such a beautiful movie. I could go on and on about how good it is but I don;t want to bore anyone. "Splash" is the story of a love between a new york Bachelor and a mermaid he meets in Cape Cod. She saves him from drowning and eventually meets up with him in the big apple. He doesn't know she is a mermaid so basically the rest of the movie is about her trying to conceal the fact that she is not human,while they are in the meantime falling in love. Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, Eugene Levy and John Candy give fantastic performances and the New York images are just breathtaking:) Katrina
This is one of those beautiful movies that never get the respect they deserve. Friends weren't exited about the movie some time ago, so I went to see it myself because I finally got to read some Asimov books. It was the first movie in years to actually get my eyes cloudy and all the other things a grown man "shouldn't feel". The movie is heartwarming because of all the beautiful scenes, the great detail in the progress of a robot trying to become a human being and the leaps in the timeline. Everything looks so good, the detail in Andrew, the futuristic backgrounds. Accompanied by the music of James Horner, this movie will be one to remember!
I just saw this movie for the first time on cable and absolutely loved it! I don't understand how it could have bombed at the box office. This movie looks in-depth at human relationships and the impact of our decisions on others. Robin Williams as usual does an incredible job of portraying the robot who acts human and wishes to look the part. Hallie Kate Eisenberg is just as adorable as always and does a wonderful job in her first movie part. I encourage anyone who has yet to see this movie to rent it or catch it on TV. It really captures the emotions of the characters and leaves you feeling all warm and fuzzy. Happy watching!
I am viewing: Forbidden Love, now on LOGO- NYC, still NO captions!!! in 2006!!! sorry- but this is my story: When I first saw this ground-breaking film- truly outstanding among the early documentaries- (possibly the first depiction) of: lesbian (hidden) history & culture, I enjoyed it immensely, but I had difficulty understanding any speech in the film, because I am deaf- I rely on captions! It's hard to believe that an up-dated newer (closed caption) version is not now being shown on LOGO! At the same time, as I write, I am amazed how well "Forbidden Love" remains one of the best- if not the best- documentary on: Forbidden Love: The Unashamed Stories of Lesbian Lives.
Dabney Coleman plays a cop getting into his "short time" just before retirement. Knowing what we do about police movies, we understand why he's careful and plays it safe. During a routine blood test, he finds out he has a terminal disease and his insurance will only pay out to his estranged wife and son if he dies in the line of duty. From that setup, we get a marvelous performance by Coleman. Matt Frewer as his new partner is wonderful as well. Everyone gives a solid performance here, even Coleman's unmarked cruiser in a amazing chase sequence. If you happen to see this one coming up on TV, give it a try. I think you'll like it.
This movie was extremely entertaining. I am not a big fan of sequels, especially animated ones, but this one is really well done. Disney didn't try to use all the same old jokes and funny lines from the first movie. Patrick Stewart is great as the voice of the Great Prince. I like that the story is not of Bambi's son but goes back to right after Bambi's mom dies and follows his transition at that time. My kids just love it, have already seen it three times! Flower the Skunk is our favorite with his squeaky smell release! The animation and music are beautiful too. I highly recommend this one for young and old alike!
It was as sequels usually are... Bambi was a such a huge movie when I was a kid. I must have cried 5 liters... And it left me with such an impact that I still remember the feeling that I had.... I had my mum but was without a father so I could relate... And now I am a step-mom for two children who have lost their mom, so I can now relate in otherwise as well..... Original is Original, this is a nice movie but no masterpiece and should have been left without the name Bambi II as it is so far from the Original, especially since the Original showed Bambi as an adult already.....
I really think it's funny when someone writes "I serious it Retarded of a cartoon." Wha? This person cannot even write a simple sentence, yet they feel they can bash a show that is obviously superior to their own banal excuse for intellect - and I don't even know what that means. Apparently they are not "Responsible" or "Dependable" or "Reliable" or "Not an Idiot". And what about CN being 90% cartoons? Umm. CN = Cartoon Network. Hmmm. Maybe I have misjudged this person and really they are a comedic genius that deserves to be revered as sublime. The Monkey Show Rules whether or not you are smart enough to know it.
I first seen this film in the early 80's and i loved it, its a real tearjerker and any chick flick fans out there will surely enjoy this film, i never get bored watching this film, but get the box of tissue's at the ready :) Rex plays the part of a 17 year old guitar instructor named Michael and a 13 year old girl named Jessie falls for him, she manages to get his attention and they fall in love, he thinks she's 16 years old as thats what she told him, but you'll have to watch the movie for yourself to see what happens when Michael finds out Jessie's real age, a highly recommended film.
The idea for this movie was inspired. As a Democrat, I am a engaged in global humanitarian issues. While I can relate to the movie's premise, the implementation fell WELL short of anything close to being a good movie. The plot included every lame cinematic device to hook the emotions of the audience. In doing so, it was pandering and insulting. It tried at points to be a Dr. Zhivago epic, but only showed to expose the failure of the director and the actors to achieve anything close to an epic story. My heart is with the intent of the movie, but it falls so incredibly short that the result is merely a B-movie propaganda piece.
My husband and I just watched the Family Cruise and found it utterly inspiring. The world could use more programming such as this, and hopefully one day soon people will find a way to accept, if not embrace, our precious diversity and accept the part of themselves that prevents acceptance of others. This program shows in a very unaffected way what all families seek. These particular families are a great example to follow, and we enjoyed sharing in the honesty and courage displayed by the members of the cruise. Please do show more programming that focuses on the more positive aspects of life on this ever shrinking planet. Thanks, Rosie, way to go! Aggie Lukaszewski
I barely feel qualified to write a comment on this forgotten Disney live-action film from the mid-1980s, since I've only seen it once, and that was back when it first came out. But I do remember liking it, and it's probably worth a re-watch for those who saw it back in the day, and a first watch for those who've never seen it. It's notable for featuring a very young John Cusack, before anyone knew who he was. It seems to me that Disney had a pretty good track record of live action films during that decade ("Never Cry Wolf" is another forgotten one) but that few of them have had any staying power. Grade: B+
The best thing about a David Lynch films are the elements of abstractly. The Alphabet was the epitome of a great artful film, but it still manages to leave you thinking about it. Sadly to say, David didn't make many outlandish films like this, rather he used elements like this as an additive. If you enjoyed this short, you would love Eraserhead. If you want to see an extraordinarily disturbing film, this would be one of my first suggestions. In the day of absurdly moronic slashers, and movies with the generic schizophrenic protagonist, I will always keep close to magnificent films like these. If you liked this, Eraserhead would be my suggestion for your next watch.
Aquaman is obviously not the most recognised or popular superhero around and yet this show managed to give him a fairly cool edge. fans of smallville will love this, as i did, i would even go as far as to say that the pilot is a better show than the pilot for smallville (obviously the creative team have gotten better since the beginning of smallville) anyway, with smallville apparently coming to an end in a season or two i think it would be crazy for some network to leave Aquaman dead in the water (sorry) solid acting from all concerned and very cool FX all contribute to this pilot being an obvious hit, watch it anyway you can.
I CAPTURE THE CASTLE, despite its protagonist being a young 17-year old girl, offers a universal theme: love is beautiful and great, and it can also hurt. Everyone who has ever been a teen knows what the lead is going through -- unable to distinguish between love and lust, or even how the opposite sex feels about you. It's a magical time in a person's life, but it's also extremely frightening and confusing. So wander through the mine fields of love with care, but also know that the hurt can't possibly last, and will soon enough be replaced by another love. 7 out of 10 (go to www.nixflix.com for a more detailed review of the movie)
I love Denys Arcand he made some very good movies.Love and Human Remains,The Decline of the America Empire and more but this is BAD.This is not a movie but a documentary and a bad one at that.There is no storie for over a 100 min. you follow a beautiful girl with big breasts and a nice smile going through some stupid situations.If you want to see what the life a supermodel really is rent GIA.Gia is a little dramatic but a least is true.I cannot beleive that a Canadian director made this trash.Too much hype around a movie that did not deserve this kind of attention.Stay away from this trash.If you want to be bore then rent it.
A very weak and way below any kind of budget. Drive-in movie fare. While drive-in moviegoers are hugging, smooching and backseat bouncing, a lunatic is randomly picking victims to slash, dismember and kill. The drive-in is built on the former grounds of a circus and is being managed by former circus knife handler(Newton Naushaus)and his grounds keeper is the former sword swollower (Douglas Gudbye). Two dim-witted detectives(Jake Barnes and Adam Lawrence)are assigned to investigate and realize the weapon of choice seems to be an antique sword. Hard to find anything redeemable. Nothing frightening or scary. Some of the situations end up being comical. Also listed as players: Verkina Flowers, Marty Gatsby, Patrica James and Norman Sherlock.
'Crumb' is a fascinating, unsettling, but equally hilarious look at Robert Crumb. Even people who have no artistic talent or interest in the arts would be impressed with this movie. Watching how this man endured a brutal childhood and how he tried to escape it all. His candid remarks are a riot. The interview with Dian Hanson was hilarious, [does anybody have a copy of that issue]. The segments with his brothers were funny but sad at the same time. There were only two items I wish they would have included, I would have liked to seen him talk about his tax problems, and second, I wish he would have played a number with band he is in.
First off, I recorded this because the title and info given on the cable guide made this movie sound interesting--if not for a few laughs. I've never heard of this movie so I put it on in the background as I did some stationary chores. 20 minutes later, I deleted the stupid thing. This movie is horrible. The main character seemed like a washed out, more annoying Chris Tucker. At least Chris Tucker has some character. I'm Chinese, and I find some jokes about Chinese culture funny. The jokes in this movie were so bad it was offensive. I don't hate much in life, but I hate this movie and am somewhat shamed that I had recorded it.
I like heist flicks, and this is the best I've seen so far. It's got great suspense as the crew of thieves (led by the incomparable Sean Connery) makes intricate plans and patiently prepares for the big day, changing and adapting the plan as needed to cope with unexpected obstacles. There is little in the way of sub-plots; virtually all of the action and plot is part of The Plan. The Victorian setting is great; you start to wonder where Jeremy Brett (as Sherlock Holmes) is, and when he's going to catch these crooks. I'm a little puzzled by the category of "action/comedy." I'd say this was firmly in the "crime" category, and no other. 9/10
WOW! Watching Blackenstein the Black Frankenstein (what a title!) is a one of a kind experience. It's a unique spectacle that must be seen to be fully appreciated. I can truly say that I've never seen a film quite like it. Is it as bad as everybody says it is? Oh yeah! Absolutely! It's horribly edited and extremely incoherent. It's INSANE and that's the beauty of it! The abundant and endless flaws are all a part of this flick's crazy charm. I loved it! Watch this one with your Z Grade movie loving friends and plenty of cold beverages. It's perfect for that kind of viewing. Invite your friends, serve some drinks, laugh your butt off, and enjoy!
Perhaps one of the Scorsese minor masterpieces that sometimes get lost when considering "Goodfellas" or even "Mean Streets," films that get the bulk of the chatter. This, along with "King of Comedy" run in a very different vein, combining black comedy with tension and suspense as a central spine to the piece. Sure, Goodfellas has some black comedic moments, but on whole, it stands as a "drama" rather than a comedy. This is a VERY different film and will cause you to laugh and to shake your head in sympathy and mutter "Oh NO" more than once. I rated it a 9, I have no idea why this got lower marks than that. See it more than once.
I don't know why they do this direct-to-video sequels. Like recent "Wishmaster 2", this sequel to the very enjoyable "Candyman" and "Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh" only intends to offend the fans. It reashes the ideas from the originals, and its plot setups. It has twists like the leading woman discovering she is the great grand daughter of the Candyman. Well, I'm the great great great grand son of those guys from "The 13th Warrior", so let's make a sequels. Bad visual and gore effects, worst direction and lousy acting, specially from Tony Todd. The dramatic ending is pathetic, ridiculous. This "thing" humiliates its original. It's the kind of sequel no movie should haver had to have.
I'll admit, I wasn't expecting too much when this appeared on CBC earlier tonight, but I was pleasantly surprised. Rupert Everett, while no Jeremy Brett, is a very good Sherlock. The rest of the cast doesn't draw too much attention, but they are very passable. "Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking" could have benefited slightly from being shortened to 1 and 1/2 hour instead of the apx. 1 hour 40 minutes. It would have tightened up the loose ends, and helped quite a bit. The BBC is best at the Holmes stories, and I would love to see another production starring Rupert Everett, who is certainly the best since Jeremy Brett.
This episode was simply exhilarating. It has been a long time since we last had some insight into John Locke's character. We finally learn how he ended up in that wheelchair and we figure out that he and Ben have many connections and similar feelings about the island. In addition, the ending is amazing and it foreshadows more interesting things to come. Also, in this episode, we witness Locke in a mood which we have never seen before. He is frustrated and has a goal to reach. He also feels very frustrated that Ben can guess his thoughts. This improves this episode's plot. I highly recommend any one who has not yet watched this episode to watch it.
Good movie about gracious southern life mixed with a lot of behavior that is anything but gracious. The movie couldn't seem to decide between being a drama and a comedy, but is nevertheless more than worth watching because of the character played by Kyra Sedgwick. She has at least 2 or 3 of the greatest lines ever uttered in the movies that will make you absolutely fall out with laughter (unless they offend your delicate sensibilities too much). I loved this movie. It shouldn't be taken as seriously as some seem to want to take it. The title indicates to me that they were really aiming at comedy here, and it some places, they really, really hit it.
I bought this movie after enjoying the first two, and knowing that the movies would have nothing in common. While watching the film, I took note of a few things, these were: The acting was very poor and would have been better if performed by monkeys, the lighting was so dark that you could barely see anything correctly, the audio track was so quite that you could barely understand the actors, and it lost all meaning of the story rather quickly. The only good part of the movie, was the end. I was sorely disappointed and only keep in around as a place filler in my DVD rack. Seriously, Barney the Purple Dinosaur strikes as better entertainment.
The Corner is an EXCELLENT drama series directed by Charles(Roc) Dutton on HBO. If you don't know what its like in the hood...please check this mutha out!!! The series takes place in Baltimore(based on a true story), and it is about the everyday happenings in a particular neighborhood and its down and out residents. The Corner takes you into the hellish lives of dope fiends and what they must do to stay high. Of course, this story has been shown before but, the talent of the actors make you feel as though you are watching a true life documentary such as, Investigative Reports(Bill Kurtis). A+ acting from the entire cast makes this show a must see! 10/10 stars!!!!
Great comedy. Without being cliché like "scary movie" which the motto is to lampoon other movies features all the time!!! Also what I found interesting is the comic way the movie speaks about love.There was also a David (Jerry O'Connell)'s quote that called my attention which is something like this: "The worst thing is not to live a life time alone expecting the write woman to marry, but marry the wrong woman and spend the rest of your life with her" Almost every woman in this movie is gorgeous, so if one of them feel curious to know me just contact me by my e-mail. Eventually it is an a good and funny romantic comedy to enjoy.
Best documentary I have seen on a gay-related issue since "The Times of Harvey Milk". Very good quality film and sound. Story flows well...keeps you drawn in. The information is presented in a pragmatic way making it easier to understand the politics behind the story, but then the filmmaker delves into individual stories making the topic very personal. His selection of people in the film representing couples and individuals whose lives are effected by this issue is optimal. As a viewer you really feel for them, and they make their story understood even by those who are not directly affected by the gay marriage issue. Very grateful someone took on this historic topic in such a superb way!
Golgo 13 is one of the most interesting anime movies, if you can get past the first half hour. That part of the movie is just to set up that Golgo is the ultimate assassine but the film makers already did that with the first look at Golgo. But once it gets rolling, get ready. It goes full throttle and never lets up. This movie contains one of the coolest shots ever, tracking a bullet Golgo fires through a building. The animation is a mix of hand drawn, comic book frames, and computer animation making it one of the most interesting movies to look at. This is a must see anime, along with Akira and Ninja Scroll. 10/10
Five lads from Manchester, England have inherited a greyhound who proves to have prowess on the dog-track; to raise the money for the racing entrance fee, they decide to form a music group. Inoffensive piffle, brightly-made against '60s London backdrops (with curious but not entirely misplaced fashion lay-out interludes and musical montages). Herman's Hermits are not an exciting nor formidable pop band--buttoned-down and squeaky-clean, they barely have personalities--but their acting is better here than in 1966's "Hold On!" and the hit "There's a Kind of Hush (All Over the World)" is prettily performed. The older folks in the cast, including Stanley Holloway, are given room to shine, and the script has some heart and appeal. ** from ****
While I found it ultimately disappointing, it was a nice attempt at being different. The movie had nice costumes,make up and some humor. But it was too uneven. I'm not sure the film makers truly decided what type of movie this was going to be. I disliked the music that was used for background music and I really disliked the live music scenes. The background music was largely responsible for giving the mixed messages about what type of "feel" a scene was supposed to have. i just didn't feel like the scenes that were shot, and what was put together in editing and post-production matched. But for B-movie, Video Nasty people I think its worth one watch.
Abandon Ship is my #1 choice of any movie to divide any group of people into argument; a story of true history and unprecedented command decision by a captain, in this case the captain of a lifeboat loaded up with far too many people and isolated 2000 miles from land. The decisions made by the captain were harsh but not cruel, always with the intended purpose of effectively saving lives, but going against commonly accepted morality. It's almost impossible to write a longer review of this picture. Many films claim to be mesmerizing; few are. This one fits the description. No matter what your viewpoint, it'll engross you to the core. Seek this one out ASAP.
An entertaining 'sleeper'. Unaffected child actors, talented cast, and a good story add up to a diverting and under-recognized film. There was not one lame performance - each added a dimension without cluttering up the scene. Give it a little while to get going - it does spend some time to lay the ground work, but I don't really see a way to short cut it without losing the genuine and unassuming quality the director manages to preserve throughout the events that unfold. No sentimental drivel to wilt audience interest either. It has subtitles for those who do not speak what I believe was Swiss German, but they were not annoying. I'm looking forward to watching it again.
I don't know how people with no sense of humour can try and write reviews of a comedy show. Anyone who doesn't recognize the humour and the talent of the COmedy Inc crew is simply brain-dead. Did you see the one where they do Osama Bin Laden? Brilliant! Keep up the good work guys, and don't pay any attention to the morons with no funny bone, and IQ's too low to understand satire. The Comedy Network has lucked out, and putting Comedy Inc. right before The Daily Show is good news too, and will surely increase increase the audience. If you miss Kids in the Hall and Codco, tune in to COmedy Inc.
After his artsy fantasy "The Thief of Baghdad" freaked everyone out, Doug got back to basics with this sequel to his first swashbuckler, "The Mark of Zorro" -- and concocted a meticulously designed, take-no-chances star vehicle. The sets, cast, and screenplay are all impressive but, as always, it's the Fairbanks persona -- an odd combination of pragmatist and dreamer, magician and acrobat, lover and fighter, rogue and moralist -- and his endless bag of tricks, gags, and stunts that sets the film apart from, not only 1920s action spectacles, but those of his successors: Jackie Chan, James Bond, and Indiana Jones. Of his later pictures, perhaps only "The Gaucho" tops this one for sheer excellence in filmmaking.
Wish this great film had made it to the Big Screen! Absolutely the best film ever made on Teddy Rosevelt. Great for the whole family in my opinion! It not only documents his life... it also presents his great ideals and character as very 'Presidential' and to be desired. The same cannot be said of all our Presidents. The depiction of the battle for San Quan Hill was one of the best war documentaries I've ever seen. An all-star cast helps make this a classic movie. I will get this movie for my collection for sure. I will recommend it to all our family and friends. -BGLewis of Spring Hill, FL
Very well made, intense, but probably not for the average American stupid pang bang movie lover. I would love to see this movie again, and not just for Monica. The story is original, and portrays very well the real complicated side of doing illegal business, which again is not always James bond 007. All characters are in a state of depression, which thinking about it, appears quite natural. As so often with french movies you need to live yourself into the characters, and not just watch. Of course it has some minor defects, such as a car crash, which no human would ever survive, but these are only details. Probably this movie will have a later US remake.
Of course there's a lot of slapstick, juvenile jokes, and near pushing the envelope humor, but more than occasional real zinger routines made me actually laugh out loud, (a real rarity). In all the decades,(too many to tell) I've watched movies, I'd never seen a stunt as good as the one in the elevator shaft. Trick 1943 photography or fantastic stunt doubles, whatever, that was real nail biting entertainment. Rags Ragland had great lines. This must have been his best role. Great to see Ebbetts Field again, especially Abe Stark's sign in right field (Hit sign, win suit). I'm a reanimated Red Skelton fan! Henceforth, I'm going to be on the lookout for any old Skelton movie.
I FELT this movie. I understood it on a cellular level. I'm Afrian American, I'm over 50, and I didn't grow up in a neighborhood like these kids. I had ballet lessons, was a Brownie and a Girl Scout, yada, yada, yada. But I FELT this movie. I understood how and why they danced the way they did. I would have liked to know how the Asian clowns/krumpers got started and if they compete in the dance-offs. The same for the white genexer who felt he belonged with the clowns/krumpers. My hope is that some of these kids will find their way into society. Not every producer/director can feel proud of his or her work. This one can.
Tapas is a film, funny, sad, tender... There are different stories in a neighborhood of a big town. The story of the barman, the most pathetic and funny character, and his relationship with Mao, intelligent, patient, and almost perfect. The story of Cesar and Raquel, a young man and a middle age women, and at the same time her relationship by internet with another man. The story of Mariano and Conchi, the most sad situation. The story of Opo,the friend of Cesar, with tree basic things in his head, sex, drugs, and Bruce Lee. Good people doing bad things. The loneliness, the fear to the illness, the hope, the egoism, the meanness. Good dialogs and very good actors.
Anyone who liked this movie was trying way too hard. This movie isn't science fiction it is impossible. The product placement was terrible and sad, which went right along with the story line. I do not know what Steven's problem is about ending movies like A.I. for instance but this movie ran on like a marathon. I could not belive the part where they said these precogs were just crack babies in the future, that could see the future. Please if you want to spend 10 bucks that bad throw it out the window or maybe rent "Magnolia", Vanilla Sky" and A.I. After seeing those three you may never be in the mood to see another movie again.
I just saw this today, also thanks to TCM. It was well-paced and very believable and kept my interest throughout. Stanwyck, Merrill and Sanders were all superb, as were the minor roles well-played. Barbara is one of my very favorite actresses, always bringing professionalism and passion to the roles she played. You just imagined her with a backbone of steel, a perfect feminist heroine, most especially in her later roles. There is not a wasted moment in this film, and I particularly liked the first scene with the windy backdrop, adding an air of foreboding to what was unfolding. NO ONE plays a villain better than George Sanders, and he gives his usual splendid portrayal in this film.
I love Ealing comedies. I love Alec Guinness. So I looked forward to seeing this when it was shown on TCM a few days ago. What a disappointment. The jokes are lame, the plot is stupid. A stupid plot does not automatically make a film a failure of course (is there a plot-line sillier than Passport to Pimlico?) but this plot is un-funny stupid. And what I especially resented was the sight of stalwart actor/comedians like Lionel Jeffreys and Maurice Denham trying to do their best with this witless material. If you've an ambition to watch every Ealing Comedy ever made, then look it up. There is no other reason to waste your time with it.
This was Jim Carrey's first official role and launched his brilliant career. He stars as Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. "He's the best there is. Actually, he's the only one there is." The mascot of the Miami Dolphins "Snowflake the Dolphin" has been kidnapped. It is Ace's job to find this dolphin. He has help from Courney Cox (Arquette) and Sean Young who has a funny but sick story towards the end. There is also an appearance by legendary Miami Dolphin player Dan Marino (as himself). A hilarious film with wonderful slapstick and cuddly animals thrown in. The best part for me is seeing Ace being thrown about by a shark! Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls followed. Very good!
Initially,the idea of Adam Sandler and Jack Nicholson appearing together in a film called Anger Management looks good on paper.Unfortunately,what makes this a bad film is that the idea wasn't carried out very well.The story goes along smoothly enough,but what ultimately kills it is a it's totally ridiculous and disappointing ending.The whole idea that all of Dave's situations were staged as part of his therapy brought a very promising idea crashing to the ground with a thud.Perhaps Adam and Jack will make another film together one day,the story idea will be a good one,and this time the idea will be carried out a little better.Sandler has hits and he has misses.For me,this one goes down as a miss.
I have so many friends who love this movie. I've heard numerous people claim it as one of their favorites. Am I crazy? Am I missing something?... No, I am not crazy. The Boondock Saints is not a movie. Its like a boy band. If it looks like a movie and it sounds like a movie then it must be a movie right? But its not. Its wrong. Its not even an "unwatchably bad" movie like PCU or Mystery Men or Dogma. Its noise. Just noise. It's a nothing. An empty void. To "enjoy" the experience of watching the Boondock Saints is Madness. Astronomically irrelevant like a monkey humping a football unfathomable Madness... and he's making another one.
This is a piece of crap. The only people that would like it are children with no film knowledge. The acting is so bad it's laughable... I mean, Ron Jeremy is in it... enough said. Don't waste your time... if you want to save yourself time just smear poop on your TV screen... it's much quicker. The directing isn't that terrible, but the writing and acting are like a student film. actually they are worse than a student film... when i was in film school people actually knew what they were doing. what the hell was Willem Defoe thinking? well... at least he was smart enough not to appear in the sequel. This movie sucks.
This is definitely one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Bad dialogue, overacting by the leads and a ridiculous story make for a cable TV movie. It wouldn't have made any money theatrically. The ending seemed forced and contrite. The movie doesn't explain why Freddy is afraid of heights or why he lied to Carmen when they first met. This movie has many negative stereotypes, not only of African-Americans but of music industry people, especially the Hip-Hop music world. Greed isn't foremost in every music mogul's mind. I don't understand the title change. The original title of "Never 2 Big" made more sense. Freddy's little catchphrase was only used a couple of times in the movie.
Michael Moore is a genius. This movie's amazing. Unfortunately USA have had problems with Bush administration these 8 years, and I really like Americans like Michael, smart. He really woke up and he is trying to wake up all the Americans. Also, I don't know how this grade could be so bad, maybe because there's a lot of republicans here. Michael knows how to put together in a movie information and comedy. The part that he's praying with republicans, and your answers ("and I think that someone has stolen their sense of humor" - about the Republicans who tried to take him to the tribunals) to them are really amazing. Hope that Michael make more movies like it.
Do not be fooled by all of the naysayers out there.....this is one hell of a movie....especially if you are a fan of Michael Hutchence(inxs). I own this movie on VHS and have been waiting a long time for a much deserved DVD release..the acting is superb and you really feel as though you are spending time with old friends every time you watch this masterpiece. Definitely one of the best Australian movies ever made. This movie has it all, sex, drugs, rock n' roll, and laughs upon laughs upon laughs. I cannot emphasize enough that everyone who loves comedy/drama involving young hip 20 something outcasts should run out and rent/buy this film.Trust me. 10/10 *****
A correspondent suggested that PURSUED might be the first western "film noir". Intrigued, I pulled it off my shelves and ran the tape through the VCR. It surely is a "film noir" right enough, first or not. Crime from out of the past haunts the present and messes up a lot of lives. Does that sound like a Ross MacDonald plot? The mystery of what sparks Jagger's unrelenting hatred of Bob continues to the last, and enhanced with fine acting and Wong Howe's inspired photo work, makes for a fine film. The ending is not the most satisfying for my taste, seeming to negate what has gone before, but logic is not of the essence here. Emotion is.
Chow Yun Fat, toothpick in mouth, a gun in each hand. That's all of the plot you need to know. Hard Boiled was my first John Woo movie and, in my opinion, his best. No other action movie comes close to this. In fact, this is THE best pure action epic ever filmed. Upon viewing it, I immediately fell in love with Woo's style and his star. It's full of the most stylized gunfights ever seen and Chow Yun Fat is the definition of cool. The full blown finale defies description. Someone once called it an action fan's wet dream. There's not much more I can say because actions speak louder than words. So go see the movie.
Hard Boiled is not just a movie. It is an experience. This 1992 Hong Kong action movie just might be the best action movie of the 90s. The story is typical action movie fare. It is about a tough as nails cop and his partner taking down a group of mobsters. But what makes this movie are the action sequences. The action sequences in Hard Boiled are perhaps the most intense action scenes you will find in any movie. The highlight of the movie would have to be the teahouse shooting at the start of the film. Every action movie fan, even a casual one, should own this movie. It is a masterpiece of action.
I own all eight of them. I've played at least part of every Final Fantasy game of the series. And you know what? I still have a special place in my heart for that very first Final Fantasy game to ever hit the world of Nintendo (once THE hottest game system around). It was the game that I never owned as a kid, but always wanted to play. I played it sometimes when I visited friends that owned it. Now I have it and all seven of the others. Not to brag. But it is an excellent series. And I sound like I'm 13. But that's ok. Because Final Fantasy is simply cool.
Enzo G. Castellari, once again delivers quite a piece of cinema. The story is rather dull and uninspired (except by JAWS of course), but Castellari remedies that with very energetic direction, an excellent musical score by Guido and Maurizio De Angelis, and a lot of his mouth-watering wide angle use of slow motion. Lots of cult film actors (Including Vic Morrow, James Franciscus, and Giancarlo Prete) and a lot of goofy effects and stock footage, make this film completely silly and enjoyable rather than disturbing or shocking as most horror films set out to be. That's probably the opposite of what ZOMBIE producer Ugo Tucci wanted, but this film is quite fun to watch and worth repeat viewings.
I noticed that several people have given this film a 10/10 (!!?) rating...they could ONLY be the people who stand to make any money trying to rig this vote... Anybody who who pays to view this flick is gonna feel very ripped off. This is one of the worst i've ever tried to sit through. Thora Birch (in a small, ridiculous bit part) is the only actor with any talent in it -but i would have forced the producers to remove my name if i'd had anything to do with this film. I'm still tring to figure out why anybody made this and what the point was. Features the most pathetic attempt at slick film-making i've ever seen.
I was lucky enough to be able to see part of "Athlete" being made at my college in Stockton, California in 1972.I also got to meet Jan-Michael Vincent, John Amos and Tim Conway.I also had a confrontation with the tiger. Those memories will be something I won't forget. To top it off, John Amos and Tim Conway also made a surprise visit to my parents, cousin, and Aunt's restaurant also located in Stockton, California. It was called "Al Funzo's.It was a great evening for me, and my family, and the Restaurant patrons that came in that night.As for the movie, The World's Greatest Athlete" was and still is excellent, and ranks high in my list of favorite movies.
The beginning of the film looked promising and the cinematography was very well done but it all got a bit complicated and meaningless. Sorry, lost interest and couldn't watch the end.. I didn't quite get the message as it was so mixed in with nothingness. Unfortunately the plot was lost on me. I only watched the movie after reading someone else's comments which were really good so I guess were all different and the film may appeal to some viewers but certainly did nothing for me. Perhaps if I had suffered this to the end there may have been a connection with all three areas but I didn't feel compelled to continue with my viewing.
Splendid storytelling and dialog. Beautiful photography in this over all feel good drama/thriller. This movie describes the mentality, and the way of life in a small town in the middle of Sweden in a superb way. All the way to the thrilling end of the story. Great acting from booth Jonas Karlsson and Helena af Sandeberg. This is a must see movie for everybody who lived in the 50-60th and a should see movie for all the rest. It's not every day you watch a drama-thriller with this type of please tell me more I want more feeling. To sum it up: I must say I love it. And I advise you to see it.
I saw this movie on Star Movies yesterday. I liked this movie a lot. The underlying message of the movie was in spite of all odds things still work in India. Whoever is willing to take the risk of setting shop in such emerging economies like India can be assured of profits if he absorbs and shares the cultural diversities. For eg:The incident where Todd transfers the entire office to the terrace when water gushes in. Also the Holi festival & arse washing incidennts were unique But the girl was slightly too.despo & forward for a Indian small town girl. All the actors did their part well. Can anybody suggest me more movies with this theme ?
A movie about the most commonly used four letter word in the English language that is more interested in bashing right wing nut jobs. The documentary seems to believe that aside from Billy Connolly the only people who use this word are Americans and the word only exists in America. It does have an interesting bit on Lenny Bruce while Carlin is there only in stock footage from one of his shows. F**k soon runs out of steam and starts showing movie clips to fill in time. Ron Jeremy shows up for some reason, as does Miss Manners. A mess of quick edits for a while. You'll get more pleasure out of stubbing your toe than watching this.
Hello: I do like the comment about the movie. It is very interesting to notice that a small mistake took place in it. It is not a general from Germany that was shot by Robert Duval. That is an old cliché that every military in my country was a German nazi. Imagine a nazi general amazingly old... He was a standard general of Argentina that might have done bad things between 1976 and 1983 in the times of the Military Dictatorship in my Argentina. I was born in Buenos Aires and the atmosphere of some neighborhoods of it was really fascinating and real. The performances of all the artists are very deep, natural and attractive. Cheers, Sergio.
I went into this film thinking I would see a "nice" film that "deserved to be seen" (which is too often code for a boring movie). I laughed my ass off, as did the whole audience. This is the most entertaining movie I've seen in months -- time and again the filmmakers found a way to surprise me. A tight story. Terrific performances from the stars all the way down to the tiniest roles. Perfect pacing. Graceful, muscular directing. This is not a "good little movie" -- it's a good movie, period and it's a crime it's not getting wider distribution just because the male lead isn't played by the flavor of the month. A smart, funny film.
a movie with real heart that WILL NOT make you feel icky for liking that characters. Melba and Dottie are better people (and therefore better characters) than most down and outs in movies these days. The movie has a stunning lack of agenda - which is meant as a compliment in that it's emotional payoffs are earned and natural as opposed to being sickly or cynical. Bravo! Why can't they make sequels to little films with epic themes - this plays as a sort of Odyessy trailer park style. Plus, lets give the casting some points for inspiration. I know this movie is coming out on DVD soon, so everybody look out for it - it's a keeper.
I was pleasantly surprised with this funny flick. I was in the mood for a fun family film, and this delivered. If you don't expect an academy award winner, then you should find this movie very entertaining. Eddie Murphy really puts in a highly energized performance and so does Hayden Church. Watching these two duke it out in their financial meetings is pure comic gold. Best part has to be when Murphy goes through his stock pick notes that have been doodled on my his daughter - "this stock is gonna drop its pants because they have a poopy diaper...........". This movie makes me want to go find an imaginary person and become friends with them. Awesome.
Tod Browning is much better known for his "Dracula" (1931) and, to a lesser extent, the cult classic "Freaks" (1932) than for this oddity from the limelight of the Silent Era. From the opening scenes, in which an armless man (Chaney, natch) undresses a young Joan Crawford during a circus act by pitching daggers with his feet, this is a characteristically dark, warped picture from Browning that draws a great deal of power from Chaney doing what he does best: playing a tormented freak secretly endeavoring to gain the heart of a beautiful woman. "The Unknown" isn't perfect, but it most certainly is memorable, distinguishing itself as one of the weirdest films of all time.
The story line would have been good if the actors especially the lead, Emily Shaw, didn't over act so much! What happened to her anyway?? I don't know what happened to the former baywatch girl but she looks terrible in this movie, that unibrow really needs to go! In this movie the main characters totally overacted making it difficult to watch! Don't waste your time with this one! It isn't worth a full "one" vote! Late night cable for a reason, no one wants to see this! This was one of the worst movies I have ever wasted my time watching! What teenager acts this way? Totally unbelievable! But what can you expect for low budget!
Madame Satã (2002) is more or less a biography of a Brazilian criminal, pimp, and abuser of both men and women. I think we are to understand that his actions are driven by his ambition to be a transvestite star in the Rio de Janeiro slums. I don't know if the performances we see are meant to be evidence of talent--I can't judge what a Brazilian audience would enjoy in 1932. I do know that the protagonist's behavior was consistently cruel and explosively violent. Nothing I saw in this film impressed me. It was shown at the Rochester Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. Is this the best film the committee could find about cross-dressing?
Sly looked cool and tough in the trailer and the poster and the cover of the video box. He's a little girlie man in the movie. This is one of the worst "action" movies ever made. The director didn't know how to move it along. It reminded me of a cheap movie called "the swap" which was called something else and had footage of a young Robert DeNiro in it. You know the movie I'm talking about, you saw it at Suncoast for $6.99 and almost bought it because it had a big picture of Robert DeNiro on it. THAT movie is better than this. Really, I'm not kidding. DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE.
I saw this silent Hitchcock after seeing about twenty other Hitchcock, all the famous ones from the forties, fifties and sixties. I expected that without sound, not even Hitchcock could create suspense, but I was wrong. The Black Lodger's star Ivor Novello has a great appearance in this film and sure his scary way of looking adds up to the tension. The moment in which he looks out of a window, and a shadows in the form of a cross is over his face, is masterful. The Black Lodger was Hitchcock's third movie, and his first masterpiece, as I understand. Shortly afterwards he made Downhill, also with Novello, and a good movie too, especially the ending.
Thus movie is based on a true story taken from the book, "I Served On Bataan," written by nurse Juanita Hipps, a WWII nurse. She served in Bataan and Corrigedor during the time when McArthur withdrew to Australia. This unprecedented American withdrawal was a huge temporary defeat for our forces and ultimately led to the surrender of US and Philippine troops to Japan. Those prisoners of that surrender were the ones subjected to the infamous Bataan Death March. The action and pathos of this film feel real because they are based on real human beings faced with critical issues of life, death, hatred, love and courage in the face of fire. So worth your viewing time!
This film was broadcast in it's entirety in 1988. I taped it off TV and still have the VHS copy. Not nearly as good as the 1985 theatrical movie. Remo character is a weak and whiny pretty-boy. Chiun is so-so; not a believable master of Sinanju. Title music is from the 1985 movie, which is the only really good thing about this attempt. Not a bad script, and might have been great with Fred Ward and Joel Grey, but this version "walks like a pregnant yak". Has "made for TV" written all over it. Boring, which is inexcusable for an action film. If you liked the 1985 movie beware of this pale sequel. How about a theatrical remake???
What an insult to all the previous National Lampoon Vacation movies! Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Randy Quaid and the others who helped make the National Lampoon Vacation movie series great over the past 20 years should be apologized to. This movie was absolute horrible! Judge Reinhold I felt was the wrong person to play the character Mitch Snyder. (I'm glad they had sense enough not to call him Clark Griswold as well!). The movie never really produced any genuine all-out laughs. If you're a big fan of the National Lampoon Vacation movies, you're gonna be disappointed with this one. All I will say is it's a good thing it was made-for-tv movie and was free!
Dazzle is an enchanting balance of light-heartedness and innocent humor. Surprisingly, the movie is cleverly woven. Nice touches include Tom as an author of children's books about faeries as well as Shakespeare's fairy play within the play, Midsummer Night's Dream. The gnomes Oddkin and Bodkin impart amusement, keep the comedy cheerful, and provide balance for the mildly menacing antagonist, the Collector. Melissa is disarmingly charming. Tom and Crystal share a believable chemistry. Ms. Martinet adds a touch of complication as both the skeptic science teacher, rival love interest, and, ironically, the school play director. Tom's publisher and son help with unobtrusive story exposition. The movie is warm without being maudlin. Highly recommended.
The movie is absolutely funny, however, to understand the comments and the jokes you have to be raised in Arabic speaking culture and understand the Egyptian background. Each and every character played his or her perfectly. Adel Imam was great as usual. Although their might be some exaggeration in few scenes, I can only see that this might be the case in all comedy movies. One scene is particularly funny, the one of the check point when Adel Imam met Talaat Zakaria. Another scene where Adel Imam showed his real talent was when he fell on the ground in reaction to the heart attack. I enjoyed watching the movie and the same goes for my wife as well.
Daniele Thomson (gerard oury's daughter) is writing and directing a deja vu comedy, very very very slow and boring; you can guess what is going on from the start everything is so obvious! though two french stars(reno binoche) are trying to make their character genuine, their presence don't make a good story, you even wonder what sergi Lopez cameo's appearance is doing in this story?jean reno as a international business man is not very convincing and Juliette binoche plays as in a loreal commercial endorsement, after 20 minutes the intrigue is gone, and everything is just not believable if you like the plot you'd rather watch Philippe Lioret very good "airport" movie "Tombés du ciel" with jean rochefort
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's cheesy bw 50's sci fi. But it's GREAT cheesy bw 50's sci fi! The Mole People would be campy if it weren't so earnest. It takes itself so seriously it even begins with a pseudodocumentary prelude explaining the hollow Earth theory. Part of the fun is seeing future TV faves Hugh Beaumont (Beaver's dad), and Alan Napier (Alfred the butler) teamed with legendary 50's hack actors John Agar and Nestor Paiva. Mystery Science Theater 3000 gave Mole People the full treatment and it was one of the funniest MST3K episodes ever. For the full effect I'd suggest you view the straight version first and then try to find the MST3K episode.
The show is set in a locally owned grocery store. The founder's son has inherited the store after the death of his father. The characters primarily consist of the owner/son and the quirky employees. A very formulaic premise. I don't normally think of TBS for original comedy. Thus, I was not expecting much. Boy, was I surprised. It was very funny. The generally unknown cast is appreciated as it is a nice contrast to the recycled comedy actors on the Big 4 networks. The first episode did a nice job of introducing the characters with humor and even had a little dramatic tension. If subsequent episodes are this smart, I am definitely hooked. 9 out of 10.
An engaging film about a British murder mystery writer who spends a summer at the French country house of her publisher and gets involved in a murder mystery. Sagnier plays the publisher's daughter and her perky attributes are often on display as she lounges about the swimming pool. Rampling gives a good performance as the writer and, despite pushing sixty, she has the guts to go full frontal. Ozon unfolds the story at a very deliberate pace, showing us what a writer goes through in creating a book. The success of movies like this, where there is a slow buildup to something, really hinges on what that something is. In this case, it is interesting if somewhat unsatisfying.
Bollywood crowds were not pleased with this film. For good reason of course. This movie breaks out of the regular tradition of song, dance and predictable drama and creates a movie rarely seen in the Bollywood industry. The direction was amazing. The movie was inspired by many action movies from the past but what makes it different is its setting and culture. Very few Hindi movies have been made with such openness and innovation. If you want a new twist on a classic story watch Karam. It will blends elements of Bollywood and American action. Its an entertaining watch if nothing else. Some scenes are a little graphic but they are not gratuitous. Also, the casting was excellent.
SPEEDWAY, Elvis and Nancy Sinatra tackle the fast pace of the Charlotte Speedway and light up the screen. Nancy looks fantastic with her blonde hair and those incredible eyes that melt you. Elvis is Elvis, what can you say. NOTE: Nancy is the only person to ever have a song included on an Elvis Presley soundtrack. YOUR GROOVY SELF is fun and the attitude lively. Gale Gordon adds to the cast as does Bill Bixby. Fast cars, groovy times and lots of songs. The children in this movie are adorable. True entertainment for Elvis and Nancy fans alike. Grab the pop corn and snuggle up!
Here, Presley is seen in his usual style 1960's vehicle. With song, love interest and usual music. As with most Presley movies of the 60's, this movie lacks a good script, story plot and unbelievable scenes. Presley must have been tired of doing movies where he sang to everyone whether the situation called for it or not. In Speedway, Presley is a race car driver on a winning streak, when he meets up with Nancy Sinatra everything starts getting into the way including his old buddy, Bill Bixby. If your a Presley fan you won't want to miss this but if your looking for a well made movie this isn't the once. I rate, Speedway a 2.
I also saw this film at the first screening at the Seattle International Film Festival. Although I haven't seen the play, I thoroughly enjoyed the film adaptation. The story was intriguing enough with little twists and turns. The chemistry between the three main characters (played by Patricia Clarkson, Peter Sarsgaard and Campbell Scott) was wonderful. These are all fine actors and they definitely showcased their acting abilities in this film. Peter Sarsgaard was presented a special acting award by the SIFF organization before this screening and looking back at some of his previous works, I think this was well-deserved. The story might leave some unanswered questions but that's the beauty of endings that leave you asking some questions.
Dreadful, dreadful mess of a moovie that is as un-scary and un-funny as they come, sort of like Police Academy meets Fright Night. An obvious Dusk 'Til Dawn wannabe, this gopher turd of a moovie manages to waste the slim acting talents of such grade b actors as Dennis Miller and Chris Sarandon, and non-existent talents of Corey Feldman and Angie Everhart. The plot is painfully obvious, the effects are cheap and silly, the dialogue is painful, the direction mechanical, and the list goes on and on. Dennis Miller's character is sooo irritating that I'm tempted to believe that he was really played by Patrick Swayze in make-up. Over-long, boring, and just plain bad. MooCow says bleeaachh!! :=8P
There is no denying that for its day and age this is wonderful. Given that it is nearly a century old it holds up very well. Though slow in places and long at 2 hours and 19 minutes I can imagine the original audiences must have blow away by the special effects, action, and story, costumes and sets etc; If course, the real selling point is Fairbanks who truly lights up the screen. Yes, its hammy even for a silent movie, but what comes across is his boundless energy, his enthusiasm, and the love of what he does. Recommended for all those who love swashbuckling adventures! A treat to go back in time.
How do I get those two hours back?? The writer couldn't get anyone to make it for him, so he made it himself! He should have listened to the experts. The worst is watching the directors commentary and hearing how dead serious the guy is. He truly believes his story and the movie he has made are great. Pathetic!! There is simply not enough to this movie to warrant writing ten lines of text about it, it was the worst movie I have ever seen and if you've got nothing better to do than watch it, I recommend watching grass grow or cutting your toenails! Anything would be better than sitting through this waste of resources
I know, I know, it's basically a boiler-plate piece of Hollywood fluff but I really loved this movie. I am a hopeless romantic and thought this movie captured the essence of falling in love and finding your split-apart...er...soul mate. :) Jeff Daniels is wonderful as the shrink who can't help himself as his world unravels and falls apart thanks to the whacky Demi Moore character. Demi is perfect as the ditzy but charming butcher's wife. I really liked Mary Steenburgen in this story... she looked beautiful and sang like an angel. I liked all of the little characters too. The music at the end is haunting and perfect for the finale which wasn't surprising but who cares!!!
It's like reading a book of short stories from Agatha Christie, Sherlock Holmes, or anyone like them. 6 stories bring to you the unimaginable, the unbelievable, something between fantasy and thriller. We learn about the consequences of bad choices we make in life and they are funny at times, and shocking as well. An earlier comment mentioned that the stories are weird, but that doesn't matter, it makes the movie well worth watching!!! The only minus in it all, is the reason we get for what is happening to our 7 friends who tell us their stories. That is indeed quite weird, but maybe YOU and I didn't even notice.....someone is missing at the end of the movie.......
Numerous American reviewers on this site reveal their limitations in their comments. A lot of what they criticize or complain about in this movie are things that take us deeper into the moment of the story that takes place in a different world than they're familiar with. I was also thrown off a bit, until I realized that this wasn't from the European world of film that I'm used to (France, Spain, Germany, Italy). Larien (playing the main character) is brilliant. What the film does lack is over-played dumbed-down dialogue and over explanation. The settings nicely reinforce the various moods. The girl's coming of age theme is brilliantly played out with subtle and not so subtle devices.
This is quite possibly the crown jewel in the long and illustrious career of an extremely troubled and very funny man. Fields has a field day sending up a style of melodrama popular at the time. At one and the same time, this is atypical of Fields' work generally, but still has his fingerprints all over it as well. Highlights are far too numerous to list, but Fields's rendition of the song, "The Fatal Glass of Beer" (you can't really accurately call it singing), the running gag, "It ain't a fit night out for man or beast" and the ending are hilariously perfect, with a sense of timing of which Chaplin would have been proud. Most joyously recommended
This film is often overlooked but if you can find it, it is well worth your while. Adapted from a stage play it is admittedly slow and talky, but it does challenge the intellect. Guiness and Hawkins are brilliant as a churchman consumed with self doubt and a zealot consumed with the state. Their battle of wits forms the crux of this many layered work. A rather pale love story added to the screen play simply detracts from the films power. This is a film that will challenge you to think. It requires work on the part of the viewer and, as a result, is not everyone's cup of tea. Any fan of great acting shouldn't miss it.
How many movies are going to use "Frightmare" as a title? And why do they all suck? This low-budget horror flick was poorly shot, likely on digital, with bad acting, dialog and plot. I wish there was something nice I could say, but... ****SPOILER**** Anyway, a serial killer shows up in a small town and terrorizes a highschool senior class. One of the students is a journalist who has studied the killer's exploits. Of course, the police don't buy their story, so the students are forced to try and survive on their own--inside a school-sanctioned haunted house. The story is lame, the acting is lame, the story is lame...did I say that? Well, it's true.
I saw this movie with very high hopes and they were met. The acting was excellent and the special effects set a new standard for Hollywood. This, in my mind is the best movie of the year and a best picture nominee for sure. I do not think that it will win the best picture Oscar though because it is only the first movie in a series of seven. Each book though, unlike the LOTR series, is a completely different story with many different characters. Overall, this movie is a must see and the next six will likely be the same. C.S. Lewis is an amazing story teller in the people behind this production are amazing film producers.
The only thing that keeps me from giving this show a ten is the fact that some of the contestants on the show are already actors. I think the chosen contestants should have been pure comic book geeks who really wanted to be a superhero and featured in a comic book, not just actors looking for a gig. I do love the show though, and it's great entertainment! The challenges are appropriate to the show's format, and I think it's cute how the "contestants" rarely break character. It also gives that superhero "feel" that Stan Lee never appears in person, just on a television screen. I also like the interesting plot twists and surprises I've seen so far!
Disney added on to the Disney Afternoon lineup with "Darkwing Duck" in 1991. It is about a duck who is an action hero, fighting danger, saving the world!!!!! His headquarters is on top of a bridge, if I remember correctly. Although I have seen the show as a little kid, I can't remember everything about it exactly. Yes, this is another one of those "GOOD" things to come from Disney! That I agree. I'm sure kids everywhere loved this too!!!!! So, for a great cartoon that is never dull and full of thrills, look no further than "Darkwing Duck!" It'll have you saying "Great!" 10 stars! Oh, and one more thing: Good Job Disney!!!!!
this is not a movie. it's nothing, absolutely nothing. don't waste money on this garbage, don't waste your time, keep away your children. this "movie" is one big mistake. i've seen the worst "actors" in the world, a so called "director", a so called writer. i've seen everything that has nothing to do with the idea of film. and do you know what's the worst thing about this "movie"? in 2003 it was the most popular film in Romania. it was first place in box office by the tickets sold in cinemas across country. for the people all over the world: don't put all the Romanians together. some of us are more intelligent than "garcea si oltenii" fans.
I thought it sounded interesting when I first read about it. Then I saw it. It's like Lovecraft funny. Like "human language is inadequate to describe the horror blah blah" funny. It's like every action/adventure show EVER packed into a half hour, but the most obvious comparisons would have to be "X-files" and "Knight Rider." (Heat Vision is KITT) The only thing I didn't like was Owen Wilson's flat reading of Heat Vision's lines. And even that wasn't bad the whole time. So why didn't it make it on TV? It's a half-hour live-action comedy without a laugh track. How many of those have EVER made it? (Apparantly people need to be told when it's funny.)
I am very glad that I have seen this great movie. I was touched by this film. It is fun and exciting. Maybe I am a woman, I feel like crying with the characters, sharing pain and happiness with them. It is the feeling I have never had while watching a movie. I also enjoy the music too. If you are a woman, go and watch it. If you have daughters, watch it with them. I want to thank all actresses, actors, director and other people who were involved in it. I am very grateful that they brought us a deep insight into these woman hero's' battle for the freedom. We owe so much to them.
I saw INLAND EMPIRE at the Venice Film Festival and I think it's incredible... surely the most strange Lynch's film. A terrible nightmare of about 3 hours! I love Lynch's films and I think that INLAND EMPIRE resumes his whole filmography! And I want to underline also the interpretation of Laura Dern. She's absolutely fantastic! You can't pretend to understand completely the story (it's more confused than Lost Highway and Mulholland Drive...) but you'll be captured by the sounds, the lights, the changes of rhythm... David has written the screenplay day by day and also the actors couldn't understand what they were doing... I think you should see this wonderful film of one of the best contemporary director.
what shall i say what hasn't been said so far. "absolute Giganten" is one of my all-time favorite flicks. This movie has everything, it deals with great friendship, melancholy, a lot of fun, tragic and love. The imagery is beautiful, the spare dialogues rock. Its set in Hamburg, and i can't imagine any other place that would have worked out that well with the plot and the feeling. Great actors as well, "DULLE, DULLE, DULLE" ;) I envy all the people who haven't seen it so far, because they can experience it the first time. So go and watch it. p.s. on october,26 2006 schippers second movie will hit the screen - "Ein Freund von mir"
This energetic series of mini episodes is surprisingly faithful to the spirit and look of the live action prequels without deviating from the Cartoon Network's bouncy, anime-ish style. The character design, uncannily accurate voice work and fluid animation are all cracking, and it's fun to see the cartoon's events tie in to 'Episode III', while the majority of the action is spirited and inventive. Odd, then, that the series' major weakness is that there's too much going on, too much action and not enough quiet spots, which makes for a rather relentless and one-note viewing experience when it's not broken up into its original chapters. Still, it's an absorbing enough spin-off. No match for the real thing, though.
This is a classic piece of Ray Bradbury about a country man who buys a mysterious jar from a carnival and becomes a sensation in his small town as a result. Night after night, a group of citizens meet at his house to discuss the jar and its contents and to try to discover what it it is. each of the citizens ventures a guess, some very complicated like Grandma's explanation, and some very simple like the young girl who thinks that the contents is "the boogieman". Like most of Alfred Hitchcock's hair raisers, this segment has a surprise ending. In addition, in this particular segment, it has a very gruesome ending at that. Dan Basinger
If you liked Freaks and Geeks this is a must-see. Judd Apatow once again created a hysterical and touching series with characters that really become more like friends. The half hour format makes these a bit lighter than Freaks and Geeks - and when this show was canceled they weren't quite as able to still wrap things up as with the earlier show. But this certainly filled the void in my TV-viewing life left by the departure of Freaks and Geeks. Many of the members of the cast from that show appear here - some as regulars, others in hysterical guest performances. This is definitely one of those watch it in a single weekend marathon kind of shows.
Of course, in a made for TV movie, you aren't looking for the professionalism of the genre, but rather at the entertainment value. Well, this is one movie that delivers the entertainment by way of Andrea McArdle. She is a powerhouse and made such an impression on me with her voice as a young girl that I can still recall the lyrics to all of the Judy Garland songs she sang in this film. The relationship portrayed with her father is a touching one and you get a sense of how this little girl was transformed into the media powerhouse that was ultimately her undoing. A must see movie - if it can ever be found released.
We really enjoyed the first part of DANIKA, but it got more and more confusing as it went along. As the drama progressed, we held out hope that the many questions we had would be answered, but that did not happen. After the movie, we went online and searched and only THEN did we feel like we partially understood the movie. There are still lots of loose endings and unresolved questions, but maybe this movie was just too "psychologically thrilling" for us to understand! :) When all was said and done, it felt like a waste of 80 minutes of our time. If you are someone who enjoys tidy endings to movies, DON'T rent/buy this one.
As far as Woody Allen goes, I would have to say that this is his most impressive film that I have seen. Allen wrote, directed and stars in the hilarious film, answering different questions asked about sex. It jumps from one strange bit to the next, including things such as, a doctor who has sex with a sheep, newly weds with bedroom problems, a transvestite caught in public, a game show satire called "What's My Perversion" (ironically featuring a younger Regis Philbin), and the funniest being a mad scientist whose breast implant experiment breaks loose and a giant silicone filled tit roams the countryside, eventually being caught in a huge bra. Classic stuff here, well worth checking out.
I've just lost 2 hours of my life watching this mindless plot. I could make a better movie with my cellphone camera. How do they manage to get actors to play in those movies?? Porn movies have better scenarios and effects... I wish I had those 2 hours back... The only good thing about this movie is the cast. Even though, their acting skills in this one could not lift this movie to passable, the rest was just WAY too bad! It's the type of movie that I'd recommend using to torture prisoners into scaring them straight. Even worse, I saw a translated version of this flick...Imagine, a bad movie...with an even worst translation...Yikes!
This movie was extremely entertaining. I am not a big fan of sequels, especially animated ones, but this one is really well done. Disney didn't try to use all the same old jokes and funny lines from the first movie. Patrick Stewart is great as the voice of the Great Prince. I like that the story is not of Bambi's son but goes back to right after Bambi's mom dies and follows his transition at that time. My kids just love it, have already seen it three times! Flower the Skunk is our favorite with his squeaky smell release! The animation and music are beautiful too. I highly recommend this one for young and old alike!
It was as sequels usually are... Bambi was a such a huge movie when I was a kid. I must have cried 5 liters... And it left me with such an impact that I still remember the feeling that I had.... I had my mum but was without a father so I could relate... And now I am a step-mom for two children who have lost their mom, so I can now relate in otherwise as well..... Original is Original, this is a nice movie but no masterpiece and should have been left without the name Bambi II as it is so far from the Original, especially since the Original showed Bambi as an adult already.....
The other name for Lethal Orbit is Countdown to Disaster. Let me tell you that title fits this movie. The endless courtroom scenes are just too dull. The DVD case is misleading in that it looks pretty interesting, but that is about it. Don't read this movie by its cover. I bought this movie because Jan-Michael Vincent made a appearance in it. Well, I made myself stay awake long enough to see his performance as Riff. I quickly fell asleep there after. If you are having trouble sleeping this movie is a great insomnia cure. Because it had Jan-Michael Vincent in it I will say it is not a total waste of film, but it is pretty close.
Apparently everyone likes this movie except me. Strange thing, too, because while I was watching this I couldn't find a single positive redeeming quality to raise my opinion of it - even the locations are not photographed very attractively. It's a boring mystery tale, that never manages to get you involved, and when everything is revealed you don't get any particular pleasure from the resolution. In fact, the movie takes so long to reach at wherever it's going that you may feel like dozing off on several occasions. Denzel Washington, in this particular role, doesn't show enough star charisma to hold the picture; his co-star, Robert Townsend, steals the show as the cheerfully irresponsible "victim of circumstances". (*1/2)
Did any of the actors put any thought while reading the script. Or they just had nothing better to do with there time. I thought How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days sure had its perks. This movie started out good, a good Hollywood setting, about the adventures and misadventures of romance in L.A. But as the film went on it just really got bad, and annoying to sit through. My thoughts on this is, who wrote this stupidity anyone dares to call it self a movie script. The characters seriously become very unsympathetic. Poppy Montgomery and Tori Spellings characters make this film very unwatchable. Not that they are bad actress's, they just deserve better then this.
Considering how funny Van Wilder's Party Liaison was and that the character of Taj was great in it you would expect more from this follow up. It's basically Americans having a laugh at the English the college is a mix of Oxford and Cambridge with toffy nosed types trying to dupe the American. He ends up with a cockney slag, a geek and a drunken Irishman and boosts their confidence. Taj falls for the toffy nosed boys girlfriend and inevitably she falls for him. Predictable, not funny...In fact Taj is the only good thing in the whole movie the rest of the the "never heard ofs" are dire. Not worth the movie cost to rent it. Believe me
There is no reason to struggle with justifications, nor to reach for words to describe such an amateurish, hackneyed, stilted, banal ... well, there I go. Just suffice to it say that it is completely understandable why the talented Mr. Penn reportedly chose to stay drunk for every shooting day of this miserable, limp, pointless ... you see where I'm going. However bad you remember it to be, you must re-see it to believe it. Madonna is the worst American actress of all time without peer. The only thing she's done on film that is worth seeing is Evita (a music video) and "Desperately Seeking Susan" (in which she has little dialog and rolls her eyes a lot).
Although Walt Disney was producing exceptional cartoons circa 1930, Warner Brothers (through Leon Schlessinger Studios) was way behind on the curve. The quality of their Bosko series was clearly light-years behind Mickey Mouse--mostly because the cartoons weren't especially funny or charming. Instead, they were rather corny. Because of this, you practically never (thank goodness) see these cartoons today. Here in HOLD ANYTHING, Bosko is working around a construction site. He sees his girlfriend and they begins making eyes at each other. It's all a bit mushy and they dance around a bit until eventually (and mercifully) it all ends. The only interesting part is when Bosko cuts the head off a mouse that looks amazingly like Mickey!
Watching this collection of people both fascinated and disgusted me. The odd interchanges between the two "adults" were embarrassing, disjointed, truly horrible. The few scenes of kindness toward one another were almost worse than their mutual spitefulness. Watching the father with his multiple mouth fixations nearly made me gag. Usually I enjoy independent films; I can't see the reasoning behind any aspect of plot, character development (or lack thereof), or conflict. The only thing I felt was understandable was why the son had moved so far away from these self-centered, thoroughly unredeeming characters making up his creepy twisted family tree. If I really had it in for someone, I would force him to watch this inaccurately titled movie.
I love all the actors, which is why I rented the movie. I expected a character study, given who's in the ensemble, but I had hoped for an interesting one. Sadly, it's another example of New Yorkers thinking they're the center of the universe and anything about them must be wonderful. Sadly, the characters were paint-by-number and the plots trite (when they existed) and the endings completely predictable. If the idea was that these were "typical stories", for a guy who grew up in Texas, lived many years in California and now lives overseas, the movie, it just reinforced how shallow and foolish movie makers in NY are and how badly they view their own fellow citizens.
Why is this film never shown --even on Turner Classics-- in its original aspect ratio? I believe it was the first RKO widescreen film. The pan and scan version makes all the underwater photography look murky and that had been the movie's big allure, along with Jane Russell of course. But I have noticed, especially on Fox Movie Channel, that some widescreen films are never shown in widescreen. Others are. Perhaps the original prints are rotting in a can somewhere. SKY DIVERS, a movie with James Coburn and filmed in Greece is another example of one never shown in all its original glory. Both of these films' experience would be greatly enhanced by full view of the scenery.
This movie is only getting two stars because nobody gives two stars for movies and I wanted to distinguish myself. This book was one of the few books I have read in my life time, and to see it impugned so ruthlessly by the movie makers hurt. A lot. Entourage watchers: Do you remember when the Variety columnist told Johnny Drama that he took a star off his "Five Towns" rating as soon as he saw Drama in the show? Well, apply that idea to Paul Walker, and make the one star three stars. I really want to see Crichton's Prey on the big screen, but I fear after this debacle it wont happen. Great.
I can't believe a film with this much talent can be a total waste, but if you can't understand the dialog for the heavy Irish accents, you can't appreciate where they are trying to take you. I gave it over an hour and without being pulled into the story, I could only see a lot of bizarre behavior. I walked out to avoid further pain. I wasn't the only one to leave early. Cinematography, locations, were acceptable, but not enough to pull it out for me. I will try to see other productions of Film Board of Ireland, but only after establishing that an educated American adult will have no difficulty recognizing the language.
Sergio Garrone's "SS Experiment Camp" is a total failure on every possible level.This film was banned in Britain as a video nasty,but it surely isn't as outrageous as many people claim.In fact it's pretty tame even by today's standards.There is some torture and humiliation and lots of nudity and soft-core sex.Some scenes are pretty mean-spirited for example one woman who refuses to go through the experiments is put into the tank.The temperature is first put up to almost boiling point and then the dial is turned the other way making it icy cold.Still the film is extremely dull,so fans of Italian exploitation may be disappointed.Avoid this one like the plague-watch "Beast in Heat" or "Gestapo's Last Orgy" instead!
'London Voodoo' is a story about a corporate New Yorker who moves to London with his wife and child. The wife discovers the remains of a voodoo shrine in the cellar of their London apartment with very predictable consequences. While voodoo is normally associated with creole culture in the southern United States, London's vibrant Afro-Caribbean culture also maintains some remnants of voodoo practices. The minimal cultural differences between Britain and the US begs the question as to why US actors were needed in this film in the first place. The acting is amateur and wholly unconvincing. Movie fans will be sympathetic to what the movie is trying to achieve. However, this movie is destined for the bargain basement.
Wesley Snipes stars as Dean Gage, an ex soldier who has emotional baggage, however when he is injected with a truth serum, Gage finds himself vulnerable and the bad guys on his trail, but who can he trust? I caught Unstoppable on USA a couple of months ago and it is easily one of the worst movies i've seen from Wesley Snipes. I know this don't go to theaters but the quality and the overall final result is substandard even for a straight to video action flick. The action sequences are filmed with little interest and the movie just lacks an originality or life to make this for anyone but Wesley Snipes enthusiasts. 1/2* out of 4-(Awful)
Oh, those terrible kids. I was their age at the time of this film and I am ashamed that this is the best example of juvenile delinquency Lewis can muster. "Terrorizing" old ladies by burning newspapers in her yard and spraying her with a hose? This is terrible. Give them the chair. Taking a cane from a blind man and crutches from an injured old man. Oh how horrible! Putting a toddler in a trash can while they wreck the stroller. Big men! These were just wimps. tearing up a newspaper. Oh, come on. There were some rapes (not that you would see anything), and ultimately a murder, they were scum, but so is this picture.
Country bumpkins try to find out what the hell has been causing all the recent accidents in town. With the help of several local dweebs, the dip sheriff reconstructs crime scenes but finds out nothing until a 'giant' gila monster stumbles back into the county looking for a midnight snack. Lowest point of the film is when one of the town's leading idiots tries to sing a stupid song while pathetically twanging a ukulele, first for a crippled little girl, then for a group of moronic teenagers. Too bad the gila doesn't eat every one of these slobs before the closing credits. Not worth the time... the U.S. Farm Report is more interesting than this.
They basically put parts 1,2,3 and 4 together in one movie.First of all the kills in this movie were boring and made with CGI.Second,way too much sex and nudity.I mean a little is okay but having a sex scene last 3 minutes and showing EVERYTHING that's just dumb even for a horror movie.Third,the ending was kinda hard to understand.Jason jumps out of the lake and cut,it's over.I mean that was just mind blowing and odd.On a positive note,Jason looked scary and cool.Jason looks the best in this movie.This movie had it's moments but it's just wasn't that good.I strongly suggest watching the old Friday The 13th movies.Parts 1,3,4,5,6 and 7 are the best ones.The rest are just okay.
The film had everything going for it except writing talent. Actors were fine (especially Andy Griffith), camera was in focus, sets were marvelous. But it was a grand "so what?" at the end. Mom has baby, ditches controlling husband, gets a big fat legacy, ends her dead-end affair, and lives happily ever after. Sort of an afterschool special for the WTV set. I did love the pie pieces throughout the film, but the characters were waaayyy too stereotypical. The very real, claustrophobic, relationship of the main character was just dropped at the end with no unpleasant traces to show for it all as if the filmmaker ran out of time and was tired of the story. Not recommended...
Acting? Not so hot, in fact quite poor. If you like Hollywood, you wont notice this. For the record, 'Mousehole' is pronounced locally as 'Mousall', not 'muzzle'. Accents were poor. Go to Cornwall if you don't believe me. Lots of continuity errors. Did I say the acting was poor? Over-acting, melodramatic stuff. Poorly made. How can all these reviews here like this movie? Lousy script too - did I watch the same movie? This thing is pretty much unwatchable - are you folks on prozac? This was like a bad silent movie. The melodramatic music/scenes in the early stages left us in no doubt as to the outcome. Not enough dialogue. Lots wrong with this movie. Sorry.
There is not special in Ghajini.A copy of Memento Movie which far better with style.The Tamil Director has made the movie in the Indian way has the medical student searching for the character who has the problem amnesia.The flashback tells that the rich man who loves the girl till the end of first half does not tell her till he reveals the secret.The villain will come and hit the hero in the head when the heroine gets killed during the incident he losses consiousness.Avenging the twin villains will be done like Matrix in the climax Watch the English version better than this one. The director has promoted ASIN in her ADS skills as a character who likes Ghajini.
I have seen most of the After-Dark Horror-Fest movies and this one is the worst. It is uneven and really does not flow well. The acting is stale and the story is a little unbelievable. The only reason I give this movie more than one star is because the killer is pretty awesome. If there was more of the killer in the movie, it may have had a better result. There are a few scenes that work and the blood and gore is a plus. But, the movie fails to do anything but play on stereotypes and show the same teenagers do stupid things just to get killed in the end. This movie is pretty bad.
Good grief. Someone *paid* actual *money* to make this? If you want to watch people having sex, buy a porn movie, and be prepared to put up with lousy acting, ghastly dialog, and a plot (if any) that a two year old wrote. This is utterly bizarre. Lousy acting, ghastly dialog, a plot a two year old would have eschewed... and lousy sex. OK, someone wanted to make it, someone put up a budget, all this I understand. What I don't understand is - why is it on my TV screen? (Except it isn't - I can surely find a channel with something better on. Even if it's white noise.) Click
This is one awful, awful comedy and a waste of a fine cast. Just one failed attempt at humor after another, with such crude and flat gags. The film leads nowhere, thinking it can be fueled strictly on laughs. But there's a problem: the laughs don't exist. There was one funny joke and it was given away in the previews. A.J. Johnson says: "Here are the twins, Ug and Lee." Just so I don't sound like a complete sour grape, there is one great scene involving a boatload of topless babes. If you happen to catch this movie on cable, that scene is worth waiting for. But don't waste any money to rent this movie.
The film never creates the tense, doom-laden atmosphere of William Gibson's short story about corporate espionage in a grim near-future setting, leaving the viewer to spend a numbing hour and half with unheroic and uninteresting characters doing not much of anything. The original story had little in the way of plot as well. It did, however, have a great overlying menace, set in a world where cutthroat corporate Gestapos kill to protect the technology they control. Here you only get a vague hint of that for the first ten minutes, at which point the film settles into a slice-of-lowlife study of its downbeat characters and loses all forward momentum. Watch DEMONLOVER instead for a similar story done right.
Nothing special about 9 1/2 months. I saw it on the Lifetime Channel and I'm not sure how it ever made it to the big screen. There's very little chemistry between Grant and Moore. Grant's character seems quite inept at working through his emotions about being a dad. A good child psychologist would probably have some idea about his feelings for fatherhood. And he'd have collegues he could turn to. Oh and did I mention the jokes are forced and not all that that funny? Well, the movie isn't hillarious. I like Hugh Grant in many movies...but this isn't one them. If you like romantic comedies or moives about pregnancy you might enjoy this. Otherwise skip it.
Well, I would suggest a simple test for my recommendation for this movie. I presume that you wanna watch a good horror movie. Stand in front of a mirror, and make some scary faces. Now, if you got scared by looking at your own scary face, then you should watch this movie. And if looking at your face made you laugh, then don't go for this movie, because it wont even make you laugh. Very poor dialogs, worst casting (esp the killer who is terribly unscary) and a lots of technical mistakes. I am still trying to think of at least one good thing about this movie...well I am done thinking...Nothing Good ! I mean it
I cannot understand...Simbu does not have any originality. ..He acts and copies Rajini's style, then copies Kamal's style .. then copies Vijay's style and then last but not least copies his dad's style. Does it mean he is more like a mimicry hero. ..who has no originality and just copies everyone...He wants to be like everyone and never wants to be like Simbu.....It is so annoying and boring to see the same crap. .. If the same portrait of Rajini, Kamal and Vijay are going to be always there, why see a dummy instead of a real one. Maybe Simbu should accept himself and act his own style instead of having no originality and copying everyone. Renu
I was disappointed to find that I was unable to watch this film as there was no captions. I would have thought as the film was made in 2006 and in this era of marvellous technology, this would have been available. I thought when I hired the DVD, that there were subtitles available but after a phone call to the Video shop, I was informed that if you look closer, there was no tick beside the word, subtitles. Maybe it would have been better if the word, subtitles, was not written on the DVD cover. Normally, I would look for this word and if it is not there, I assume that the DVD is not subtitled.
This must be the worst "horror" movie i've ever seen and i've seen a lot of horror movies. Hmm i guess you could compare this crapp**y piece of shi**t to Disaster Movie if anyone has seen it. The main difference is that D.M. has its highlights where you can at least smile a bit, at Asylum there is no single scene where you could be just a bit frightened, well maybe just at the thought how much of good old money was spent for making this, while it could be put to better more not-stupid things, like i don't know THROWING IT TO GARBAGE! I apologize for bad language but see the movie and you will understand.
i saw the premiere of this film in edinburgh at the odeon. the theatre was packed and having really enjoyed the first movie, like i guess most of the audience we were all really excited to be seeing the sequel. you can imagine our dissapointment. lots of ppl, including us , left 20 mins before the end, quite a few patrons were quite angry at how ineptly bad it was. having recently seen it again on cable it is still utterly woeful. i would rather go and clean the toilet than sit thru it again. on second thoughts i'd rather come and clean your toilet and i don't like clieaning toilets and don't know you. get the idea???
Johnny Depp is pretty nice, as one might expect, in fact all the cast is pretty nice. The script could have been made into something really interesting, but wasn't. The director did a really worthless job. Or the producer, I can't tell. There's some scenes and some music in some scenes that'll really going to make you laugh.. Crying "OMG IT'S SO BAD" Don't pay to see this B-movie. We, my friend and I basically figured out the whole movie out after 15-20 minutes.. But we said to ourselves "no this cant be it, it cant be that cheesy" .. Guess what .. it is .. Do yourself a favour and avoid the most predictable movie this year.
my sister and i had all four movies in the "House" series and decided to have a "House" marathon.we had just watched the first one,and had somehow made it to the end.but it wasn't easy.it was not a good film, at all.so, we suffered through the second one in.we managed to make it through 40 minutes of this dog, before we finally had to put it to sleep.this movie made the first one seem like Shakespeare in comparison. the acting was atrocious,at best.the budget was next to nothing as was the first one.the whole plot was ludicrous,which is to be expected,but not to this degree.nobody would behave like these characters did,given the same situations. a low 2 *
This is just awful! Having seen the "original" - Riget - you wont need to argue with me on that statement! I hope this teaches people a lesson. Don't remake exceptional good movies or series for that matter, - You might mess up, and mess up bad! Would it have been too much to ask for keeping it real? Why all the altering of the perfectly good story? Why have my beloved spooks gone? Why add ridiculously plain, well known, easy-to-see-thru horror to a masterpiece like Lars Von Trier's "Riget"? It makes me feel someone stole and got caught, - Do i make my point ? Stephen King, You are not the King of Horror!
Normally I do not run down writers or producers , but in this case I feel I must . Stephen King did not and I repeat not write "kingdom hospital" he simply bought the rights to it . I am not upset about this I am more annoyed that King's version of "Riget" has been nothing more than an expensive but poorly made copy of a masterpiece . The other problem I have is that Kings version lacks that certain dark humor that helped to make "riget" the masterpiece that it is. FYI I only give this 1 Star because the system wont let me give any less. Thank you Stephen King for fouling up !
This is the first movie in the new Wallanderseries and is based on the book with the same name. And it went completely wrong.The policemen/woman in this film behaves like morons and I can't understand how they did make it trough police academy. Embarrassing mistakes and on top of it all a ridiculous plot aiming to please some minorities in society (they can'not have gained anything by this) I don't blame the actors or the photo - but everything else stinks! I feel also there is a lack of flow in this picture that easily could have been avoided by lengthening/cutting i the right places. Next episodes must be far superior if Í'm going to watch this series.
In Red Dawn, clearly taking place in 1984, America is invaded by Cubans (allied with Russians). Nuclear weapons are never seen. Neither is acting. The filming/directing is horrendous. In long shots, nothing happens; you just see landscapes or people standing around. There are overlong, boring conversations fit only to be fast-forwarded past. You'd think the movie was worth watching for the actors, but they are so young and inexperienced that they become barely recognizable innocent bystanders in a clueless, unsympathetic story about stupid Americans fighting even stupider foreigners. There were many really good movies made in the '80s, and just as many really bad ones. Guess which category this belongs in. 2 out of 10.
boring stuff we got here. His 5 minute shorts are better than this. know why? because there only 5 minutes and not 91 minutes or how ever long this is. The plot is kinda... eh.. the last half hour is alright the rest is boring and not funny =( I had my hopes up, the trailer made it look funny but the pace of this movie is pretty slow and sadly not funny. Just plain boring klaymen running into each other and trying to make us laugh.. not working. Maybe next time knox. Maybe re-cutting this movie and adding better scenes would do a lot of healing but for now its just not good.
boring stuff we got here. His 5 minute shorts are better than this. know why? because there only 5 minutes and not 91 minutes or how ever long this is. The plot is kinda... eh.. the last half hour is alright the rest is boring and not funny =( I had my hopes up, the trailer made it look funny but the pace of this movie is pretty slow and sadly not funny. Just plain boring klaymen running into each other and trying to make us laugh.. not working. Maybe next time knox. Maybe re-cutting this movie and adding better scenes would do a lot of healing but for now its just not good.
I had great hopes for this movie...none of which were fulfilled. My family and I enjoyed the first two Santa Clause movies, but this was a major let down. Sad, too, because it had great potential. I enjoy Martin Short, and think he was well cast in the role of Jack Frost. However, the writing and editing were so disjointed, and it seemed like there were too many subplots going on for any one story line or character to get any substantial development. Unless you have kids who are dying to see this, I would skip it altogether or wait for it to come out on DVD. I definitely wouldn't spend another $20 to go see it.
"Rubber Johnny" begins with you asking yourself "what is going on?", and ends with you asking yourself "what just happened?". The positive that can be brought out of Rubber Johnny is simply that it is original. Now that being said, it is original in the worst of ways. A mix of cheap effects (however original), and a very poor foundation make Rubber Johnny a complete bust. One watching this for the first time, would think it was done by a couple of 10 year olds just fooling around and experimenting with a home video camera. But for the short amount of time it takes to watch it, check it out and see what I mean.
The opening of "Goodnight,God Bless" is quite unsettling and memorable:we see a priest with a rosary walking near the school before murdering a young school teacher with a butcher knife and then shooting 5 school children on the playground and wounding countless others.This sequence is shot in chaotic and hand-held style that certainly packs the punch.Unfortunately after this nasty beginning the film quickly goes downhill.First of all it has more to do with dull cop drama than slasher flick.There are a couple of thrills including the scene of the woman chased through the forest,but the acting is so-so and the ending is abrupt and comes out-of-nowhere.It's a crying shame that "Lucifer" is so terminally boring.4 out of 10.
There is much hype surrounding the release of les Ames Fortes in France due to the starring debut of Laetitia Casta as the main character. We can understand very well what has appealed to the 23 year-old model: the movie, freely adapted from a Giono novel, tells the story of a peasant girl who will discover and use her personal attraction on men and women as she goes to town. What could have made a good story turns very boring as Ruiz lacks a sense of tempo and seems unable to craft a good end to the movie. This movie is not worth two hours of your time, even if you are a Casta fan.
I just watched Impact Earth and was really surprised to see that Dublin, the capital city of my fair country, has moved! Yes, you heard me Dublin has relocated to the North of Ireland and is now roughly where Belfast is. (Maybe Miss South Carolina was the geography consultant on this movie?) As if that isn't bad enough the Irish 'science' people in this movie are from Queens College Dublin. Note to the writer/director/producer - many Irish people are a bit tetchy about the subject of the British monarchy and would really not appreciate our main educational institution named after their queen. Folks maybe before your next movie you might check out the geographic and socio-political facts, eh?
I started to watch this movie but gave up because it was so poorly made. I looked at the reviews and, for the most part, Christians thought it was manna from heaven, and others thought it stank. But this shows the differences between Christians and others - Christians, for the most part, are seriously deluded in their beliefs, and any film like this will have them patently ignoring their senses and lauding nonsense. Seriously, how can any sane, non-delusional human being say this load of tripe is the best movie every made? And why do 'others' say it like it is? The answer is because Christians are delusional and others are realists. I know which group I prefer.
This is a horrible film. Its nothing like the Karate Kid except that it has a kid in it who knows Karate. The plot is paper thin, the acting is cardboard (Corey Feldman included) and character development consists of good guys in white, bad guys in red. The whole film takes itself far too seriously and this is especially evident anytime the overly dramatic soundtrack ques in (good example being the very serious sounding synth music being played during a food fight in a school cafeteria as students smile on). The way the film plays out it feels like they're making it up on the spot. Even the action is boring and safe feeling. Don't waste your time.
The film was done pretty good. The actresses are also fine-> young, beautiful and talented (I especially liked Fiona Scott). But the story did not impress me. I wasn't excited when I watched this movie, I was somehow looking forward to the end of it. I also felt a little bit sleepy while watching it. When I watch film, I have to understand everything in it-> why is everything just the way it is.. But in this story, things are just not clear enough. I never knew why something happened.. It is like a story for a 5 years old children. Some things just don't make any sense. That's why I give this film only 6/10.
The first one is Jack Palance in CHE!, playing the part of Fidel Castro. The other one is in THE LAST DAYS OF PATTON, when George C. Scott (as General Patton) makes his SINGING DEBUT by performing the the suggestively dirty little soldier's ditty "Lily From Piccadilly, The Blackout Queen". Either of these performances is more than adequate induce hysterical laughter, projectile vomiting, or the blank, glazed eyed, frozen stare that only the total and utter disbelief in what your eyes and ears are telling you can produce. Trust me on this one. George must have done this turkey strictly for the money. Except for the singing, he could have mailed in his performance.
This movie was total cheese. It stank. I didn't find anything that is worth mention about this movie. Bad acting, routine script, cheap production, no good dirty rotten movie in general. All it was was sadness. It could have been told telling the good things that happened in Laci Peterson's life, not one sad incident that happened in her lifetime. Also, I totally think that there could have been a lot better actors play these characters. People such as, Ben Foster, Jon Foster, Reese Witherspoon, Ryan Phillipee, Luke Wilson, Selma Blair and Holland Taylor. Good I hate that monster Scott Peterson. May he burn in hell with Satan forever. "Scott Got What He Deserved". Ron Grantski, Laci's Stepfather.
The leads are the best part of this "film." There is potential in their performances and hopefully they can find work in more films with better material. But the biggest distraction of the movie is that it is shot on mini-DV (digital video). When projected (I saw a 35mm blow-up) 95% of the shots were out of focus...hence I was constantly rubbing my eyes. It should not hurt to watch a movie. And at a reported production budget of $70,000.00 and shooting schedule of 4 weeks...you'd think if the filmmakers were smart enough, they could have shot on film (16mm or 35mm). Plus the "film" went on about 15 minutes too long...this is a grade-z "KIDS."
I just don't know what to say about this movie. It was really bad. It was slow, subdue, uneventful, I literally feel asleep during it, it truly was a chore to watch. I eventually skipped to the "action" parts and this movie still came up empty handed. Seriously though, I couldn't help but think about how good of a anime movie this would have made. It had all the elements there of a decent action cartoon. Oh and some of the goofy blood squirting effects were pretty funny too. Just try to envision an R rated Power Rangers movie (which still sounds better than this movie) and see what you think of "CRAP", I mean "Kibakihchi".
This Movie, is in the worst "B"-Grade Horror Movie Catagorie. The plot is based off of an Old 1950's show created by Rod Serling "The Twilight Zone" (IMO)-- Ventriloquist dummy is alive -- this does have a little more ridiculous, stupid, and down right very quickly forgotten atrocities. --Some one taking on police force. An abductee, running through the woods trying to escape a crazy shot-gun toting, crazed maniac, then all of a sudden wow -- there's a saloon -- what luck!!!!!! Give me chuckie any day -- and I didn't like that movie either -- But it was hands down a 10 over this one. Waste of time -- I gave it a 2!!!
Unless you are interested in twenty-somethings spouting nonsense which they consider profound, you will probably be bored after 10 minutes. While I'm sure the characters can all be found in real life, this movie could only hold someone's interest if the monologues were either hilarious or truly profound. Neither condition is met unfortunately. Actually, I found the film pretty depressing. The characters are all caught in their own Ground Hog scenarios with no wish to break free. The monologues really don't present any new ideas but rehash various conspiracy theories and so forth. If anything, the film demonstrates the need to move out of college towns and get on with your life. 3 out of 10 is generous.
Alright, it wasn't that bad, but it was close. Sure the Scary Movie series as well as Date Movie were stupid and juvenile, but this is dumber than all the rest. There were a few chuckles, but overall it was mostly me groaning. Nearly every joke was tired and lame. They gave away all the "good" jokes in the trailer. Why Fred Willard and Jennifer Coolidge would be in this I have no idea. But Crispin Glover? The oddball actor who was so great in films like Back to the Future, River's Edge What's Eating Gilbert Grape and more? Yeah that's him all right, as Willy Wonka dancing around to crappy songs. So maybe my title was accurate.
If you have seen this movie, you'll notice the side of the high school that was used as the front of the high school for the movie shots. That was the entrance used by the student parking lot. Well, that no longer exists as the high school has greatly expanded. I always wonder why they didn't use the front of the school (could have covered up the school name) because the view from across the street would have been nice. Rancocas Valley is a beautiful school and this movie reminds me of how it used to be (class of '96) If you are a Mount Holly native or graduated from RV, check out this movie.
I've always recommended this movie to people who like bad horror flicks. Both Shatner and Borgnine are at their overacting best in this as they debate good and evil, while the black robed Satanists just sit around and chant; really, have you ever seen evil be so devout and boring? The highlight is Borgnine as a goat. The melty effects are fun and cheesy too. It's clear the director had just gotten/seen this effect and decided to go to town with it. As someone said earlier, Travolta debuting is just plain weird, and the fact that Anton LaVey hisself has a cameo just makes this a cheesy scream queen classic. Buy/rent or borrow this and have a laugh!
...in describing the events leading towards the invasion by the US, the description of people being "melt to their weapons" and "cut in half" by "lasers" and killed by "poisonous darts causing massive bleeding" given by "eye witnesses" raised serious doubts about the truth content of this "documentary". While I don't doubt the reasons for the invasion given (Gen. Noriega becoming increasingly uncooperative to his CIA employers), the description of events seems, lets say, a little imaginative. Furthermore the accounts of former Panamanian officials are a little dubious since the people removed from power might actually not be telling the whole truth either. It's a shame that this kind of concoction might give historical documentaries a bad reputation.
Having the best film title around is about all G has going for it. Richard T. Jones, a hip hop record producer, and Blair Underwood fight over the laughably emotive (and, frankly, not pretty) Chenoa Maxwell. Considering the genre (pseudo-gangsta love drama), I can forgive a lot. My biggest complaint is not that the editing is slipshod, nor that Maxwell is truly awful, nor that Underwood (quite possibly the most attractive man on earth) looks like R Kelly here (and that's not good). It's supposed to be a movie about hip hop - with practically NO HIP HOP! Oh - one of the most memorable unmemorable quotes in cinema this year comes from G: "Happiness is God's orgasm."
Absolutely everything about this movie is awful. The drawings and animation are terrible. Absolutely terrible. Dull colors, empty backgrounds and generally really poor work. Adding to that is the terrible character designs. The goblins look like toads, Smaug looks like an oversized bat-creature and all the main characters look wrinkled and ugly with strangely shaped eyes, noses etc. The music is terrible 70s stuff, including some awful folk music they insist on playing all the time. The plot isn't nearly as good as the book, dialogue is so-so and the voice acting is just bad... In short, this movie is an insult to Tolkien's work and an insult to the viewers' good taste. Avoid at all cost!
I was sadly disappointed with this movie. It wasn't a comedy, or even a drama really. It was "April" trying to make Thanksgiving dinner and the problems she encounters. This movie was basically the LONGEST hour and 20 minutes of my entire life. Beware this movie unless you really want to waste your money on it. Even with all the big name actors/actress it was done rather poorly. Shaky camera, BAD acting and a lot more things I'd rather not get into made this the worst experience in my life. If it had lasted any longer than that hour 20 minutes, I'd have stopped it right then and returned it never to pick it up again.
i didn't like this movie at all.i think it's supposed to be a parody of March of the Penguins.but for me,it just wasn't funny.plus,i felt the humour consisted of mostly vulgar,crude language.there's a lot of the F-bomb(among other words) dropped here.this definitely isn't for kids.but i also just found it boring.i actually couldn't watch it all,because i found it too slow.as for the crude language,that doesn't always bother me,but i just found it gratuitous and too frequent.i don't think you always need to have swears to make things funny.it's not for every taste,that's for sure.if you don't mind a lot of very crude language,you might want to check this one out.for me,Farce of the Penguins is a 1/10
How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this long? It's terrible. It makes me want to shoot someone. It's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. I'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. I remember watching it when it first came out. I thought, hey this could be interesting, then I found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. It was so bad that I actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table. Please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.
This would have been better without some completely pointless changes brought in to the plot. At the start there is a completely implausible attempt to suggest that Mark is suspected of being the killer. Nothing in the show suggests the police would suspect him in this way and the plot line dies quietly, having wasted a fair amount of time. Most of the performances are adequate at worst but the dialogue is often poor. One of the things which made the book successful was the way it at least played with the idea of the supernatural. No one could be fooled by the witches here. Agatha Christie was usually luckier than this in her adaptors for the screen.
What's not to dislike? From the mega-cheap production values, to the terrible performances (the non-European accents -- and stereotypes -- are the worst), it's infinitely awful. They might have considered reading an actual book about Antarctica, that might have helped the script although I doubt anything outside of burning it would have prevented this abomination on film. In Antarctica, you simply can't physically do 75% of what they showed characters doing. It's not just a really, really cold place. When Dolph Lungren is your star performer, you have a serious problem from the start. They couldn't even agree upon the time of day (when in doubt, take wristwatches off your performers and off the walls of the sets.
I do not rate a movie a "1" unless it is *offensively* bad, and trust me, this one qualifies. The writing, directing, and editing are comically horrid; many scenes are so badly done that you break out laughing, and no, it's not intentional! Washed-up Dolph is not being paid enough here to even pretend to act, and none of the other actors are helping. The only thing that is half-decent is the special effects, or rather, the sci-fi bits from the future, and the passable intro with the meteors hurtling through space and plunging into the Earth. Everything else about this movie is a total loss and a total waste of life. Don't bother. Please.
Desperate Housewives began with a bang in season 1 but with a revolving door of cast changes starting in season 2 and the 5 year time jump, Marc Cherry might as well drive a nail through the series coffin. For the past 2 seasons, the series has had a number of recycled stories. The latest falls on Susan Mayer who is once again unlucky in love and having issues with her love life. Tom, Lynnette's husband is once again finding ways to liven up his miserable existence to his miserable hag of a wife. The show needs to end this season or next at the most. Further delays would severely cripple what remains of this one time hit.
It was a different kind of animation. The story line needed some work. But the background of the story, the floating islands of trees reminds me of a book by Larry Niven called "The Integral Trees" Where a smoke ring around a neutron star supported plant and animal life. The people that lived there were in a constant state of free-fall or zero gravity. They lived on huge trees that were in my minds eye very similar to the floating forests in Aero-Troopers. I liked the bit were the kid made his own glider. And being able to fly under your own power was interesting. How the instructor teaching the cadets had a very eastern way of speaking.
I cannot see how this movie was ever allowed to be seen in any movie theaters. Most spectators would probably want their money back. Robert Redford seems to like "ethnic American" movies like this one and Smoke Signals,which was at least better than Milagro Beanfield War. This movie played into stereotype characters too much but Redford wants to seem like an enlightened man who is sensitive to other cultures. This movie was a bit too racist for me to enjoy and it was not a comedy: the dumb blonde woman stereotype; the backward Mexican peasants; the White-Anglo New England anthropologist having to explain the mixture of pagan/Catholic religious beliefs to a Mexican who should already know this stuff!
I have seen some bad movies in my day, but this is the worst by far. I could find nothing in it to keep me watching it. No suspense, likable characters, engaging plot, nothing. The music is annoying and too loud. I understand this was a low-budget film (less than $20,000), but why bother? I tried to watch this movie with my wife and we had to keep pausing the thing in an attempt to figure out whether a particular scene was a flashback, a dream, or what. Even the premise of the film was confusing. Why worry about serotonin levels when you are making a clone? Transplant a soul?, consciousness? Is all that necessary when making clone?
I was expecting a great movie hearing all the good comments it got from my friends. However I was utterly disappointed last night when I saw it. The title of the movie suggests that the movie is about a knight templar with the name Arn. Funnily though, you won't get to know mr Arn at all! Or any of the other emotionless characters in this film. I'm not sure what the director thought about when he made this movie, but I guess he thought that he could make about 100 scenes with people saying 2-3 lines, then another 100 scenes of scenery. Cut them together like a zip-lock and then let the audience do the rest.
Some scenes are ridiculous - the timing is all wrong and the director deserves an axe-treatment for screwing this book up. The Disney version would probably be better. The original story has many layers but they tried to make it into a shakespeare play or sumthin, but worse.. Shame on you. Ben Kingsley is good though, and I liked the genuine feel to the surroundings, but that doesn´t help this empty shell of a movie. If you read the book u might get inspired to read it again. If u have not - leave this crap alone. I bet the reason Kingsley (the police) looks angry at times is because he´s starting to realize the movie will suck.
I saw "Death Of A President" a few nights ago and found the movie to be incredibly boring. Aside from all of the "hype" regarding whether or not the movie has moral issues, to me, this is of no concern. I just found the movie to be plan boring. So boring, in fact, I left three-quarters of the way through it. Don't waste your money or your sense on this ridiculousness. Though the acting seems real, at first, the actors lose their grip as the movie progresses. Do the motion-picture business a favor and just forget about this money-thirsty, controversy-seeking film, really. Second thought, do us ALL a favor by just ignoring it, period. Thanks!
This is an awfully slow movie and it's Ingmar Bergman so of course be prepared to bored rigid with endless celluloid lectures about the strain and awkwardness of (an already uninteresting ) middle class life for 2 hours. Most of Bergman's films always seem to go on and on seeming longer than they actually are. Absolutely nothing happens throughout this film up until like the last 15 minutes when it FINALLY becomes watchable. Watching a man and his wife walk around in a depressive mood for half a movie is not my idea of a good film,. If anything, just fast forward to the final parts of the film as it's the only time something interesting occurs.
It's amazing how often the words 'god-awful' appear in the reviews of this movie - er - on second thoughts, no it isn't. This really is a god-awful movie and the most god-awful part of it - eclipsing the non-script, the non-acting and the execrable un-special effects, is the incredible amount of really bloody awful music in this movie. The soundtrack is a masterpiece of incoherence ranging from tinny renditions of what sounded suspiciously like Morricone's 'The Good The Bad and The Ugly' theme played on a Stylophone to mellow Spanish guitar music, to 10 second loops of synthesised rock - ALL IN THE SAME SCENE! This isn't a soundtrack to a movie. It's a John Cage concert.
Renegades (1989) reunites two of the stars of Young Guns I and II. L.D.P. and Kiefer Sutherland are two guys out to get justice for the red man and the down trodden. One funny scene in this movie is when an old "chief:" goes out like his ancestors. Other than that there is nothing worth watching. The acting is mediocre and the direction is pedestrian. L.D.P. mugs for the camera whilst Kiefer Sutherland "carries" the movie on his tired shoulders. Too many movies like these were cranked out during the eighties and they're all bad. But if you're an L.D.P. fan then you'll be in hog heaven! Recommended for L.D.P. fans. Others will want to stay away!!
Overdressed Los Angeles locations come between harmless Dennis Hopper (as Frankie), porn star Darryl Hannah (as Margaret), her director Kiefer Sutherland (as Joey), and everybody's mob boss Michael Madsen (as Sal). Uncharacteristically, Mr. Hopper is called "Fly" because he wouldn't hurt one. He plays re-recordings on his jukebox, is called an ugly waitress, and falls in love with Ms. Hannah. She alternately appears blonde and brunette for adult audiences (note, no nudity), and tries not to shoot up. Flailing and jumping around on the set, Mr. Sutherland is mercifully gagged and tied up during the second half. ** The Last Days of Frankie the Fly (10/24/96) Peter Markle ~ Dennis Hopper, Darryl Hannah, Kiefer Sutherland, Michael Madsen
When i first saw the movie i couldn't actually determine if it is an action movie or a movie mocking other action movies. I was surprised when they used the ultimate tom and jerry prank were the good guy literally pulled the carpet from underneath the bad guy sending him into a magnificent somersault in the air. I personally believe that its very naive. there is no plot what so ever. It is a movie about a guy who was so lucky and avoided being killed several times in one day. The stunts are bad. There was a moment where i could have almost swear that the guy was gonna trip and fall on his face
Okay okay let me see if you saw this too. This movie and 'The Curve' are exactally the same movie. No way you might say? I dare to compare. Both movies involve the same plot. Two roomies who hope that their third roomate dies so they can get A's because of the 'dead roomate' policy. They both also have the one 'nice' guy attracted to some attractive girl. See thing is its so much better in 'The Curve' a darker storyline and the ending is to die for. If you liked DMOC (Dead Man on Campus) then you should enjoy 'The Curve' Btw they both came out in the same year. Kinda creepy huh?
This film has the carry oners on holiday at a caravan park. Immediately, you get the feeling you've been here before. I tried to like this film, but I just didn't find it very funny. I found the humor somewhat forced and obvious, which you expect, but they have in the past still made it fresh. The silly factor is major here, which normally is fine, but it doesn't work here. The jokes are here, but it wasn't the kind of film where they are many and, again, they seem forced. I would recommend other Carry On films before this, many of them. Not horrible, and there are some amusing moments, but not up to their usual standard.
No surprise that some nice white boy decided to cash-in on the bollywood phenom and what a trite mess he makes of it. Enough saccharine to make your teeth peel and enough sub-standard filmmaking to make you reach for your movie mantra and pray forgiveness for those who know not what they do. Pretty girl with nice song does not a movie make. Story? Let see... Boy meets girl. Girl from strict asian background. Boy not. It must be love. Everybody dance. Annoying & ludicrous twaddle. The only solace is I didnt pay to watch this. I give my deepest sympathy to those who did and were conned by a fancy poster and promise of magic realism.
Disgustingly dull movie about some selfish, self centred individuals. If it had concentrated on the themes of abuse, bullying, alienation of the lower classes and subculture, it might have had something to say. It didn't. Its lost in the vapour of its own pretentiousness. Unnecessary graphic orgy scenes. Yes they are meant to be metaphoric, but you know, it could been done with a little more enthusiasm, which the whole film lacks. Utterly contrived. All the actors should be shamed for the exploitation that this movie got from them. All this from a female director. What a waste of time. Who was this aimed at? what was its goal? Totally misguided. Badly filmed. No creativity in editing. Nothing.
I'll keep this short and sweet: Anyone who found himself or herself crying at this film or felt that it paralleled his or her own experiences has taken part in the most shallow relationships possible, and should never be allowed to date. This is the most horrendously written piece of sappy drivel that I've seen in at least a few years. Most lines are predictable, and the story is absolutely worthless, not to mention that the constant narration that retells what we just saw makes the entire movie feel as though it's a prologue to a movie we really don't want to see. Keep your fantasies of these teen actors alive and go watch their 1999 movies instead.
Not only is this movie awfully directed with plenty of unbelievable (and impossible) situations, but it's blatantly racist. The worst: it's meant for kids!! Talk about encouraging racism! A dangerous movie, probably made by crazed Zionists. The first message conveyed is that Arabs are evil and behind attempts to sabotage peace talks. The chimp is wearing a kind of a Saudi garment. Hint to Arabs looking bad too?? Or not Humans? Sounds like some Zionist leaders calling Palestinians "cockroaches". Then the chimp saves Japan and beats Japanese ninjas worshiping some kind of monkey-god... Wow! What Pat Morita does in that garbage is beyond comprehension! The whole is a vile propaganda stunt from the evil elites of this world.
This USA/Brazlian film is depressing for awhile as it concentrates of the abandoned street kids of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, of which they are thousands and thousands, unfortunately. Since it's carnival time in Brazil, however, the mood picks up and so does the sex as Rae Down Chong leads a parade of naked women. The executive director of this movie, Zalman King, is known for his "soft porn" flicks, and this turned out to be just about in that category. It really isn't a memorable film and certainly your time or money. If you want a better film dealing dealing with the horrors of the street situation in that area, check out "City Of God."
Quentin Tarantino's ego has finally overwhelmed his talents. This shameless self-ploitation film is unbearable for its horrible acting, cheesy dialogue, and bare-floor plot. Its celebrated cinematography, no doubt, is breathtaking. But this is a film, not a painting, and it can't rely solely on its visual elements to carry it forward (in this way it is excruciatingly similar to Eyes Wide Shut, another ego-trip from an otherwise immortal director). The cut is especially deep in that it is ranked ahead of films like Raging Bull, Ran, and Tarantino's own Reservoir Dogs (up there with Pulp Fiction for his best). Oh, to have those two hours of my life back (111 minutes of film, 9 minutes of quiet sobbing).
Although I like the actors in this movie, I found it to be boring. I chuckled a few times but they were few and far between. The previews made this movie look like a funny romantic comedy but I found myself nodding off toward the end. The movie does not fit as a romantic comedy. The chemistry between the main characters is lacking and as far as the comedy goes...well there wasn't much. So if you are looking for a romantic comedy, I say look elsewhere. If you want a movie you can watch and step away from every now and then while doing your chores or other errands, this is the one to do it with.
There are no real thrills in this movie and the missing storyline leaves you kind of empty and disappointed at the end of the movie. The plot is so weak, that it is not worth calling a horrormovie and the fact there are no boundaries makes it even more lousy. There where so many unexplained things happening (e.g. why is all the "souls" locked in one room?). It seemed like an okay movie at first, when they showed the black/white clips, but after that it went downhill and hit the bottom hard. My overall rating of this movie is lower than "Scream 1+2" and "I know what you did last summer" (and believe me, they rated really low!).
This movie got a sad fame, when it was rumored both the two main actors (Wayne and Hayward) and the director initiated their cancers from the work in the New Mexico Desert Fall Out area. If it's true or not, it would seem to be a way too hard punishment for making this movie, however only by a small margin. The story of Gengiz Khan given by Wayne is terrible, almost like him watching Jesus being crucified in the "Greatest Story every told". His only costumes fully fitting him was the Cowboy dress of any kind and the Uniforms of any kind, land, sea or air. It's only digestible if you take it as the Kitsch it is.
(sigh) Another bad film from Albert Pyun... I've seen "Blast" , "Mean Guns" , "Nemesis 3" , "Crazy Six" and "Post Mortem" before "Ticker" and I have to say that all of them are bad. It's shame to see Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper in this junk... The plot is awful and the budget must have been small, because the police station looks incredibly small. Well... this movie is bad and I hope that it doesn't ruin Sizemore's and Hopper's career. Steven Seagal is lame as always, but I can't decide which is worser "The Patriot" or "Ticker". I'm glad that I didn't rent this...I watched it from Satellite channel. * star out of *****
A passable but essentially hum-drum action movie. Usually a title like this indicates that we will be able to view a fabulous collection of Chinese knick-knacks or see a group of our favourite uncredited Chinese actors and actresses milling around on a sound-stage, but, alas, "Shadows of the Orient" features only a short Chinese gambling sequence (fascinating but brief) and the ho-hum assortment of items in a rich man's collecion of orientalia, none of which are clearly seen on camera. After that it is bi-planes to Mexico and a lot of fighting and shooting by sturdy immigration and border patrol types, all Caucasian, with the brief exception of James B. Leong, looking quite dashing as a Chinese immigrant-smuggler.
The photography is beautiful. The actors are attractive and their characters have moments of interest. I enjoyed the first half hour or so of a slowly unfolding story of family conflict, nostalgia for an interrupted youth. Frequent flashbacks enlivened the development of the backstory. However, the slow unfolding became a plodding march from incident to incident more akin to the animation of a bulleted list than the representation of a maturing person. The acting and cinematography talent are wasted on an overly long, contrived, unbelievable and trite plot. The writing is wooden to the point of embarrassment. My wife summed it up: This is the movie equivalent of a Good Housekeeping novel, in the worst sense.
If you like movies with no discernible plot, with protagonists you don't care about, that leave you wanting to slit your wrists, by all means watch this! I gave it 3 stars because at least it was somewhat original in terms of visuals and had a surprise ending. But seriously, I have never had a movie with no real plot make me feel so depressed. It was horrifying, but not in the sense that you WANT in a horror movie. Word of caution - if you have ever had an abortion, had a fetus die or have any sensitivity to this topic, don't watch this movie, as it has some REALLY disgusting and emotionally sickening images/themes.
This movie's known more commonly as AXE, but I suppose the more official title would be LISA, LISA. Even though it's only 68 minutes long it felt much longer. It begins with a group of criminals in suits and ties who beat what appears to be an associate of there's to death and then go out and terrorize a female clerk at a convenience store. Of course, they get tired and have to rest, so they take over the home of a young girl and her paralyzed grandfather, with predictable mayhem to follow. This is another entry in the LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT sweepstakes, but the pacing is slow and the payoff not really worth the effort.
Indeed people should generally not wait for the same thing if it comes, say, from Hollywood or Europe. In the case of "Love Affair" people should watch opera rather than this genre -- I highly recommend "Carmen" with Julia Miguenes-Johnson and Placido Domingo (1984) -- the epitome of a love affair as immortal as always! Titles chosen by the movie industry have -- alas! -- transcended good taste, and with it, semantic borders: maybe simply by following the pattern of our modern lives where the element of surprise has been discarded and replaced by circadian and pecuniary worries. Comparing Cary Grant to Warren Beatty (in terms of this being a remake) is like putting Berlioz next to Madonna!
Don't expect this to resemble anything like the novel. In all, its a pretty B grade series with the worst CGI I've ever seen in my life and one wonders, if one cannot take the dinos seriously due to how unconvincing they look, then why watch the series at all? The inclusion of one busty and scantily clad woman and some partial nudity involving Rachel Blakely are perhaps reasons to to see this but if they've thrown these in on purpose, it would seem that they themselves don't take this series very seriously. The story lines are perhaps passable and decent but this series is no great shakes by itself and the CGI dinos don't show that frequently.
This show is probably one of the worst shows I've seen on the network. I have begun to even avoid its commercials because I still am astonished how its been on TV so long. This show is probably the worst thing I've seen in a decade. When I say bad... I MEAN BAD. The things done are mostly scripted and very repetitive. All there is, is riots and people beating other people up. I just don't understand how this show was even thought about putting it on air, because its just so bad. It's completely ridiculous. Out of 5 stars *****, I don't think I would even give it a star. At all costs. Avoid this show.
I hate Frasier. It is without a doubt the most annoying sitcom ever made. It is proof that a spin off series can never work. Cheers was good and didn't deserve to have Frasier besmirch its memory. I hate it when American sitcoms show characters who have such an easy life. I know sitcoms don't have to be ultra realistic, but come on, no one is like Frasier or Niles. And what the hell is up with Daphne? I've been to Manchester and no Mancunian sounds like her. And she is nothing like any English person who ever lived. The only good character is Eddie the dog. He should have had a series to himself.
It was one major pus-filled cliché. Indiana Jones, Hellboy, Men In Black, Lara Croft Tomb Raider (video game and movie) The Medalion, Monk, Witchblade, Kill Bill (with the music that played when the two girls started fighting,) Lord of the Rings, and countless of other films were constantly being ripped off by this piece of crap. It was beyond a waste of time. Also, if they were going to make a film based around facts and place them into fictional environments, get them right. Why is there snow on top of the mountains in Brazil and Mayans were never in South America; it was the Incas that inhabited that area. The Mayans inhabited Central America and southern Mexico
This Charles Marquis Warren-directed western might be OK if the constant background music would let up for five minutes. Elvis Presley seemed like a nice man, but he could not act and this film's aimless storyline doesn't help as everyone in the movie wanders around for 98 minutes yelling about one thing or another. This was another movie that was supposed to represent Elvis' transition to that of 'serious actor' (the first was 'Flaming Star', 1960), but he just couldn't hack it. Ina Balin co-stars for better or worse while Victor French ('Mr. Edwards' on Little House on the Prairie) does his best to spark some vinegar into the proceedings. Plays like an episode of 'Gunsmoke'.
I have no words to describe my experience! It's awful, cheap, boring, clichéd comedy (was it really comedy??)! In my opinion, 2005 has been a wonderful movie year for Bollywood with many good movies! But this one is a shame on this year! This movie probably belonged to 1980's, a tasteless decade in Indian cinema! In some news, I read Shaadi No 1 is last of David Dhawan's comedy! If that is really true (and not a publicity gimmick), I'll be the happiest! I have never seen such bad acting in recent times! Script, Screenplay, Music, Direction, Cinematography... if there is a filmfare award for worst movies, this movie will get at least a dozen award !
I honestly don't see how so many people thought this is a worthwhile children's show. My daughter refuses to watch it (she's 2) and I couldn't be happier. It's so annoying, the story lines are idiotic, the voices are cloying and awful ... If it disappeared tomorrow, I wouldn't miss it. I just don't understand why the animals whine all the time, and are so afraid all the time, and just so under-your-skin pests all the time. I can't believe there are only two of us who've posted negative reviews. The others have to be employed by the show or something. It doesn't teach anything useful, it's not entertaining or funny ... It's a waste of 24 minutes.
This is the most idiot and meaningless zombie movie I've ever seen. Pet Sematary I is a horror classic, but this is an A-bomb. The characters' depth is non-existent, the movie is boring, the kid is boring, the bully is ridiculous and the sheriff was a zombie before he was dead. You begin to hope for some postal worker to assault and destroy that town. But no, probably even the postal workers of that town are boring. The violence is gratuitous, not funny, and the final credits sequence with the faces of the people who died almost made me puke. That was the final blow: I lied catatonic over the couch, in true disbelief -- DUHHH...
OK this is a low budget movie - but even some low budget movies have good acting. The film "Manticore", for example was low budget but it did stand up because the acting was good. Draculas Curse lacks any descent acting - in many scenes the actors seem unsure of what their next line is which makes me wonder if this film was properly story boarded. The poor screenplay, direction and editing back up my suspicions. The fight scenes were consistent with the general low quality of the film. The story was kind of interesting but is over shadowed by the over all poor quality of the film. Avoid at all costs
Well, I saw this movie was I was quite little... "family" they categorize it. HA! It made me cry and I made my dad turn it off! So I decided to give it another go some almost 20 years later... and its still one of the most disturbing animations I've ever seen (and I've seen quite a few!). Its twisted and depressing, and deals with some rather adult issues (not sex or anything like that, just mature things like loss, death, and infinity) Nevertheless, it is an unusual film with interesting ideas and themes--definitely do NOT recommend for children. If you're looking for something really offbeat, this is it, just be prepared to feel uncomfortable while watching it.
In fact, anyone who saw this silliness, was unscrupulous cheated. Potboiler like this, can be mocked up anyone, and then they collect money for tickets... If every nitwit pay to once see this film - authors get nice cash. I agree with all comments before me - there really can see cheap, poor acting, ugly script, plot and bad directing. As I said - stupid Americans. If you have some time to waste... Yes, I agree with "Don't Bother, 17 January 2009". This is a huge disappointment for everyone, who spend his money to tickets or DVD rent... You must sue "Clay Bros. Motion Pictures" - they had You. Really. (Sorry for my grammar, I use Google translator)
Only being passingly familiar with the story of Ned Kelly, I can say that, on a cinematic basis, this is a pretty good movie. The locations, cinematography and supporting actors are all grittily realistic, in the way that only '60s-'70s- era movies could be. Of course, that still leaves the woefully miscast Jagger. As the larger-than-life rough- hewn bushman Kelly, Mick doesn't come close to cutting it. As an actor, he doesn't cut it. The scene in which he fights off five gaol guards (with a hangover) is silly. And yeah, his beard's silly. The Waylon Jennings soundtrack (and, in response to a previous poster, this was before Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid) is interesting, but inappropriate.
How the hell does this kind of movie end up getting distribution? The script is terrible, the story makes no sense - (rumour has it that Darren Day disappeared two-thirds of the way through realising what a stinker he'd involved himself with). This at least explains his character vanishing without any plot resolution whatsoever. The music is a sort of irritating Michael Nymanesque minimalism seemingly written by a man with no ears. If this was made by a first year student filmmaker it would still be a result of the grossest incompetence. There is no other way of describing this other than an absolute steaming pile of festering dog turd, resting on a catastrophic car pile-up. Avoid.
There is nothing positive I can say about this movie. Third graders at a Thanksgiving play could act better than anyone in this film. Not that the actors were given a plot or any dialogue of any kind to act with. The story is so stupid it insults even the dimmest viewer. The real reason people will watch this movie is to see a monster movie. But the special effects are so bad; the old Godzilla movies with rubber suits are way ahead of Reptilian. The cgi effects are jerky and poorly superimposed. It's like a bad cartoon on top of a bad movie. Save this movie to watch with people you hate. They will suffer.
I'm not a pothead, but I like drug comedies like Grandma's Boy, & Half Baked and thought this would be another goofy pot movie....wow what a piece of crap. I don't think I even smirked once at this movie. I like Anna Faris, Danny Masterson, Adam Brody but the movie was just a waste of film and talent. I mean if it was trying to tell people to not do drugs, good luck with that if they get the audiences' attention quick enough, which it won't. Personally, I don't even think potheads will find this funny at all. I don't know what the director or writers were thinking but, please no more pathetic movies like this.
This movie was utterly obnoxious. All the jokes were trite, slapstick humor and could be seen a mile away. The acting was stilted at best and downright awful at worst. It was overdone both acting wise and in the direction. Not that one would expect greatness from a Jaime Kennedy movie but I thought it would at least be entertaining. Unfortunately, this was not the case. It was the worst movie I have ever sat through at the theater. Had I paid money instead of seeing a special screening I would have demanded a refund after ten minutes. Don't bother spending your money on this film, wait three months, it will be out on cable its that bad.
I found the movie so frustrating, I had to turn it off after about 20 minutes. Examples: High-school-level conversation about insanity between two people who are both supposed to be exceptional mathematicians. Ridiculous back-and-forth between Gwyneth Paltrow and Jake Gyllenhaal where they keep changing attitudes and even personalities. I know it's based on a stage play, but couldn't they calm it down a bit for the screen? Lazy screenplay shorthand for bossy woman: talking on cell phone about china patterns while walking through airport. Grrrr! And finally, what made me shut it off: That insane conversation between Paltrow and Hope Davis, where one thinks the other is hallucinating for no apparent reason.
Agent Dick Steele (Leslie Nielsen) must partner up with Agent Veronique Ukrinsky (Nicollette Sheridan) to stop General Rancor (Andy Griffith) from destroying the world with a nuclear missile hidden in his secret base. So, apart from that, I thought this movie was going to be a funny one. It wasn't, except for Weird Al Yankovic singing the opening theme song, which was quite entertaining. The rest of the film just tries way too hard to be funny which makes the film look really silly, like Police Academy for example (except that had more funny moments but there weren't many). Anyway, to sum this review up, all I can say is just don't bother watching this movie.
Nothing else to watch Saturday June 17, 2006; I'll try this one about a spreading virus; they are usually good. That is not a spoiler, after all, the title is "VIRUS." The screenplay was OK as it progressed until the last reel. Then ... and I will not give any spoiler at all; it just became sort of ... 'cartoon-a-rooney! This is the first bad review that I have given. The ending was so obvious and expected, as it rolled to the conclusion; I was telling my dog what was coming next, but I think he already had guessed. I wish LIFETIME would make movies in Hollywood, where the talent is. Oh well. predic
Watching a movie about four guys visiting microbreweries and drinking and like being the designated driver on a pubcrawl. After ten minutes, you're dying for a beer, yourself. There's simply no point to it and you get nothing out of it. The four beer travellers/drinkers do nothing to movie this movie along. If anything, they slowed it down. You can easily leave half this movie on the cutting room floor and nobody would know the difference. It seems like a student film, or a home movie that was never edited. If you want to learn something about beer, there are plenty of books on Amazon.com to read. If you want to be entertained, your spit out of luck.
Jimeoin is a nameless actor who finds himself as the eternal extra never to play a principle role in a movie. He finds himself caught up with a group of would-be stars all trying to gain a break but none of them are able to do so. I was ready for a good comedy, but was bitterly disappointed. Jimeoin is a great comedian but this smacked of 'try hard' and it just failed. There were a few moments where I laughed out aloud and I recognised several moments of clever humour, but it wasn't enough. I enjoyed spotting the good familiar Aussie actors and scenes around Melbourne. I think you should spend your money seeing something else...
the first one was so cute. not one of the original actors returned for the sequel. it really doesn't even have a plot. there's nothing likable about rickles' mr. Wilson, unlike the walter matthau character in the original. and the dennis character can't hold a candle to the first! the 2 crooks in this are just plain silly. betty white is fine as mr.s Wilson, but we don't even get to know her. and the characters of dennis' parents are so wooden, they could have just used cardboard cutouts instead. the margaret character was just plain silly. i don't even know why they wasted their time to make a sequel. please don't waste your time with this stinker.
I know these movies are supposed to be stupid--but they must always provide marginal entertainment. Unfortunately, this movie is worse than just its formula plot, commodity script, laughably sad production values and stupefying nature (brain cells will be lost). It is a FRAUD. You CANNOT give Bruce Boxleitner and Gremlins-boy billing on the box as the featured actors, and have both of those characters die, complete with perhaps 20 minutes of worthless screen time for both combined. I do not give one Piece of Cr*p about the no-name actresses who become the heroes of the mentally challenged story. The marketers behind this film, and any knowingly involved in this scam should be ashamed--and they owe me money!
could have been great. interesting enough idea. amazing antagonist. some really great camera work/mood. however...it feels like a lock groove. similar scenes playing out time and time again similar camera tricks again and again it tried to be smart just as high tension did (both failed miserably) and is basically a slasher flick again could have been amazing, however...ended up being slow and a bit boring however the moments that deliver really deliver. unfortunately it just doesn't make it at the end of the day.... but it tried...and i want to see more of the 'killer' shame... proceed with caution, but know what you're getting into. it's soaked in mood so...that can be enjoyed at least.
I watch "Fire Sale" at least 3-4 times a year and each time it gets better, very similar to "Where's Poppa", which also demands multiple viewings. While "Where's Poppa" has one extremely funny story line, "Fire Sale" has two. The insurance scam running parallel to the basketball player / adoption are absolutely two of the funniest ideas in any film. My only criticism is that Alan Arkin lets several scenes run on entirely too long. Nevertheless, there are moments of hilarious dark comedy throughout. "And don't forget to put my beer back", measuring a "live corpse", etc. This is one of the greatest comedies ever made, and will achieve instant cult status if ever released on DVD. - MERK
Synopsis: "Na Nan has known best pal Dong Mi and Jung Joon since childhood, and now the trio shares the ups and downs of their turbulent single lives together. But everything turned on end when Dong Mi and Jung Joon end up in bed! Na Nan has a job offer and a marriage proposal from the Charming Soo Heon to consider, and her twenties are fast coming to end. What's the generation of soon-to-getting-older youth to do?" I liked this movie a lot. The plot was light hearted and funny, and characters were well developed and are people you can relate to. Na Nan especially shone light on what it means to be single and fabulous (well, not gracefully).
Clu Gulager is a familiar face as a veteran character actor. I had no idea he had briefly gone in for directing at one time and made this fine short, in the sixties poetic / experimental mode. Note: this short is on the Criterion Collection DVD of "George Washington", evidently because David Gordon Green felt influenced by it. I'm glad it has been retrieved from the archives and made available to viewers of today's independent cinema. Green comments on the painterly visual effects (cinematography by László Kovács!), but the more obvious similarities are thematic: the world of kids in the semi-rural south, and how the world of adults impinges on them (and vice versa here of course).
To this films' credit, I did manage to sit through the whole thing - and there are a couple of interesting "ideas" (discussed more lucidly on the back cover of the video than onscreen) The main problem though is that the acting, suspense, and production values are no better than those of a "Brady Bunch" episode - or any other TV show of that vintage. There were "Stun Gun" shoot-outs (Star Trek?), unbelievable resolutions to events, holes in the plot, and questions left unanswered like: "Why were the girls being killed?" It was watchable but by no means a great movie: "It's the story, of a plastic surgeon, who gave face lifts to some very lovely girls ....."
This Movie is underrated I expected to see the average rating of 7 but instead I see 5.8. I read a comment which claims this movie is bit dull but thats not true. This movie contains action combined with comedy, real comedy only few slapstick ones. This movie me a wise guy will say its very good I'll give it a 5/6 rating its very enjoyable and has great music in it. This is definitely worth watching for anyone that likes action comedy movies. The fight scenes aren't serious they are normal comedy ones you see in the late 90 and early 2000 Jackie Chan movies, but 1 of the Jackie Chans character is hot headed
"Vengo" is a wonderfully alive feast of the flamenco music, dance, and rhythms of the contemporary Andalusia gypsies of Southern Spain built on a ominously rumbling story of a blood feud and death. Not your usual movie fare, "Vengo" divides its time equally between musical ethnic folk singing and dancing from gala festivities to impromptu "jam" sessions to funeral laments while inching the family feud story slowly forward with the kinetic tempos of flamenco rhythms everpresent. More art than entertainment, "Vengo" will appeal most to those into foreign or ethnic films with bold musical underpinnings. Those who enjoy "Vengo" might want to check out "Flamenco (de Carlos Saura)", "Assassination Tango", "Tango, no me dejes nunca", and the like. (B+)
Crime Wave - Excellent 1952 crime thriller directed by Andre De Toth.This 73 minute movie moves at an excellent pace from beginning to end- with a superb cast of noir stalwarts - starring Sterling Hayden as the toothpick chewing homocide detective,Ted de Corsia,Ned Young(screenwriter of Decoy) & Charles Bronson as a trio of San Quinten escapees and the scenery chewing Timothy Carey providing the hideout for the thugs.Shot on location in Los Angeles this movie has so many great shots and the usage of light and shadow mixed with terse dialogue make this a movie worth owning.The DVD has a 5 minute featurette and a fun commentary by LA Confidential scribe James Ellroy and noir buff Eddie Muller. A
This movie reminds me of a painting. The opening shot of the film is one of the best i've ever seen, and the emotion this film creates throughout if you open yourself, is something few movies can do. The story wasn't anything great, but the storytelling, WOW! The director manages to get the right amount of energy and tone from his actors without it becoming boring or melodramatic. Instead I believed what I was watching. The closest surreal experience I can compare this to is with something like the "Exorcist" or "Being There" or some aspects of "Wonder Boys." In other words the director/film makes you feel cold and confused at times, but never really loses you or me.
There is nothing to like about this movie. Even the much talked about sex scenes start to get boring, since they are so gratuitous and repetitive. The film is poorly scripted and none of the psychological reactions of the characters ring true. No one could take seriously the character of Lorenzo the novelist who writes such juvenile autobiographical stories. And what about the plot holes and loose ends? Why the hell does the family dog suddenly attack the young girl, with whom it had lived for years? What purpose does it serve to leave open the fate of the babysitter, her mother and Carlos (who literally disappears down a hole)? The movie tries to be deep, but fails embarrassingly.
Wow - so many comments for a foreign film! This film is not for everyone - like most foreign films - and by it's title, you can assume that there's a good chance that there's quite a bit of sexual content in it, so I'm not sure why anyone would criticize it for that. Anyway, this is by far one of the better films I've seen recently, and it's not really about sex, but about the relationship Lucia has with her boyfriend and the crisis he is going through. The story line is totally unpredictable, which is the beauty of it. If you liked Kieslowski's trilogy (Blue - white - red), you should like this film. Highly recommended.
Now this is one of the worst films i've ever seen. The best way to explain why, it's as simples as this: The director is an amateur, the actors are amateurs, the script is amateur...the entire team has no clue of what a movie is. So, you can notice that the director wanted to create a horror movie, but turned out to be a comedy. I really laughed at some scenes, not because of comedy content, but because of the stupidity of some scenes that should be frightening. I would have vote 1 out of 10 but i voted 2 because of this involuntary comedy factor that is present. Don't waste time of your precious lives watching this movie.
Whomever filmed this to leave a meerkat dead when they obviously were there filming it and could have saved it is not an animal lover in my opinion. This disturbed me and I think you should rethink your filming process! Obviously you were there you filmed it. I thought this was in bad taste and then you want people to sponsor all of this. Why so you can film another helpless animal dying in the sun. They may have a tough time of it but obviously greedy filmmakers are no help. Why don't you make slasher movies it suits your personality better. I can't even believe animal planet would be "down with this" and show it. Poor Poor Taste!
I read about half of the reviews and I think my opinion falls in line with about half of the crowd. This movie was one of the best Chris Farley physical style comedies that I had seen in awhile. If you don't like Chris Farley, of course you won't like the movie. If you try to take this movie too seriously, you won't like the movie. If you just want to sit back and get a few laughs, then you SHOULD like the movie. I still laugh the most at the eagle scenes. That is just pure lame comedy at it's best. That scene and the rest of the movie never get old after watching it numerous times.
For a nation that trades in kitchen sink dramas, British cinema seemed appropriately all washed-up by the end of the 1990s  until young West Midlands director Shane Meadows burst out of the traps with the vibrant Twenty Four Seven and A Room For Romeo Brass. And this: one of the bleakest, most eviscerating films to ever come from these shores, in which Parry Considine, in a career-defining role, plays a homecoming squaddie intent on avenging a little brother who suffered at the hands of some small town yokels. The critics (what do they know?) call This Is England Meadows' masterpiece. They're wrong: this is. Brilliantly acted, edited and scored  with an ending that will leave you shattered.
The series are mediocre. Director's work is just invisible - good actors play well and not-so-good actors play not-so-well. Camera is static, special effects are cheap. The Cat Behemot is just a joke. Rimsky is not supposed to be a clown as shown. New character played by Gaft is added for a very obvious reason - to educate new generations who cannot read between lines in the book. But what is more important - the series are missing Bulgakov's spirit and sour sense of humor. Only scenes that are supposed to be serious and sad look attractive. Clearly the series are made for people who have never read the book. I agree with the previous reviewer - very disappointing.
I know the book by heart, and this mini-series is incredibly close, it's practically word-for-word; they've omitted several small non-essential scenes, made a couple beautiful, logical additions, and otherwise changed perhaps a dozen words or so. Almost all the scenes are exactly as I had always imagined them; casting is incredible (except for the awful, miserable Pilate - regret of a small, cowardly man is never as tragic as that of a strong man). Joshua is beyond words - seeing... Him gives you shivers, never before has there been such a portrayal of Jesus in cinema. Woland is breathtaking, down to the voice. The final scene of Woland contemplating the city from above is like a Goya painting.
The film is a wonderful portrayal of a dark triangle involving identical twins who form an elegant acrobatic circus act and eventually seek revenge on an unfaithful women. They plan a "perfect crime" on which the film turns. I have not seen the film in about 50 years. It used to show up on local TV quite frequently in the 50's but seems to have disappeared and unjustly so. I only hope it still exists? If it is available I do urge it's viewing. Lom plays the dual role of the twin brothers and this , in itself , is cleverly handled. The O'Henry like ending is affecting and again gives the film a further degree of individuality.
I really liked this version of Show Boat. Some people negatively compare Ava Gardner with Helen Morgan, who played Julie in the 1936 film version as well as on Broadway, but I think Miss Gardner was fantastic. Her scene in the dressing room when she realizes Magnolia is on stage singing "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" was truly heartbreaking, especially when she starts drinking. Her "Bill" was also really quite moving (although dubbed by Annette Warren,) especially when she acknowledges that her ring finger no longer has a wedding ring on it. The 1936 version of the film is a real gem and should not be missed for Show Boat fans, but this version should not be dismissed either!
It took me back to a time of best friends and unlimited opportunities, where the world lay at your feet waiting for you to decide what you wanted to do and where you wanted to go. A time of youth and innocence when the realities of life were still on the distant horizon. A time when your desire for something more in life made you leave the security of friends and family and race to that distant horizon and beyond, to embrace all the possibilities and make them your own. Well written and well shot, it definitely evoked the pace and feeling of growing up in small town America without sugar coating the experience. I loved it.
Great film.......I laughed, I cried and I've done a lot of thinking and reminiscing since seeing it. I think anyone can relate to this film about coming of age. It brought me back to a time in my life when people would constantly tell me "these are the best times of your life" when actually I thought they were some of the most confusing and difficult times! Yet some of the things we hated as kids we tend to spend our adult life trying to recapture. I recommend this film to anyone.....especially anyone who loved where they came from but couldn't wait to grow up and move on. Go see this film and enjoy!!!
This was an excellent movie. I can never forget how I felt when I first saw Tupac as an actor; it completely blew me away. The role he played was definitely convincing, it left me terrified and mesmerized at the same time. I believe this movie was definitely a chilling reality about the ghetto's pride in respect and power. When your living in the ghetto, society automatically paints you out to be a low class individual, but this film brought to life the quest of 4 young men who wanted a name for themselves and did not just want to be another statistic or face in the crowd. Unfortunately the end of their journey left them as another statistic.
I just saw Matando Cabos. I have sent emails alerting my friends to see it before it leaves movie houses here in Phoenix. Familiarity with Mexico and its modern culture are a bonus but not requisite to liking this movie. Previous IMDb comments unfairly compare it to Pulp Fiction. There are very few films that could be so measured. The small audience here laughed out loud throughout. I laughed to the point of tears. This is not a "classic" and gets no 10 rating from me, as would Pulp Fiction. This is, however, the funniest film I have seen all year. It made me wish my Spanish were better, I'd bet this is even funnier than the subtitles present.
As an electrician, the final resolution for the posed problem is not just beyond possibility... It's beyond reasoning and certainly not plausible except to the most uneducated or jaded viewer. And to partially blame the hybrid hopper on Australia! Who writes this stuff? The premise, while fantastic, could have been much better executed. For all intents it appears that the writers have taken their 90 minutes of screen time, built their story (albeit thin), executed the major plot points (how did the bugs survive the truck on the airfield tarmac?) and then tried to coast home on some pitifully thin technical excuse for a solution. Thank goodness for weather balloons, silver streamers & diverted voltage!!! Give me a break.
Saw this at the Dead by Dawn film festival in Edinburgh and it was the best short film screened there this year in my opinion. Essentially this is a one man show with Scott Graham alone with an evil mirror for much of the running time. While this doesn't sound particularly exciting, this growing feeling of paranoia and the increasing madness of the lone character propel the story. Keep an eye on the video monitors that have been set up for the experiment, it's a small but very creepy touch. Oculus is part 3 of a 9 part story. If Mike Flanagan can keep up this level of invention then I look forward to further entries.
If you understand it you'll love it! Not a film for those wanting to be spoon fed. At first look it's "Egads not that kind of stuff again!" But it's much more than Mememto, Butterfly Effect, Dead End, Sixth Sense or other great movie of (similar?) "paranormal" genre. This is truly original and is probably closer to only one of the above mentioned movies. But to say which one would spoil it. I really didn't want to write a review and certainly it's hard to get in ten lines, but the low reviews given previously may have been from those who did-not understand the movie. You "gotta" have brains to enjoy this movie!
I love this movie, and in re-watching it again I was impressed by Allison Forster's performance as Madeline. However, in looking on the internet, this appears to be her only work. Does anyone know what became of her? I would have hoped that someone that talented would have moved on, but I found nothing. This movie is a gem. I try to watch it once a year because it brings back long-forgotten memories of what it was like to ask for your first date, the awkwardness of the first kiss, and the whole new dimension of relating to the opposite sex. Thanks for any information you have on Allison, if only I had had a sister like that... davidjanmellinger@yahoo.com
Curious, seeing this after the smash hits of "Todo Sobre Mi Madre" and "Hable con Ella", because this movie sort of prepared the viewers to what was coming. Grabbing a solid and original story, Pedro Almodovar creates a movie that revolves around a strange set of characters, and on the process gives an excellent essay on the effect time has on people's lives. All the actors are top notch, specially the commanding Javier Bardem, who would later become an Oscar nominee with "Before Night Falls". Great music, cinematography and direction give this movie an even more satisfying look, and make this a well-achieved movie that ends up being the first part of an unofficial trilogy of Almodovar's best works.
Hey senor! The 80's were and will be one of the best decades,if not the BEST century in the history of this pathetic planet. The movies were good, the music was good, the environment was good,life was less fast paced and more relaxed and definitely they don't make greats like Buddy and Terry anymore!! Nowadays movies are filled with gory and mindless violence and inane predictable computer graphics. Why even a 2 yr old kid can make a movie these days. There does not appear to be any creativity in todays movies. I grew up in the 80's and I must say i thoroughly enjoyed a lot. There were many good themes to choose from unlike todays vapid fare!!
This film is one of the great Hollywood films yet so few have ever heard of. Not only does it rate with Douglas Sirk's better known films ("Magnificent Obsession," "All that Heaven Allows," and "Imitation of Life), but is as much a devastating a critique of the American Dream as other fifties movies like "Bigger Than Life." And unlike many melodramas which center on the emotional isolation and turmoil of the central female character, this one analyzes the pain of the main male figure (Fred MacMurray). The film's acting, direction, and script have a precision so well thought out that the effect--both at any given moment and overall --is absolutely astonishing. An incredible film crying out to be rediscovered.
I loved this movie. **** Spoilers below ************ It has the the supernatural going on all around while no one can see it. Is it really happening or are they hallucinating? A priest with a number running around high on LSD and virgin's blood. The play on all the popular satanic subcultures was funny. A priest, trying to do evil like an amateur and then getting beat up at a death metal show. Drug guzzling death metal loser who lives with his mom saving him at every turn, not to save the world, just hanging with his new pal. It made me laugh while keeping me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
I'm a filmmaker and I was amazed at how they put this movie together with the chimps. I've done one very short short called "Giant Mice From Outer Space" (youtube and veoh) with cats, ducks, dogs and deer and it took forever. The cinematography is perfect. The performances were very good considering this was tongue in cheek. I particularly liked Robbie Benson's performance. This is a great movie kids will love and I suspect the low score here may be due to animal activists who feel chimps should not snowboard. Parents should just be warned that you kid(s) will probably say, "Can I get a snowboard momma? It can't be hard monkeys can do it."
Zombies, rabid canines, bad acting, oh my!! Another example of Hollywood taking a do-able script and running it through the meat grinder. I can't believe that people would show up to the premier of a film like this and take credit for being in it; much less be proud of the film. There were however some cool effects, made me leave hoping that artificial intelligence remains just an idea. Does make you wonder what goes on at our secret government labs??? This film is a rental, save your $$$ and wait till it comes out on video, that way at least you can drink a beer on your couch while you ponder actors getting paid to act this bad....
The director was genius! I loved the music and the actors were so great! Kate Maberly really did a great job, as did Maggie Smith and Laura Crossly! I also noticed how Mary's dresses changed along with how she progressed with her attitude. They got brighter and prettier, than just "Black, Black or Black". I also really LOVED the music, Zbignew Preisner's music fit the movie SO well, and I LOVED IT!!! The movie had some scary parts in it, too! Like when she went at night to find Colin, the music and the camera-work and that scary blanket with the ugly boy on it covering Colin's room gave it an eerie kind of vibe. I love this movie!!!
Every man should watch this film, it is a Polanski masterpiece. The parts are wonderfully played and the script is menacingly accurate. Why it didn't get greater exposure at the time or since baffles me, particularly as two of the principle characters have since become "famous" , Hugh Grant and Kristan Scott Thomas. Most men will empathise with the morality or lack of in this confused relationship between an older man obsessed with his sexual object in the form of the stunning French actress, and her adoration for him. The haunting reality is that for so many the lack of depth in a relationship is frightening once the sexual desire diminishes. An awesome film 10 out of 10.
Based on a true story, eleven members of a women's institute group decide to pose nude for a rather untraditional annual calendar to raise money for charity. With an all star cast lead by Helen Mirren and Julie Walters, we go on a journey through the ridicule and resistance that the ladies had to endure to achieve this amazing feat, which ultimately raised millions. Calendar Girls is brilliantly performed and directed, and it has many heart wrenching tales that lie beneath the main story, each pertaining to the girls own reasons and drives to fight for what eventually became a mammoth success. Heart Warming, Funny, Charming and Entertaining, undoubtedly a winner on every level. 8/10
It is not a laugh a minute comedy there are some funny moments but the film really is about ordinary women in their fifties trying to do some charity work by doing the extraordinary i.e. posing nude to sell calendars. The scenes where they stripped off was very tastefully executed and the actresses concerned are very attractive despite their mature years. It was interesting to watch the effects on their lives after the publicity and this is something which The Full Monty did not touch on. I loved the film and want to buy it when it comes out on DVD. I gave it 9 out of 10 and would recommend my friends to go and see it.
I absolutely love this movie, but am unable to find it anywhere on VHS or DVD. I watched this movie years ago. It had two endings. The first ending has the people at the end being attacked by the Aunt's cats. They knew the bad intentions of the evil nephew. I love cats, horror, and this movie. It is suspenseful all the way through it. Great movie for us oldies who love suspense and horror. Today's scary movies are all blood and guts, and repetitive. In the old days, one movie stood out from others-like this one. My hope is that I can find a station that is willing to show this movie again. Great, great, great.
one of the best movies i seen. a different angle of love and and the effects of lack of trust and not being honest are portrayed very well. Simbhu is at his best in this movie. Wonderful music, all melodies, modern and folk are really good. i read few comments above which sounded like written by Simbhu haters. but i believe this movie is definitely watchable and worth spending money or time on it. after all, it is a Hit and most of the Tamil people like it. this movie made Simbhu really famous. He proved that he got skills. very nice direction. proper utilization of characters. no extras like unnecessary fights or unnecessary songs.
I find that it is a good animation movie. This a comedy and drama animation. The music was very good, and the drawings are well drawn, especially when they are made with the hand. It is a film which makes reflect on the good to be company. The whole, it does not have there a scene of violence like the majority of the American and Japanese animation. The main character is a trouble maker but he has a good heart.People will cry after seeing this animation. I recommend to all to look at, even to the children, although it is sad and too heavy for them, because it is an example to be followed for all, children and adults.
I thought it was a good movie. I've watched it several times and I keep noticing things I have not seen before. I know people just like Nora, played excellently by Coleen. Her facial expressions speak as loudly as the dialog. Jeff Morrow as Hack was also great casting. He knows that when he is condemned to die that it was useless to protest. Strorther Martin also added a bit of humor. I think it was courageous of Hollywood in 1957 so make a film with such an overtly religious theme. I doubt it would pass today, where everything stresses the insignigicence of life. Every time I see the movie, it becomes more and more real. A great movie.
I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed this film. It's so rare to find a good sci-fi type thriller. It seems like all the scary movies these days cater to the lowest common denominator, doing fast cuts, lots of gore. I enjoyed the creepy pacing and the smart story. There were a few groaner moments, of the "oh, that was very convenient" kind, and it's clear that this was a low-budget movie. But overall it had a very smart plot, with solid acting, and a nice creepy tone. A fun find! I wouldn't recommend this to the horror gore-hounds, but if you're looking for a smart, thriller type of movie, this is a good one.
Four British actors in pursuit of the increasingly evanescent formula that gave us four weddings. It's made enjoyable by the elan of the actors who are, in general, used to doing more weighty things. The big surprise is Ray Winstone, a foggy character who fulfils the role of a shrink, listening to Joe Fiennes whining. Nick Hamm keeps it moving along though, weaving the relationship threads together competently enough whilst Hollander and Sewell give pat representations of their character-tropes. Joe Fiennes is rather good in this sort of genre but I liked Monica Potter best of all, the American chick stuck on the end of the hook for the big US theatre going fish. Unremarkable but inoffensive. 4/10
This movie didn't make a lot of sense but if you pay attention you'll understand the ending. Most people cannot do this because they are to slow to keep up with the Bachelor and Survivor reality shows. I'm sick of reading people comment and rave about sorry movies like Spiderman and rip independent horror movies like this. There are a few twists so if you get lost while watching Weakest Link avoid this. To me it doesn't get better than this. I like independent movies and I like horror movies but any movie that has Jeffrey Combs, Seth Green and Alice Cooper is my kind of movie. Definitely rent this is if you are a fan of Jeffrey Combs.
I actually saw this movie as a child of about 10, and I loved how absolutely scary it was. I must say, that I wouldn't recommend that very young viewers are allowed to see it, as it could terrify and leave lasting fears in them. This is a very dark, very desperate movie, not to be missed. The acting is extremely accomplished, especially considering the ages of most of the cast. Lighting is used extremely effectively, making the viewer wonder what is coming next, or perhaps what might be being missed that might be essential. This movie still sticks in my mind 36 years later as one of the most effective dramas I've seen.
By Far The WORST Lonesome Dove Movie Ever .....Young Mexican Is Killing People. Mcall Is Hired TO Go To Mexico To Kill Him. The Boy Shoots Mcall In The Leg And It Has To Be Cut Off. The People In The Village Kill The Boy . THE END. My Copy Is Going Straight In The Bin I Could Not Watch That Load Of Rubbish Again.....Top Myself First....BORING BORING BORING YAWN ZZZzzzzzzzz. There Are 2 Episodes On The First Disc ,The Second Episode Is A Bit Hard To Find Bet There Are People Out There Who Have Not Seen Episode 2 ,LUCKY THEM. Don't Bother Watching This........ Cant Believe That Anybody Rates This Movie Trust Me Its Rubbish..
The Attic Expeditions is filled with symbolism and hidden meanings. Each backdrop, costume, and film angle enhances the story-line of this rich film. It has a taste of everything from a slasher's gore to a drama's character conflict, all wrapped up in a web of instability and confusion that would make Hitchcock proud. From the moment the film started to its final scene, The Attic Expeditions had my rapt attention. I still see its scenes playing back in my mind as I try to wrap my thoughts around the plot. Finally, a horror movie in the classic tradition of unsettling fear that stays with you for months after you see the film. I can't wait to see it again.
first of all I would like to say I thought the movie was hilarious and it's one of my favorite movies today. I think critics are taking this movie way to seriously ...its a movie a comedy made for laughter and ones personal enjoyment don't come on here bashing it and saying rude things just because you didn't like it...frankly, I really don't care if you liked it or not because it was a good silly laugh out loud movie...my friends and I still quote this movie and laugh about the crazy scenes If people just want a feel good movie that'll make you laugh and give you and your friends something to do this movie is perfect... Chyna*
I was offered a ticket to a screener last Wednesday, and when I heard Don Cheatle was in it, couldn't pass it by. I am not a huge fan of action/suspense/spy movies, but this one was a cut above the normal. It was more intelligent, and delved a bit into motivations, beliefs, etc. of terrorists. I went into the movie cold, with no idea of the plot, and I recommend that. Most write ups I have read give away too much of the twists in the plot, which I was glad I didn't know beforehand. Don Cheatle was excellent, and so was Saïd Taghmaoui. It was also refreshing to see Hollywood recognizing the breadth of Muslim philosophy for once!
This film has a couple of shortcomings with plot, particularly the neat ending, and there seemed to be some difficulty with the continuity of locations (the family house, for instance). However, it is definitely worth watching for the performances. Tracy McMahon plays a small role at the beginning of the movie with utter conviction, flawlessly transforming from confident undergrad to crushed patient in a classroom demonstration. Andy Garcia is convincing as the haunted psychologist and superb as the grieving father, so much so that it makes for hard viewing. There's no greater pain than the loss of one's child, and Garcia conveys this with heartrending conviction. Not a film to watch alone if you have ever lost a child.
This movie proves that you don't need a high dollar cast and/or special effects, violence or sex to make a good film. This had none of those things, yet it held my attention by the actors' performances and the silence that was there, between the lines, so to speak. The attention to detail in minor points was also evident. After watching this film, I think I should look at other films produced by this team of dream makers. At one point, I commented to my viewing companion that this movie had the feel of an older David Lynch production right down to the music, i.e. Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks. Thank you Mr. Hughes for such a delightful movie.
With El Colombian Dream, Felipe Aljure has once again been able to break paradigms as he has demonstrated that it is possible to produce and direct Colombian cinema on a par with any internationally produced film. Tarantino's, Jean-Pierre Jeunet's (Amelie) and the influence of other well-known directors are somehow present in this movie. If you want to see a cruel, black-humored critique of a dreadful aspect of Colombian society, watch this movie. Worth mentioning as well are the actors and actresses that make the cast of the film, virtually unknown in Colombia, but with a great potential to become Colombia's next generation of exportable talent. Trivia fact: the twins were chosen for the six-fingered foot of one of them.
This is a classic movie. We have breakthrough films like Snow White and Fantasia, and we have other greats like Aladdin and The Lion King, but this definitely tops them all. There is so much here that is missing in other Disney classics. This film has emotion, incredible music and animation, characters that you admire, laugh at, and despise. This movie is a fun ride from beginning to end. We can all relate with the suffering of the Beast (being an outsider), and we all know a Gaston in our lives. The way we can identify with the characters sucks us into the story. Don't miss this classic...the only animated film to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.
I love that UNLIKE movies like "Snow White" and "Sleeping Beauty," the main characters in this movie don't fall in love by first glance. They get to know each other and fall in love gradually. Not like in "Snow White" where Snow White and Prince Charming fall in love because they both think that the other is hot. That sort of thing doesn't happen in real life, if someone in real life loved someone else without even knowing their name. I'de feel really, really, really bad for that couple. And the movie has great music and songs, most of the characters are lovable. And it's just a great movie. It's definitely a Disney classic that you have to watch.
I've just finished watching this film, which I've been wanting to see for years and I was impressed without being overwhelmed. Wallace Beery's not bad (though a bit stilted) in the leading role; he's better than Irene Rich, playing his ex-wife, who throws herself around the screen, swooning from sofa to sofa in a totally over-acted performance. However, it's Jackie Cooper who steals the show with a portrayal which manages to be both heart-rending and realistic. I know the concept of "real sound" is a disputable one, as sounding real on screen may just entail being a good actor, rather than a realistic one, but nonetheless he does seem far more genuine than the rest of the cast. 8/10.
This movie is a lot like the movies High Tension, and Creep. It revolves around a lighthouse with a killer on the loose, knocking off every few minutes one more casualty. Although the story is nothing original, the writing, and directing are top-notch and worthy. The movie looks, and feels like a high-budget, blockbuster movie. From my Country of Origin, this movie has a very thrilling and is one of the best slasher films I have ever seen. This is the first lighthouse type movie I have ever seen, and I think it will remain the best for a while (in my perspective!). For the overall work and amazing atmosphere, I give this movie a cheering 9/10.
The immense talent of Meryl Streep and some amazing body special effects are not enough to save this movie of being totally idiotic and a huge bore. The story is stupidly told even for a fantastic comedy and lacks a lot of real imagination. The gags shown along the movie are not funny at all. The final scene is so silly that almost makes you cry with despair. We can only regret that Miss Streep's talent is wasted in such a crap movie. But in fact this story of living dead could have been much better filmed in the hands of more talented director than Robert Zemeckis of whom I can't remember having seen any good movie till now.
As a retired Christian minister, I have perhaps a different view of the movie than some of the other reviewers. I felt that Laforgue,the Jesuit Priest, showed amazing courage to undertake his mission under the most difficult of circumstances. Director Bruce Beresford has addressed the issues of clashing cultures in several of his other films: Driving Miss Daisy, Mr. Johnson for example. And he presents the complexities of culture anew in this film. I was struck by the absolute beauty of Québec and the film's cinematography. Back to Laforgue for a moment: here is a protagonist that accomplishes his mission with wisdom, intellegence, prayer, dependence upon his faith, lack of violence, and persverance.
This film is overrated, yes. The actors do properly their work, it's true, but the script and the realization are poor. The most of the times the story becomes unbelievable, and I miss dramatism. An example is the suicide of Cecilia Roth, I can't believe a suicide like that, so cold and nor impulsive. And the dialogues are pedant, in situations like the related ones no one can't talk like that. I'm not agree with people that blame Juan Diego Botto, in my humble opinion is the best actor in the film, but his labour and the labour of the rest of the crew is not enough to get a good film. I can only rate 2 over 10.
Such a shame that this program was canceled mid-season. It was a great chick series! Such a romantic series with a lady lawyer and a policeman husband. The families were Catholic and very close. It was sort of a step-back in time for those of who remember when families were close and shared Sunday dinners along with great conversation around the dinner table. The acting was really great and the young couple seemed so natural and true. Did anyone else out there ever see this program besides me? I always seem to get hooked on programs that are canceled early on in the season and I know it is because I am the only one who watches the show.
some rainy, cold, day in 2001, a group of movie makers got together and started talking about what good movies they have ideas of. the only problem was, that it was at a bar. after about 2 hours they were all insanely drunk. then they started naming ideas, like, hey! lets have terrible acting in a movie! another one said, yeah! and tons of forced unfunny humor! another said, no movie would be complete w/o decent acting! then last off, another one said,"and lets tie it all together w/ a storyline that makes no sense and is embarrassingly dumb! they all combined their ideas and made, "The Master of Disguise" and it was everything they hoped it would be.
This was my first experience of Dennis Potter. Subsequently I find he used similar themes in other works, notably the Singing Detective. Though that work is terrific, I find Karaoke and its sequel Cold Lazarus to be the total package. I am yet to see anything on the small screen which comes close to them. The incomparable Albert Finney leading a strong supporting cast, tight direction and a fascinating story. The characters are so believable, and ironically (as Potter was dying when he wrote this) they are mostly likable despite their many flaws. It is hard to find anyone likable in the Singing Detective My only question is why has the Beeb Beeb Ceeb not released this on DVD?
I caught this film on Turner Classic Movies and it kept my interest throughout the entire movie. It was my first viewing of an Italian postwar piece, and I was quite impressed. The only noted actor in the film was Steiger, and his performance certainly was not his best, but the movie was still very good. Overall, I thought that it reflected the futility of war through the struggles of these three characters very well, inserting comedy where appropriate. The Soldier and the Girl had several great, very funny scenes interacting with each other, and the comedy of the movie, though hard to place in a somewhat depressing war movie, actually worked very well. A hard-to-find but worthy film.
Ignore the people drinking the Hatorade, this show is so quotable it almost hurts. I can't believe I missed it the first time around. Philby, you need to define your love of "British comedy". I mean, you end you end your critique with a bastardisation of a worn out catch phrase from an unfunny commercial by Telstra (the equivalent of British Telecom), and as such I advise readers to take such opinions with a grain of salt. The comedy writing here is top notch. As for comparisons with The Office or the Boosh, the fact that Steve and Julian appear in episodes might lead one to think that they were fans of the show as well, yes?
I can't help but love this movie, its just so entertaining.Lindsey Lohan is so cute, and fun in this movie.Even Tyra Banks is good in this as Eve the doll that magically came back to life.Also this film is so sweet and somewhat depressing at times, in a sweet way.Also since its very entertaining at times and you can't help but like it.However I will say that it was cheesy at times, and at other times it was a little predictable, or at least to out there, in a way you almost can't take it to literal.Overall this film is good, its by all means no masterpiece but its very entertaining and good. 8.3 out of 10 stars
Okay, let's face it, we've all seen this before. Every single scene. But Shah Rukh Khan adds such a refreshing and believable twist to the story that you'll be seeing it again for the first time. I was roaring with laughter the whole movie. No one knows what anyone else is doing in this movie, everything is a case of mistaken identity. But the humor is it's strength. I absolutely recommend, it's not intended to be taken seriously, just enjoyed. Fun songs, cute dances. Wow, I liked it! Am I biased because I'm a Shah Rukhaholic? You bet! You will find yourself singing "Baadshah" in the supermarket the next day, remembering a scene and chuckling to yourself out loud.
Gritty Dramas are not usually my thing, but I saw this by chance and was very impressed by it. It's nearly impossible to make a first feature film. It's nearly impossible to make it good on as tight a budget as this was obviously shot on. The fact that it was made in such a short time is also another factor to be considered. And my consideration, after taking all these factors in to account is, this is brilliant! It is a strong story with plenty of moral interest, it has strong performances and a nicely done twist. I wish Paul every success with whatever he does next! He is a directing and writing talent to watch out for!
The Material Girl returns for another dvd/vhs collection of her greatest hits in this answer to "The Immaculate Collection". Possibly the best video here is "Fever". Some of the videos are somewhat dumb especially "Nothing Really Matters" but the songs are good. "Ray of Light", "Frozen", "Rain", "Fever" and "Secret" show her talent for dramatic gestures and effect. The downside is the omission of "This Used to Be My Playground", "Deeper and Deeper", "You Must Love Me" and "I'll Remember". Those were her really good songs and it would've been nice to see the videos. Maybe they'll be on the next one. This is a dvd/vhs worth getting if you're a Madonna fan or a fan of 90's dance.
If you're looking for real comedy and humor, this is the movie to watch. Especially if you like the previous movie, Jalla,Jalla! by the same director (and many of the same actors) this one is a must. However don't be disappointed if the quality is not as high as Fares's debut. It's more filled with stupid jokes and the characters are not as thoroughly deepened as you would like. On the other hand, the plot (paper thin as it may be) very original and you feel good by it. Moreover the special effects are unexpectedly good for a swedish film. It may be clear that I liked this one very much and I can really recommend it! ...
When I saw previews of this movie I thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. Well I was wrong. Even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. The first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. But by the end, I could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next. Throughout the movie I like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than I can say for the movie itself.
I think that every boys/mans and women in the world should watch this film...because it 's quite true...and you will learn a lot about the opposite sex;) it's also quite original in the way it is filmed, the interviews...you have a lot of different point of views which are quite representative ...I'm speaking about women's point of view, of course...and i wonder if it's the same for boys. it may be not famous but it's worse to see it, believe me! Watch it either in couple or with friends...it doesn't matter as u can speak about it together! I've seen it with a friend, we had a lot of fun...than I saw it with my boyfriend, it was interesting...
Secret Rivals doesn't have a great storyline, but the actors know their kung fu! The movie features a good deal of fighting, and some excellent practice sessions. The version I saw had very poor picture quality and not all of the subtitles were visible. This is of course a shame, and contributed a great deal to the fact that I only enjoyed this movie moderately. But if it was available in DVD quality, with a clear and crisp picture and sound, it would be a great experience. This is the kind of movie that Bruce Lee SHOULD have done. His presence here would have elevated this to a world-famous classic. My rating: 7 out of 10.
I enjoyed the movie.A few years ago I saw a documentary on F.T.Hopkins. Viggo is a favorite.It was good to see Omar Shariff.My sister's three kids are going to love the story of this.I do recommend it to any-one who likes westerns,horse riding and just general good fun.I liked the sand dunes.The different horses,land scape veiws.It shows what I thought to be more side of the Native American Indian.Beautiful colours in the horses.I think Viggos love and admiration for the horse shows in this film.It also shows an older part of amercia. I felt you can learn something from the film.There is a very good shot of the statue of liberty when he leaves his country for the race.Laurel
I agree in most part with the first review especially when comparing it to other movies from the RGV production house. Unless watched as a prequel to 'Company', it stands a little feebly with a mixture of actors, script, storyline and direction borrowed from it's fantastic predecessors. Otherwise it's an interesting prologue to a more complete and fulfilling story. I think the movie improves in the last third with excellent plot development and gritty twists, and the finale is well-worth waiting for. Having loved 'Satya', 'Company' and 'Ab Tak Chappan', maybe I was expecting too much from the same genre and was a little disappointed. Try again some other time methinks, rather differently perhaps for a fresher approach.
Pla seems 100 percent real but the voice-over in the story seems 100 percent bull The film Maker. He seems to have filmed it with a handicam I think the Katoeys and Pla had no idea they were taking part in a money making operation. He even complains when he has to pay a small "fine" to the local police who could just as easily, put him in the local jail, confiscated his equipment permanently and eventually deported him for working without the correct permits.( i think they should have)but i doubt it happened. Pla and the other players probably thought he was just a tourist with a camera who, eventually would actually, pay. Wayne
This movie had a good message but it was lost in a story where the characters continued to blame their problems on others. It appeared that the "white man" was accused of causing the characters life of crime. Every time the characters were seen selling drugs, it was to a white man with short hair, a long sleeve shirt with a tie. No street level dealer would sell to such a person. He would more likely be shot. Jim Brown's character says he was convicted of murder as if he was framed but admits to killing people at home. And Animal is only sent to prison because the police framed him. Such denial won't solve the problem.
This is a serious piece of film. Ving Rhames is one of the really under-rated actors out there right now....and Jim Brown is rock solid as the man who finally forces Animal to take a look at himself. The thing is: Brown's character makes Animal realize that while he's the way he is as a result of the Black Experience in America, he doesn't have to stay that way. There is a way out, you just have take the responsibility for finding it for yourself. I love the historical references in the movie, and the hard look it takes at how we are sometimes our own worst enemies, based on a silly concepts like skin tone. Beautiful, powerful film.
This was a highly entertaining sleeper about a naval ship that happens to go through a time warp and end up at Pearl Harbor just hours before the attack in 1941. Realistic acting, special effects and air scenes really make this movie stand out from other similar movies. I'm really surprised that this film is not more popular, because this was a very unique and fascinating concept for a movie, especially back in 1980. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good science-fiction film. I'm also surprised that it has such a low rating, I was expecting it to be rated at least a 7. Ill give it an 8 out of 10. Well worth viewing.
When I first heard of this movie I thought it was goingto be an awesome time-traveling movie with lots off dogfighting featuring WW2 Japanese planes on American jet action!But do I get that? HARDLY! I found this movie boring and unimaginative. I mean, fantastic, COME ON! I could pull more fantastic sh!t outta my @$$ with less material! It has a good premise but doesn't strecth the limits of imagination. I'm not saying this is the worst part, but this movie isn't really that great. It could never sdtand up to time traveling greats like Back To The Future or H.G. Well's The Time Machine. In my opinion, go with The Philly Experiment, It looks, and feels more interesting...
Unfortunately even though there is plenty of air action, one is left flat with this film. The build up is great, however as the movie comes to a close and the viewer realizes the final outcome, one cannot help but feel cheated. The paradox at the end is good. Kirk Douglas is (as always)a great presence. Marting Sheen's acting on the other hand, has a lot to be desired. Katharine Ross is adequate, but I would have liked to see more involvement with her character. Charles Durning's character was very good, if not a little over the top. This movie really had a lot of potential. It's unfortunate that the writers didn't work up a better ending.
The story is about three prisoners and their life in jail captured by a documentary directer Juhi Chawla. As per as acting is concern: Jackie Shroff is average,Nagesh Kukunoor and Gulshan Grover is good,Juhi Chowla is brilliant and above all Naseeruddin Shah is excellent as usual.The script of the film is well written and directed it in a good way. The story comes to end with an unpredictable twist and we can see that how a single incident connects three different peoples for ever just like three walls in a room. The ending doesn't destroys the movie, it makes much more better. I saw almost all the films but this is probably the best movie directed by Nagesh Kukunoor.
I'm surprised somebody actually got money to shot this turkey. Goes slow, slow, slow through the snow... and ends nowhere. Completely absurd story with some kind of pseudo-ecological concerns about global warming. (By the way, what happened with global warming this year? It's been a bloody freezing summer in England!). On top of this, the director thinks he's Bergman or something, and punishes us further with "arty" shots which are neither pretty nor arty. They're just plain boring. Don't waste an hour and a half of your life watching this "film". Just skip to the last ten minutes to have a laugh with the crap CGI. The Elk-Demons are absolutely hilarious. I'm thinking of claiming compensation. Seriously.
As I watched this movie I couldn't help smiling. The movie is essentially a spoof of James Bond flicks with super-guy fighting well-equipped villain. Seductive women and ridiculous gadgets are abundant. Some are as cute as they come (I am talking about women here). All are fallible (women). All women fall for our super-guy. He seemed to be bemused by this (who wouldn't). While he conquers one woman after another, he also manages to rescue a few tons of gold from the grip of the above mentioned villain (the later is usually considered to be the main plot - what a preposterous notion). One has to love the irreverent soundtrack. They don't make movies like this anymore. Pity. 9/10.
I am a Language Arts Teacher and I use this movie to go along with my folktale unit. In the literature book that I use there is a story called Sealskin, Soulskin, which is an Eskimo story about the selkies and so after we read that story we watch "The Secret of Roan Inish". It shows the Irish side of the selkie story. It is a great closing activity for this unit. I would recommend this movie to any seventh grade Language Arts teacher who uses the Holt, Reinhart Elements of Literature book. It really goes along with the folktale unit. I hope you can get as much enjoyment from this movie as I and my classes have.
if i went into this expecting a serious film, i would be disappointed but... the film begins with a request to suspend disbelief if you have been to and enjoyed renaissance faires - this is a good film for you, especially if you've enjoyed the work of don juan and miguel in person if you're looking for fast paced humor - the weam dreaver is hysterically funny personally, i enjoy films where it's clear the cast and crew enjoyed making the film - this is clearly the case here if you're looking for a film to have fun with, not take seriously, and play along with being silly - you will LOVE this (we did)
Drove 10 hours to see the world premier outside of Dallas and had no regrets. Don Juan and Miquel have a refreshingly different sense of comedy. Add in the straight woman character of Esmeralda and you have quite a team. Filmed entirely at renaissance festivals with a terrific variety of the really great circuit acts they represent some of the greatest variety of characters you will come across in the independent film industry today. This film is great for children of all ages. The character and costume changes that Miguel goes through are quite funny and Esmeralda's facial expressions and demeanor are sure to crack you up. Sit back,relax and enjoy. Can't wait till they release the next film.
Just saw this for the first time (thank you Sky Arts!) I have always loved Gilbert and Sullivan so decided to tape it. I'm so glad I did! It was amazing! I've never seen any of the cast before so wasn't sure what to expect but they were all so good. Especially the purple-panted Pirate King, Jon English. His facial expressions had me in stitches and his energy!! I also loved the Police Sergeant, that man is made of rubber - is there anything he can't do!? They all looked as though they were having a great time hamming it up wonderfully! As someone said previously, if you're feeling down, watch it, I guarantee you won't be for long!
I picked this movie up last night looking for a little demon-themed horror and was pleasantly surprised that Shapeshifter delivered. The creature effects were awesome (a lot of time and effort was poured into this creature, Tom Savini and Rick baker would be proud) and the story was a cross between "Alien" and "Oz" - pretty cool concept. There are a few moments were the suspense builds a little too long, but overall the payoff is great. Much more of a watcher than some of the theatrical "thrillers" like the most recent "Stay". Overall, I could see this become an ongoing series of films, like "Wishmaster" and "Leprechaun". A "must-see" for any fan of the claustrophobic thrillers/demon cult genres.
How does movies like this get made? I can understand the writer not being able to see the material for what it is, but how does ANYONE read this script and think it will make a good movie. It was about as far from funny as an alleged comedy can get. This sad attempt is a rehashing off all the old, older and oldest gags and bringing nothing new to the table. I was going to go on, but I can't waste any more time with this. My request to the producers, director and writer - "You don't have a clue about film-making. Please seek alternate work rather than continue to disappoint those investing their time seeking entertainment!"
A furiously intense story that takes place shortly after the Cold War where an American colonel (Roy Scheider - "Jaws") who has a troubled past, picks a fight with a high-ranking Soviet military officer, (Jurgen Prochnow - "Das Boot") that nearly escelates into a Tarantino-like standoff. Scheider and Prochnow are both good and so is Harry Dean Stanton ("The Straight Story"), who plays Scheider's superior officer and an old war buddy who is concerned about his friend. Director John Frankenheimer ("Ronin") is smart in making the film go smoothly and I got kick out of the scene where Prochnow and two other Russian officers briefly watch an American (college) football game on t.v., question it, and laugh at it.
Splash is a really well-made Hollywood fantasy comedy, with early Tom Hanks already developing into the charismatic everyman and Darryl Hannah and John Candy at their best. But under the comedy and sweetness I have always thought there was a disturbing undertone of extreme pessimism--just what kind of ugly and cruel society do we live in, in which the mermaid Madison's only prospect is that she will be tortured, from which Hanks' character ultimately has to flee, never to see his beloved brother again? (The same dark undertone is even more pronounced, I think, in Ron Howard's next big hit Cocoon, where the old folks willingly escape an earth and families that don't seem to offer them anything anymore.)
How Meryl Streep beat out Jessica Lange for the Best Actress in 1982 is beyond me. Once again, Streep pulls out one of her phony-baloney accents with the emotional range of a stuffed tortoise. What do people see in this claptrap? Stingo was well-cast, but as usual Kevin Kline was annoying, loud, pretentious, while eating the scenery. What is with this guy? The fact that this was even nominated shows how bad the Academy had slipped by the early 80's. Junk is junk. Streep and Kline are portrayed as intellectual fun-loving free spirits, when they're really just a couple of neurotic con artists. Forget this one! I gave this a 3 because of the cinematography and Stingo.
I always laugh out loud at the comments that portray this film as good. It is awful and always has been. True, there are some good performances from Quayle and Finch but the loose plot, bath tub ships and mostly one sided British view makes it one to forget. The dire bath tub battle sequences have come straight from the comics. Best to read a good book on the subject and stay away from such overpowering rot! Only when the film moves to land sequences does it have any credibility and there are still plenty of cardboard backdrops to help the film become even more foolish. The dialog reeks of upper class English nonsense also. Utterly sicking all round.
I first saw this movie when it came out and thought it marvelous. The comic strip Li'l Abner was a satire of life and I thought the movie caught this spirit. The actors portraying the main characters (Little Abner, Daisy Mae, Mammy, Pappy and Marryin' Sam ) did a fine job I thought. The Dogpatch scenes were more stylized as in a play but for this movie looked ok. Thankfully the Jerry Lewis cameo was brief. Audiences of today may not appreciate this movie because of their lack of familiarity with the comic strip but I feel that `older' viewers (who enjoyed the comic strip) will like this movie a lot. Can't wait for a DVD version to appear!
Al Capp's characters translate to Broadway and then to Hollywood. Capp lost a leg in a trolley accident as a boy. His bitterness wraps itself in satire. The music is forgettable. My interest is Julie Newmar as Stupefyin' Jones. She is a secret weapon created by Available Jones and a metaphor for the atomic bomb. He unleashes her in the Sadie Hawkins Day race to stupefy men so that the women of Dogpatch can catch them. Julie is devastating in seamed nylons. She was the sexiest woman in the history of women---5'11" and 145 pounds. Li'l Abner is steeped in Cold War thinking and regarded as dated although it does turn up on the stage from time to time.
The tag-line for Dinosaur is 'You have never seen anything like this', and it's a fair statement. Dinosaur is stunningly detailed, top-heavy with beautifully framed images and perfectly paced scenes filled with discovery and adventure. It's just a pity I'm not nine years old because I've certainly heard all this before many, many times over. Honestly, surely Disney realize that grown-ups take kids to see these things? It's hard to imagine a more formulaic plot and the dialog and characterization could only be this trite on purpose (maybe someone lost a bet). Kids will love it, and I guess that's the main thing, but it's not hard to see why Pixar has stolen Disney's thunder at the box office.
This is a Great Movie which I got to see in 1990 from a Laser disc we rented. This also gives us an idea about the origins of Snoopy and his original owner Leila. The soundtrack is also great. I watched this movie with my niece and nephew who enjoyed it much as I did back then. I liked the part when Charlie Brown said "It took that rock 5,000 years to come to shore, now your putting it back". This is a movie which can be enjoyed by the family. It takes me to an earlier time of innocence. I wish things were a lot simpler now as it was then.
I never understood this episode. It's not interesting, nothing happens in it. During those moments when the world is spinning around, I have to laugh because they look like those old "newspapers spinning towards the camera" shots showing a series of headlines, e.g. "Boy Trapped in Refrigerator Eats Own Foot". Lazarus keeps falling off of cliffs all of the time. The man easily travels through Time and Space and yet he keeps falling into Space all of the Time? When TOS was originally issued on VHS, this was one episode I made sure I didn't buy. There might be more to see in this episode, I just don't have the patience to wade through all of the boredom.
Fanaa came, saw & well....did well! Aamir Khan & Kajol has shown once again that they're amongst the best in the industry with their performances. Rishi Kapoor, Kiron Kher & Tabu have also been impressive as usual. And the songs & cinematography were beautiful. The story is good but the way it was handled....I cringed when an intelligent actress like Kajol is made to do those heavy-duty unrealistic emotional scenes so associated with Bollywood that we thought its passe now. That's where Fanaa went wrong. Some of the scenes were so filmi and we truly thought Bollywood has come of age. Kunal Kohli's touch is like Karan Johar - loads of mushy stuff! Anway, a wonderful comeback by Kajol.
At the risk of sounding like a broken record,this film is more or less a remake of Die Hard,only the skyscraper is replaced with an airplane, and our ordinary tough guy cop is replaced with the leader of the free world.Knowing this fact,it's still a good film.Harrison Ford makes a very believable president,and Gary Oldman a very convincing baddie.Although you know where the plot is going,something about it compels you to continue watching.The very fact that they are thousands of miles in the air grips me personally because I am not very fond of heights,and I found myself gripping my chair arms very tightly as a result.This is basically a "run of the mill" action flick,but still good nonetheless.
this was one of those films where the premise made me groan. I pictured a tedious slightly cheese-ball dated experience. Boy was I wrong. This movie was so well-done, so well-written and directed that I didn't want it to end. One setting is all that exists and Hitch certainly knew how to stage this and make it work. Hitch is truly the master at 1 set movies, from Rope to Rear Window to this. Intense! I consider it one of his greatest films alongside such classics as Shadow Of A DOubt and the afore-mentioned Rope and the dark comedy The Trouble With Harry. Of proof of Hitch's genius, look for his cameo. Classic! This is a must-see!
Dinosaur adventure! (yes, another one). While on an Arctic expedition, a group of scientists become lost in an ice-age environment which is tainted with the humidity of the Amazon. Jock Mahoney is the stalwart hero who divides his time between fighting off dinosaurs, a crazy jungle hermit, and the advances of pretty Shawn Smith. If Mahoney had any sense, he'd push the hermit off a cliff, let Shawn get her hooks into him, and have dinosaur filet mignon for dinner, but apparently, he's not that smart. Douglas Kennedy co-stars as the Navy captain who sends these dillweeds on the mission aboard a helicopter with a defective push-rod tube - why, you.... dirty.... OK sci-fi/horror time-killer from Universal-International.
the acting is great, the cinematography and direction are both Oscar worthy the plot is interesting and the characters are real. as time goes by you get more entouched to the characters involved and that makes this film interactive since you try in any way to guess what is going to happen. antonio baderas is high in my list of today's most promising directors and this film shows the perspectives he has as a director.. any way you should go see this movie and don't let its rating stop you from watching it because it almost did it to me and now i realise how i would have regretted had i not rented this movie instead of an other
It has a real Hollywood psychological thriller feel to it, which will appeal to younger generations used to scary, shocker-flashback movies with surreal, supernatural twists. Though the main character's "dream" sequences were gripping and sometimes harrowing, they weren't too much for me to take (and I hate scary movies) nor were they at all graphic, violent or gory. Those "visions" were frightening in what they implied, and most only pieced together in my mind afterward. There is one heck of a twist at the end in the courtroom. Critics and reviewers are saying this movie meets its stated goals: educating while gripping the audience, not being preachy or propaganda, just telling it like it is. I agree.
Powell and Loy starred in 14 films. Although this is not one of their better efforts, their charm and chemistry makes it worthwhile. Powell is a shady fellow who snaps out of a nine-year amnesia spell to discover that he has become a shrewd businessman and a pillar of the community during this time except that wife Loy is about to divorce him because he's too dull. The premise sounds better than the execution. The bit where Powell goes into the woods with the boy scouts is not very amusing and is too drawn out, causing the film to lose momentum. Van Dyke is reunited with Powell and Loy, whom he directed in several of the "Thin Man" films.
This documentary was the stupid most disturbing thing I have ever seen in my life. Nick Broomfield is totally out of his mind when he tries to fight for Aileen. There is no point to it, she was an evil person who would kill again, so she's better off dead. Dawn Botkins is just as much insane as Aileen is. She wants to be loyal to a vicious serial killer. I'm glad Aileen got exactly what she deserved. I give this movie no stars at all. It is just absolutely stupid. Hey one question too, Whatever happened to Tyria Moore? She did the right thing by helping the prosecution sent Aileen to the lethal injection table.
I saw this flick in the new release section and just had to check it out, especially since it was from the talented filmmakers of one film that I saw of theirs. Wow! What a funny movie. I've seen the The-white guy-trying-to-act-black routine before but the filmmakers somehow was able to make this particular character more original and on top of that he's carrying an umbrella in his own store!! LOL. How funny is that? Everybody did a good job. I mean Todd Bridges was OK but the other actors were BETTER. They did a very good job. Props to the cast and crew. Hopefully there'll be a trilogy to this one like the "friday" franchise has. Jerzee Representin'!
Scream talked about the rules if you are going to survive a horror movie. Well there's nothing out there is the pretext to that and have other rules of surviving a horror movie in the woods which includes no skinny dipping. I love the Mike character, reminds me allot of me. He is the best written character in this whole movie. The others are good too but he has to be my favorite. The brilliant writing and subtext. The acting is better then some serious horror movies and the effects are incredible. This has got to be the best movie that you never heard of. All and all a great movie worth watching over and over again. 9 STARS.
This film does not tick the 'right' buttons for white expectations of an Asian British film or a queer film and so people may be wrong footed. So there is no culture clash with parents who are living an 'Asian' read outdated culture with westernised children, no arranged marriage, no white person learning and being surprised by 'Asian' culture. No belly laughs ensuing from said conflicts. Instead we have a film about being true to yourself and learning to follow your passions for whatever - cooking, dance, love. I wait for the day that Black filmmakers can make work without having to conform to the prescribed script written for them to fulfil and they can just follow their passions.
When I first watched this cartoon short ages ago, I was amazed by the film itself. Such a hilarious cartoon playing out to the tune of a classical song, there are few of. The story is that of a foreman, who is a lion, who "conducts" a group of human-like animal construction workers to build the tallest building, the Umpire State Building, a clear parody on the Empire State Building. While the animal workers strive to build this construction, hilarity quickly ensues in the form of the workers messing up each others' workings and a multitude of hilarious events which make this cartoon short well worth watching! I recommend it to all who enjoy a good musical parody.
"FUTURAMA," in my opinion, is an absolute FOX classic! I don't think I've seen every episode, but I still enjoyed it. It's hard to say which episode was my favorite. However, I think it was always funny when a mishap occurred. I always laughed at that. Despite the fact that it only lasted four seasons, it was nice that all the main characters stayed with the show throughout its entire run. It seems that no one stays with a show throughout its entire run. Everyone always gave a good performance, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong. In conclusion, I hope someone brings it back on the air for fans of the show to see.
It is always a shame to see a movie that starts off with such a great storyline, but then falls apart at the end. The first half of this film, involving scientists in a Reagan-ear Star Wars Nuclear space station, is intriguing and suspenseful. But the second half of the film about the scientists adventures in a post-apocalyptic world is dull and sloppy. Maybe lack of money or loss of interest by the director caused the plot to go way out into left field, and they sped up production just to get the film out as soon as possible. Watch if you must, but prepare to be disappointed! The best thing about this movie is the creative box cover.
Its the usual modern gangster plot line: people die, drugs are sold, snitches are dealt with. But its the bizarre and hilarious execution of these gangster film clichés that make this film a classic. Cam'ron seems to be the next Rudy Ray Moore. This movie is gritty, hilariously weird and endlessly entertaining. Its "Menace to Society" directed by Lloyd Kaufman. The whole thing really comes off like some amazing "backyard film". The dialogue appears improvised. The special effects are hilariously lacking. But everyone gives inspired and interesting performances while just playing themselves. Plenty of one-liners: "Fuck your bread, Bebe!" Great for a drunken movie night with friends who love rap music or weird cinema.
Awesome blend of love and suspense. A top class thriller with Al-Pacino at his best. A record "Sea of Love" is played in all the crime scenes.. All the victims were killed after sex... The police suspects the hands of a woman.. The Investigation officer, Frank Keller(Al-Pacino) finds himself in love with a prime suspect. As they get closer he finds more clues to suspect her. Every time he was sure she did it, he finds his suspicions baseless... One day Keller finds the the list of all victims in his love's house along with the "Sea of Love" record. Story goes through twists and turns... The movie will put the viewers at the last inch of their seat.
This film starts off with a mother and daughter traveling together and both of them are not getting along because of her mother getting a divorce and the daughter feels sorry for her dad. As this couple travel, the daughter is kidnapped by a very strange group of young people and the mother soon finds out that it is a group of people who are well organized in dark mysteries and spiritual powers that can transform people into all kinds of creatures that love to enjoy drinking blood and all sorts of sick dark acts of lust. This is not your average horror film, but it is worthwhile viewing even if it does not make any sense.
Walter Matthau stars as Morris Buttermaker, a ex-minor league player turned swimming pool cleaner who is hired to coach a misfit little-league team. Because of the clumsiness and shoddiness of their skills. He enlists the help of 14-year old Amanda (Tatum O' Neal) which causes irritation on and off the field. Buttermaker nevertheless has to whip them into shape for the playoffs. Vic Morrow also stars as rival coach Roy Turner whose team is more focused than the other. The movie spawned two sequels, a short-lived TV series(which was good), and a 2005 remake starring Billy Bob Thornton which is so-so, since it's a carbon copy of the original. Anyway, pass up on the remake and enjoy the original.
My daughter loves this show. She started watching it at 10 months. Even though at that age she was too young to understand all of it, the shapes and colors made her smile and laugh. Now she is four and still enjoys the Polies. Although I don't watch every episode with her. Most episodes contain good lessons on sharing and being nice to others. I can not understand how anyone would not like this show. Now that my 4 year old has a little sister, she can relate to how Olie and Billy treat their younger siblings. This is a great show. I wish they had all these great shows when I was growing up.
This movie is a HOOT! Unintentionally, of course--which makes it all the better. Dean Stockwell moves through most of the movie like he's heavily sedated (or maybe in shock at finding himself in such a bad movie), only coming to life in the film's climax. Poor Sandra Dee--the eternal virgin--has to learn the hard way never to give strange young men a ride home from the library. Psychedelic "special effects" complete the experience...all of it taking place in the accursed hamlet of Dunwich...but I won't spoil the fun by saying any more. Let me just add that I am a fan of Lovecraft's & should have been miffed at this botched attempt...but I was too busy laughing.
I just saw this on a plane (and overseas flight) and I watched it twice, as it was so good. The acting was superb, the script very credible. This is perfect art-house cinema or Netflix material. So when do we get it here? Even just on video? (Is this where I whine that pleasant little gems like this go unnoticed by dumb Americans?) Besides, how many Swiss films will you ever see in your entire life? BTW, the piano playing fooled me entirely. I kept looking and trying to figure out how it was done (hence, the dumb American comment). It will be very easy for anyone who is smarter than the average bear to identify with this story.
1920's man snacks the 90's world in the face with great throw back one-liners and style. I found the premise of this movie very comical. It offers a mix of the old black and white films style meshed against modern day morality. I thoroughly enjoyed watching Johnny Tweenies interact with modern day thugs. How would Jimmy Cagne fair in modern day gangster land? This movie,in my humble opinion, would most likely gain acceptance with an older crowd, such as early baby boomers, like myself, in that we remember the great black and white films where special effects were absent and acting was paramount. A bit wacky, but still a nice little throwback. Relax and have fun with this movie.
Jane Austin's novel "Pride and Prejudice" is without a doubt one of my favorite books. And now, finally, it has come to the screen!! I absolutely adored this mini series, and I would recommend it to anyone. All of the characters are played brilliantly, especially Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle as Lizzie Bennent. The film also has an outstanding supporting cast as well. And do not worry about it being boring, there is something exciting happening every second!!! All of the costumes, furniture, and especially scenery are beautiful, so, I encourage you, that if you have nothing to do on a rainy day, you watch this extraordinary piece of television. You will not be disappointed!!!! Enjoy!!!!!
i don't understand why people just don't talk about this movie or anything...it's one of the best movies i've seen recently. i'm in love with kathleen turner cos she's such a great actress, and the other people did a pretty good job in the acting department as well. this movie is so great considering how john waters' films have kinda gone downhill recently. cry-baby & hairspray were a little too tame & lame for me. i want trash!!! i want more killing! i want more leg of lamb! and i want more cussing! that's why i love john waters, and hopefully he'll read this and create the most ugliest movie yet and i'll be in love with him more...
The premise of this film is about a man appointed to be President under unusual circumstance. The current President and Speaker of the House tour a building in Europe, which colapses and kills them both, the vice-president is ill and can't fullfill the office. The Presidency falls to a surprizing fourth in line. It's a great story and I don't understand why it isn't on video yet. The only small flaw is that it is time dated with the premise of Apartied in South Africa. Everyone write to the studio and get them to put it out on video. It has appeared on TV but they cut it to ribbons and destroy the continuity. -ARBY
"The Circus" was made between the classic "Gold Rush" and what is, arguably, Chaplin's masterpiece, "City Lights." It dates from 1928 and is, without doubt, one of Chaplin's great films. It opens slowly, but don't let that put you off - it quickly accelerates. And, as for the ending? Anyone moved by the ending of "City Lights" will love the ending of "The Circus:" Chaplin's character, strolling toward the horizon, leaving love and friends behind, disappears into the distance, setting up a scenario to be repeated in "Modern Times". Simple, touching, beautiful. Sandwiched between, "The Gold Rush" and "City Lights," this film is often overlooked, but it is a wonderful Chaplin classic that deserves to be more widely known.
I honestly loved this movie. I think it's better than the first. The songs are great. Especially, 'You Are The Music In Me.' Pure genius! Troy and Gabriella are great. It was sad when they had their break up. I cried! But I'm glad they got back together and I really hated Sharpay in that one! >:( I can't wait until the third one comes out. It should be even more awesome. Hmmm, i really don't know what to say about it except how great it was, so I'm gonna stop typing. But first i'm going to type some words: Excellent, Awesome, Spectacular, Fabulous, Fantastic, the great shimmy-nits! I have more but now i'm really done. Good-bye HSM2 Fans.
I only bought this movie because it only cost like three dollars from a store that was getting rid of all it's VHS movies. It cost three dollars and I wanted my money back. If it was free I would have wanted my money back. That movie took a couple of hours or so out of my life that I want back. I took it to a place that sells used videos, and the guy behind the counter had heard of it as the worst movie ever made. From now on I don't think that I can ever give another movie a vote of 1 because I think it will give this colossal piece of crap too much credit.
I saw the film in the Dutch cinema's and I liked it very much. It's controversial but that's exactly what I like about film, it does something with an audience. This film provokes a lot of different reactions. The movies feels like a extravagant soap episode and I can absolutely recommend this film to men and woman. It's funny, controversial and unique. I want to applaud Tom Six for this daring movie. I hope to rent this movie abroad and I also look forward to his next film about a lesbian love. I am sure it is gonna be even better than Gay in Amsterdam! Enjoy the movie and don't take it too serious like so many people do!
This film failed on all counts. While I accept that couples of any age can experience the problems that these couples are dealing with, but throughout the film it seems that their real problem is that they are bored. The ending was the only part of the movie that I thought made any sense, and then only just. My wife and I almost never agree 100% on movies, our tastes are completely different. We both 100% detested this film. So, to summarize: * No Plot * Bad Writing * Actors who seem disinterested in the material, or they were poorly directed * Zero nudity There are much better movies that cover similar territory, find one.
This was so bad that If it hadn't included a hot tub scene with Jennifer Hill, it would have been one of the worst movies of all time. It has a good monster in The Ice Queen, but she was wasted with her incessant screaming, and the set just didn't allow her to really develop. The battle with Audrey (Tara Walden) was set up for a promising scene, but it just didn't develop. There was really no one you could care about in this film. It really didn't matter who came out. The pair that did were probably the least likable. Despite giving us her all in that hot tub, Elaine (Hill) didn't fare too well.
there are some films that you watch and recognize that it is good, but your insides are screaming - this is horrible. that pretty much sums up the entire experience of this film. if you truly enjoy yourself watching the film, really love it in the moment, then i think you missed the point (and probably are kinda scary and desensitized). but after your stomach stops turning, you are left with a film that has pushed past the regular or expected, into a space of unique social and political commentary. As disgusting as this film is, and it is by far the most disgusting thing i've ever seen, it absolutely has to go that far to shake people up.
Jack fails to save a survivor from drowning and then begins to see visions of his dead father. He wanders off into the woods and almost dies. Locke saves him but tells him to stay the journey, and to find closure. Locke then goes off to kill some more game. What Jack ultimately finds is an empty coffin and a source of water, which the survivor's are now out of. He returns to the beach, stronger than before and definitely in command. Flashbacks reveal his tortured relationship with his father, who died of heart failure while visiting down under. The business with dad is played out a little too long, for my tastes. Otherwise, a heck of an episode.
I liked this movie not only for what it said, but how it said it. It was inspiring--not in its religiosity but in its morality. The Christian slant of the movie was evident, but it did not proselytize or become judgmental. In fact, some of the 'best' people in the film never reveal any religious beliefs. I am a Unitarian-Universalist (we believe that there are many paths that lead to good and moral actions), so I appreciated the MORAL outlook of the film and its emphasis on good works.That is a fine line to draw and this movie does it magnificently. Are there plot holes? Inconstistancies? Who cares? The movie made me feel good. And sometimes that's enough.
I initially went to the Film Forum's presentation to experience what going to the movies might have been like 80 years ago. To have an experience like my grandmother had (she used to rave about Harold Loyd). I thought the film was going to be OK. I was astonished at the wit of the film, its emotional content and the joy it brought to the audience. The gags were plentiful and quite clever, the action kept everything moving and the audience enjoyed themselves immensely (obviously a self selected group). The entire experience was enhanced by a live piano player and I think by the communal experience of seeing this film at the movies. I highly recommend the film.
How many movies have you seen that allows you to think about it for days? The first time you'll See this, I can guarantee that you will want to watch it again, because you won't have figured it all out. It's brilliantly directed and acted, with a magnificent set design. The holes are insignificant, and will get you thinking about it days and days afterwards. There is nothing negative about this masterpiece, and is really the reason why we go to the movies these days.For something inventive and amazing- see minority report, as it is a rare film. It gets you thinking, as most movies today fail to do, and yet becomes a modern day classic with its ideas
I miss those days when quincy was shown at TV here in Norway. The show was just pure magic. On one side Quincy was the relenteless detective/coroner who gave everything on the job. On the other side he also liked to shoot the breeze, drink, chase woman and have fun. That's what it is all about. The 70's were a dream considering TV series. Just think about cannon, Kojak and Quincy. JUST GREAT. Quincy is "old school, funny and a delight to watch. The style of the 70's seems so much more relaxed and cool compared to that of today.Recommended for everybody that's tired of all the crap shown to day. The 70's rule and Quincy is number one!
If you like a sexy psycho drama in historic context, with big European star power, this film is for you. The lives of three people tragically clash in this story of oppression, forbidden passion, betrayal and revenge, all this in the face of death. This is an unusually good exploration of the human condition under duress. It also offers us the opportunity to see three of Europe's super stars being and looking 10 years younger. This includes a teenage looking Julie Delpy, and a sexy Hanna Schygulla in her last role as a seductress (albeit as the older woman of the threesome, about forty years old). Available in NTSC English subtitled video, at least in Canada. Check it out.
See this film. Its fantastic. Set in a Japanese POW camp in WW2, a group of Scots, Americans, English and Australians struggle to survive. Robert Carlyle is superb as the lively POW who longs to escape, Kiefer Sutherland is captivating as 'Yanker', the American who gets beaten up by a spade in one of the film's most powerful scenes. The show almost goes to the brilliant Ciaran McMenamin, the loner who tries to keep his morals and humanity in tact. The sountrack is hauntingly brilliant, rent this film. This is Oscar worthy in the league of 'The Thin Red Line'. Pity it didn't get a cinema release. Amazing film. 9 out of 10
While many of the porn films during this era still tried to have something resembling a plot, few were as out there as CURSE OF THE CATWOMAN. A riff on the old CAT PEOPLE flicks, this has a group of people who can apparently turn into big cats living it up at clubs. Selena Steele is at her best here, Rocco Sifredi (in an early role) doesn't say much (which is good. As long as he's only around to provide his extraordinary "talent" he's not irritating), and Patricia Kennedy is at her hottest. The scene of Rocco and Kennedy going at it in bed while Steele sleeps next to them is a scorcher, and the best of the film.
I saw not as many people reacted on this film as on the previous part "legend of the overfiend". That's a shame because when you've seen that part you should see the all the next parts as well to get the big picture. Personally I think this is the best trilogy of the series. It is very dark, and some sick people where behind it regarding to the big machine to evoke the demon God. I liked Myunhi Hausen JR. Although I don't think he's cute like some previous reviewer said :-) Because it's hard to rate only one part of the whole series I just give them all a 9 for originality, story, darkness and drawing style.
We expected a horror movie, but it is more like a horror-comedy. The actors are good, special effects also good. The Eye 10 has nothing to do with The Eye 1 and 2, other than the same directors/film-makers. Some teenagers are trying 8 methods of contacting/seeing ghosts. A few of those ways are really funny, its a long time since we have laughed as much as we did seeing this movie. I recommend this movie as a horror/comedy, not if you are looking for a scary horror flick. Guess that those who gave this movie low scores was expecting something else. There is not much blood and gore in this movie. Liked the ending too.
This sequel is very well done. There are a few scenes that are a bit choppy because the movie mixes science and horror, but some of the other scenes are just so disturbing and effective, they make up for the mad-science scenes. The acting is once again of good quality. If you liked Ring, Ring 2 is a must-see. Also recommended is the prequel, Ring 0. But before you watch it, purge yourself of all scary expectations. P.S.: My (completely re-designed and re-edited) Asian Cinema website can be found at: www. Free Webs(all one word).com/ Kayak-o-fan(also all one word with no dashes. My full review of Ring 2 can be found there, along with others. I update often.
The first film version of the Olive Higgins Prouty best seller. Despite third billing, Belle Bennett stars as Stella and is very good in the role of her career. She does an amazing job of aging over a 20-year period and is very effective. Ronald Colman stars (and gets tops billing) as Stephen Dallas, and Alice Joyce is Mrs. Morrison. Lois Moran gets the role of Laurel and is excellent, starting out as a 10-year-old. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. plays the boy friend. They were both 16. Jean Hersholt is Ed Munn, Vera Lewis is a gossipy teacher, and Beatrix Pryor plays Fairbanks' mother. Bennett never got another good role and died of cancer in 1932.
crap...my fiancé fell asleep.... bad acting, predictable, nothing to waste your time on. REALLY don't waste your time or $$$.Even the gore scenes aren't that gory. The main character is a wannabe Rachel Ray I guess and the end result just disgusts at the small attempt at a twist ending.LAME LAME LAME. This movie didn't even satisfy my B horror movie cravings and I can deal with even cheese with gore but they were actually serious when attempting to create a "HORROR" movie. The cover art doesn't even have ANYthig to do with the movie. NOthing to do with the movie and technically there is NO steel trap so inaccurate title also. TOO bad it may have had potential.
this has to be the worst remake ever. It's not only Robin Williams, he's just bad as usual. They just changed the most powerful scene from the 1975 original by Frank Beyer. SPOILER ahead When Lina discovers that Jakob has no radio at all, she prolongs his lie, so that he can still believe in it too. In this disgraceful remake, she goes to him and dances with him. They just don't get the message of the book by Jurek Becker. I can't understand this. So leave this one alone and watch "Jakob der Lügner", by the way the only movie from the former GDR ever to be nominated for an Oscar as best foreign language film.
As others have said, this is the best stand-up performance ever recorded. It sounds like an exaggeration, but it's not. Pryor is a comedic genius, and you can see his influence in every comedian since. He sets the standard. His facial expressions, acting abilities, delivery, etc., are all top-notch, and he can make even mundane topics such as walking through the woods pee-your-pants hilarious (in fact, he spends a long time talking about the woods, which is a bit puzzling, but hey, it's funny). He also covers completely unrelated topics such as dogs, drugs, family life, boxing, and sex... all the while being hysterically funny. The guy is amazing, and I recommend this to anyone who enjoys stand-up comedy.
This movie left a very bad taste in my mouth (bad pun intended.) The characters were uninteresting. The story went nowhere for me. Some times goofy is funny, but this over the top attempt to follow the "zany" antics of pizza delivery men couldn't hold my attention. I'd give it 1/2 star out of 5. The writing was weak. The direction was vacant. The acting was so-so. Overall I would not recommend this to anyone out there unless you like throwing your money away. I guess I would say this pizza movie should have been kept in the oven a little longer. I am a huge fan of independent film , but this film was in a word boring.
I like all the comments that Ihave read praising this wonderful film the tear's just flowed from my eye's when I first saw this beautiful story being so brilliantly portrayed and with such wonderful music of john Denver I still have the sound track of the film MCF 2566 ON VINAL Ilove to sit and listen to the song Sunshine on my shoulders. and it still brings a tear or two you see friends I myself Iam just getting over ''bowel cancer '' and am waiting for the results of a '' biopsy '' for a prostate may we soon all be able to buy this film on DVD soon Mr A Wynne N/Wales UK.
The less said about this dismal feature, the better. If you ever wonder why a feature is released straight to video, rather than to theaters first, look no further for a reason than this wretched mess. Supposedly produced as a homage to 1950s "Big Bug" thrillers, it has appalling dialogue (The "F" word is used scores of times), grotesque, un-frightening horror effects, mechanical spiders that look fake, and an absurd batch of mean-spirited, foul characters, badly acted. The leading lady, in particular, is ill-suited for the role, one of the most annoying characters ever, and the worst female performance since Maria Putillo in "Godzilla" (1998). They knew how to make them back in the Golden Age, not evident here.
What is your problem Roxy? You don't know what you're talking about! Freddie is awesome! I hate when people like you who obviously know nothing about talent try to judge! I've been operatically trained for 7yrs now and am about to go to school for vocal performance and I think Freddie's got a ton of talent! I also can't believe you're comparing Queen; one of the most contributing rock bands to the Spice Girls; talentless, daddy-did-not-love-me, girl powered, children! I, on the other hand believe is one of the greatest bands of all times... I have not got to hear all of this live album, but what I heard was entertaining! Maybe not their best performance, but still good!
At the beginning of the film I thought that it was going to be another cynical korean war picture, because it was so dark. But then I was pleasantly surprised that it turned out to be a moving human story, that one can love their enemies and even come together for sacrifice to save others. This film has fluffy parts, serious parts, touching parts, and beautiful parts. It's a real turning point for korean cinema and this director is one to watch as this is his debut film it has so many ideas. Like for instance there is this great scene with a boar that reminded me of "A Clockwork Orange". The score was done by Miyazaki's composer.
If you are not a girl under the age of ten, New York Minute will be a head ache inducing waste of 90 minutes of your time. The interchangeable Olsen twins (who cares which is which) star in this rip off of Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Ferris Bueller was likable but these two girls have no personality. Their series of misadventures are not funny. Eugene Levy has a nothing role as a truent officer obsessed with catching the two girls. This character is incredibly stupid, not funny, and very obnoxious. Then there are non acting guys who fall in love with them. Don't get me started on Andy Richter's embarrassing role. Definitely one of the year's worst movies. 3/10
A successful financial executive (Eddie Murphy) has more time for his BlackBerry than his seven-year-old daughter (Yara Shahidi). When he has a crisis of confidence and his career starts going down the drain, however, he finds the solution to all his problems in his daughter's imaginary world. Where to begin.... i know! Why this movie was bad. Well for starters Eddie Murphy hasn't taken any good roles since Beverly Hills Cop and Thomas Haden Church is more smarter than to accept a role like that. Now i know it's a kids movie, but even the kid sitting next to me said it was a con. My advice, either wait until the DVD or just don't bother. Imagine That 2/10
I've heard so much about this movie, and it was not a disappointment. The surviving print seems to be missing some scenes, which accounts for its short length, but I doubt it takes away much from this twisted, sadistic "Gift of the Magi" gone bad. Chaney's performance is remarkable and, at times, genuinely alarming, and the very young Joan Crawford is a typical, but nevertheless appealing silent film heroine. Parts of this film really had me squirming, particularly towards the end. Browning's visual sense is the most beautiful I've seen in any of his films other than Dracula, with a full range of greys, whites and blacks and painterly compositions. It's available on TCM's excellent Lon Chaney Collection DVD.
A pretty good crime drama of its time, on a par with PUBLIC ENEMY, LITTLE CEASAR, and others of the genre,good acting, too.Excellent acting by a very young Lew Ayres, an up-and-coming yet unknown James Cagney, here listed way down in the cast of players as a secondary, and I particularly enjoyed the fine characterization by pre-Dracula Dwight Frye. Much better than the common, cheesy melodramas of the period,this one holds the interest better due to its inferences and unseen sub-plots, an early gem by director Archie Mayo, ahead of its time for its imaginative storyline, and great scene shots, a captivating film as a whole simply for standing out among the rest! Watch this one, it's very good!!
I saw this film when it first came out. I liked it then and I like it now. Some argue that its a little too heavy on the patriotism. But if you remember it was made at a time when we weren't sure how the war would come out, the context keeps patriotism in perspective. Back then most everyone supported the war effort and the doubters kept their doubts to themselves. There were virtually no families without at least one member in the service and most of the non-service people worked in defense jobs. "So Proudly We Hail" was a timely film when it was made and 60+ years later its message is still relevant as an historical event.
Amazingly awful! With a story as deep as a kiddie pool, we're exposed to black ops stupidity as an entourage of B-movie standards leads us through a tour in Nam'! Can't get any more badass than that huh? Wait...there's more! Vietnamese hookers that look Mediterranean! Still with me? A guy gets a spear to the nuts! Don't get up for air! I'm not finished! Jesus fights off middle aged punks in a hotel lobby, then proceeds to murder an army of dogs and highly explosive buildings! Then all of the sudden...Woody "The Man Hammuh" Strode! See this movie or die unfulfilled! Buy it or else Italy can't make movies anymore! Yours and mine, The Lazy Southerner
I watched this  it was included among the extras on Warners' DVD of DODGE CITY (1939)  as part of a 5-cartoon marathon to commemorate the 100th Anniversary from the birth of one of the most important figures in animation history: Tex Avery. It was actually remade  and considerably improved upon  by THE SHOOTING OF DAN McGOO (1945), a Droopy 'vehicle'; while remarkably similar in many respects to the later classic, one of my favorite Averys, it is a minor (if still highly enjoyable) effort  for one thing, because of an anonymous i.e. less sympathetic protagonist, but also its more primitive quality (Avery's Fred Quimby-produced MGM efforts being generally superior to his stuff at Warners).
Being a Brit living in Canada it was nice to see a glimpse of Blighty. I liked the way this film used the documentary style of filming. The grainyness gave it a even more realistic touch. Gina Mckee was outstanding as usual. It reminded me a little of some mike leigh filcks. Best of all i liked the way it didn't try to preach as so many films about working class Brits(like myself) do, they showed the characters as flawed indivduals but there was a undercurrent of love flowing in the film( Gina mckee's scenes with her dad always outside as to avoid her mother.) Sheer class the best English film i have scene for along time.
First of all I would like to thank Sabiha Sumar and Kiron Kher for presenting a wonderful masterpiece. This movie moved my emotions, it was so touching that it put me in tears. Kiron Kher's role as Ayesha alias Veero was excellent, she was the perfect fit for the role, no one else could replace her.I am proud to know that there are people like you who stand up for the truth and I thank you for all your efforts and passion. There is no doubt that your recent achievements will be spoken of for some more time to come and the admiration for your accomplishments is felt by all of us.Please accept my heartiest congratulations for your success.
This indie sex comedy lives up to its billing. Kisses and Caroms builds up to a humorous and satisfactory climax. There is quite an array of offbeat characters that enter in and out of the Billiards store! For something that was made on the ultra-cheap, I was impressed with the production value; excellent sound, good lighting and all around technically competent. The DVD has an excellent menu system, including a "Flash" tease. I also loved the play on Dreamworks' opening logo! "Helium" was a nice bonus, as well. As some others have commented, I would like to see where Mr. Rocca's career goes. It seems that he has the smarts and creativity to pull off something special.
Excellent casting. Scott Perry did a bang up job on this short. I personally recalled elements of Alan Arkin's "Simon", Lucas' "THX-1138" and the British sit-com "Asylum" (Simon Pegg). For a small production, it was well shot and appropriately lit. I especially enjoyed the fact that Perry played the character "straight", as it were, and gave that realistic push in order for the audience to appreciate the plot. I hate the point system, and cinephiles might become physically ill at my rating as compared to the history of short film, but I think it's a keeper. I mean, it ain't no "La Jetee", but as far as relevance to virtual reality and drug culture, it does have a place.
hey folks, this is the best show Robbie has ever given, his voice as gentle as can be, entertainment at its best. I've been a Robbie fan since the beginning, even when he was with take that, he was born to be a entertainer, he's got the talent from his dad, who's a well-known comedian in england.Robbie's comedic talent, his gestures, his voice, the whole charisma, has made him to what he is now: THE mega star! if you aren't a fan of Robbie yet, you will become after watching the show! you need to watch this! it's a kick in the head, as Robbie would say. kind regards, his no 1 fan
I thought D-Yikes was a pretty decent South Park episode.It has Mr Garrison changing once again.It's really funny, at the beginning of the series he started off as a straight(maybe in the closet) male, then he comes out of the closet as a homosexual male, then he got a sex change operation and became a straight female, then in this episode, she becomes a lesbian! After she becomes a lesbian, she visits a bar where lesbians hang out called "LesBos".But it is being bought by Persians and as a spoof of the movie "300", the lesbians fight the persians while Garrison finds a secret of her own about the persian leader.It's alright but not the best South Park episode.
Like Curtis, this movie freaked me out when I was eight years old. I always thought that it was Cathy Silvers and tonight I was watching the 30 year reunion for Happy Days and thought, Let's Google!! Well, her filmography didn't list any TV shows (I would have never remembered Daughter of the Mind ) and found the Pamelyn Ferdin website and then ended up here. One of my life's greatest enigmas has been answered and now I plan to try and locate the movie from the vaults of Movie of the Week which gave rise to Mystery of the week which gave rise to McMillan and Wife, Columbo, The Night Stalker, and McCloud. Whew. Isn't the Internet wonderful?!!
Wow. This really is a lousy movie. There is not one single instance in this film where it doesn't feel like a comedy trying to pull itself off as a thriller. And we know what happens then, don't we? Complete with 2D-characters and single-minded acting, some grotesque details and stupid dialogue, "Sökarna" slithers at the bottom of the heap of bad Swedish movies. Looking back at this film feels like looking back towards the end of a very long tunnel - even though it was made as late as '92. Well...I hear of a sequel. And unless the guy with the skinned fox on his shoulder (yes, you heard me) is in it, I won't go see it.
I saw this film at the Austin Film Festival last week. Definitely above average, but there were places where the story felt disjointed, such as why Max has such an attitude about Western women--the opening scene doesn't do it for me. And a little more about why Max is running into financial trouble would have been nice. Overall, a very good movie with standout performances from Warburton, Marie Matiko and Eric Roberts. What I liked most is that this was a non-threatening exploration of spirituality and attitudes towards marriage, as well as the genuine emotions evoked at the end of the film. It deserves a wide release and the opportunity to find an audience beyond the festival circuit.
This was horrible! Millions of people? The earth opens up? This movie description was so misleading and untrue. I expected a truly grand scale disaster, man against nature perhaps, with only brilliant and heroic ways to save the victims. Sand? How scary can sand be? Woohoo. I wasted two hours I can never get back. Cheap special effects, errors in editing, bad acting, poor sets, costume errors, and a cheesy, flawed storyline. Characters were superficial with little depth and finally a sudden family bond and understanding develops in a Disney like fairytale ending. This is so bad, even for a made for TV production. Just a suggestion to run away to all those who are interested in this movie.
Wow! This takes you into the heart of a different part of the world where freedom is not something that is taken for granted. Richard Gere gets infatuated with the wrong woman, & when he wakes up, she is dead. At first, he doesn't seem to have a say so in his plea. He has to plea with his (female) lawyer to get her to change it. I am glad that our court system is not like theirs. Richard Gere's decision to put himself back into the hands of his lawyer after he is safe at the Embassy shows that he is honorable, & thank God his lawyer can prove his innocence! The story is both moving & touching.
For some reason, Wile E. Coyote - aka Eatibus anythingus) never figures out that he just can't catch Road Runner - aka Hot rodicus supersonicus). In "Stop! Look! and Hasten!", he uses a Burmese tiger trap (guess what he catches!), a spring-up metal wall, and muscle-building pills, but absolutely nothing does what he wants. Is this cartoon mostly stuff that we've seen before? Maybe so, but how can you not like seeing him get hung by his own petard? All in all, the combination of director Chuck Jones and writer Michael Maltese, plus Mel Blanc as Road Runner, makes for another classic. How many cartoons would think to mention anything relating to Burma (or is it called Myanmar)?
Don't look for for exacting factual screenplay here, rather enjoy Gary Cooper's sensitive acting. I agree it runs more like a play and in that sense is done very well and all the actors perform well. Half the fun of this movie is watching the younger supporting cast and identifying the future stars of Hawaii FiveO, Bewitched, The Nightstalker, and a few others I haven't figured out yet. You'll see better than half the supporting cast on the situational comedies of the 1950's. The cross examination scene with Rod Steiger and Gary Cooper is pretty good too. As much as I like Gary Cooper it would have been interesting, and probably a better movie, to see Cagney as Mitchell.
"Big Night" came off to me exactly like a movie that a bunch of actors who were friends decided to make together and of course each one wanted at least one big dramatic scene for themselves, so those of their friends that were writing the script and the friend directing gave them each one. And that was pretty much the entire story. They forgot that acting is not about "playing a character," it is about giving the audience an experience. My experience was that they were not in the least concerned with me, the watcher. It was all ego on the screen. I was bored throughout. I felt the same way about "The Imposters," which Tucci also co-wrote.
Only this and the Bourne Identity have a car chase that I rate this high, the fact that it was filmed in Paris actually added to the authenticity of the chase. I thoroughly enjoyed this film, and aside from the car chase, I still get 'tingles' when watching the fight scene with the tall and short guys in the office, the soundtrack playing during this scene works very well with it. This is Jet Li at his best, without too much fighting, which (although I love it) can sometimes become a bit tiresome if you just get fight scene after fight scene. Excellent use of the soundtrack, blistering stuff, which I can't rate less than 10!
This is perhaps the most obvious, undisguised script plagiarism that I have ever had the misfortune of watching. This movie completely and shamelessly rips off the "Alien" franchise, and does so with extra-cheesy production value, "Dr. Who" quality sets and special effects, and some of the worst dead-faced, deadpan acting ever recorded. I mean, my God...aliens with acid blood that pop out of people's chests, who run around screeching and curling their lips over their pointy glass teeth??? And a small team of soldiers to hunt them down? They even rip off the Bill Paxton character in James Cameron's "Aliens," only this time the whiny hysterical soldier is played by Nicholas Lea of the "X-Files." An absolutely horrible movie.
I work at a video rental store, so I get to rent movies for free. I like horror movies, really any type of movie. As someone else stated the covers for these monstrosities are getting much better. I rented this one on a whim because it didn't look too bad, but I was way off point. The acting is terrible, the plot is terrible, the script is terrible, everything about this movie is terribad. How it even got picked up for production is a feat in itself. Don't waste your time on this piece of crap. It's an hour and a half of your life you will never get back. At least it didn't cost me any money.
This film attempts a novel approach to a well-used theme. It is yet another mission to Mars film, but this time it is filmed as though it is live TV coverage of the final stages of the mission- with background interviews etc to fill the gaps. Apart from the irritating manner of the on-board journalist, this film is well enough presented; it certainly deserved better publicity that it received. But the ending, whilst interesting, leaves the viewer with too many questions. In some ways it is good to leave something undecided- it leaves more for the imagination. Unfortunately it can also leave a sense of dissatisfaction, as it did for me. Still, it made for a memorable film.
STAR RATING:*****Unmissable****Very Good***Okay**You Could Go Out For A Meal Instead*Avoid At All Costs Nowhere To Run carefully conveys some touching,poignant moments,absent from every other Van Damme film except Legionnaire,but clumsily portrays them.The charecter development is poorly worked out,with potentially great charecters to build on either being killed off too early,or too quick to shed their skin.More of the film Van Damme obviously concentrated on being more dramatic,but ultimately the action scenes are as usual,especially so at the end,what take over,but again,this is too rapidly conveyed to have any real lasting effect,other than to do what any other basic Van Damme film would do.For a truely dramatic break from the norm,Legionnaire remains the Van Damme film to talk about.**
While it is definitely true that there are characters that do not experience a 180 degree change by the end of the film, the characters don't stay the same, either. And since that isn't the plot point that the movie hinges on, it doesn't feel like it matters in the end. The majority of the characters come across as very real people, three-dimensional, and not movie-clichés. The actors are wonderful; there is no hesitation in any of the performances (even in the most revealing scenes). I bought the American DVD, which included a commentary with the director, and actors Pascal Greggory and Cyrille Thouvenin, and was especially delighted to find that they had done the commentary in English.
I loved this short. Not only for the light hearted plot but also for the music. Best of all is the location at which it was made, the now razed Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. So sad a national landmark is gone. So much history involving both celebrities of a bygone Hollywood era, but also political significance since it was in the Ballroom kitchen that Robert Kennedy was assassinated. This short but sweet clip gave a glimpse at the Coconut Grove nightclub and the Ambassadors outdoor grounds as it was in it's heyday. What a treat it was for me to watch it and for 19 minutes, in some small way, feel like I was there. Cool clip.
Rated TV-MA for Violence and Some Sexual Content. Cowboy Bebop is a 26 episode animated series from Japan.Now to tell you the truth, I am not a really big fan of anime, I like the fairly violent anime films and the original dragon ball series but I am not a big fan of any others...except this one of course.If you are a fan of anime, you must watch this show now! It is amazing! Excellent story,characters,humor,drama etc.The show is basically about three(later four) bounty hunters and them doing their job.There was also a film adaptation of this, which I saw before watching the series.The movie is excellent as well.If you are an anime fan, check this one out.
A beautifully directed, well acted, and consistently faithful adaptation of the first of Sigrid Undset's Nobel Prize-winning novels about her fourteenth-century fictitious heroine, Kristin Lavransdatter. The movie perfectly captures the genius of the novel(s), the external and internal drama of a young woman's struggle with pride and sin, her rebellion against the good and yet her longing for it. Kristin's religious milieu, sympathetically but not sentimentally portrayed in the movie, forms a powerful backdrop against which this drama plays out. My only regret is that they did not make sequels out of the second and third Lavransdatter novels to complete the trilogy, since, indeed, the ending of the movie and of the first novel leave you hungering for more.
scared me a lot, good story line, the only horror to date that scared me, acting was good, some well know actors i will be buying on DVD, will watch again, music build up was good but to much blood, had us holding to on to our teddys tightley i was to too scared to go downstairs too get a drink on my own, had a to watch another film before i could go to sleep, surprise to see to was make in 2002 because i have never heard of it before, 10 out of 10 it a must see movie but watch it alone if you dare if not watch with a friend
Obviously, this film is not for everyone. It is quite a postmodern movie with lots of background meanings. There are hidden connections not only to the movies "Sukiyaki" is a remake of, but also to the ancient Japanese "Heike Monogatari" (The Tale of the Heike) and even Shakespeare's "Henry VI". So, this work could be compared to the Japanese poetic genre "haikai no renga", а comic though quite emotional poem. This movie is not a deep philosophical opus, it is quite light and easy to watch, though it is for "those, who know". I am quite sure "Sukiyaki" will take a deserved place in the connoisseurs' movie library like some other "experimental" movies (i.e. "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead").
This anniversary special is quite interesting as it features excellent performances from all involved. The natural chemistry of Patrick Troughton and Nicholas Courtney for instance is one of the truly shining elements of this production. Also Richard Hurdnall does a remarkably good and under rated version of the 1st Doctor. It is most interesting to see the 1st Doctor paired up with Tegan as they both have intense egos which work brilliantly in tandem. Meanwhile we have the familiar couplings of the 3rd Doctor and Sarah Jane along with just strange choices - Turlough and Susan. This adventures captures the spirit of Doctor Who at it's finest, and is quite well written, acted, and executed for an anniversary special!
plot=0 shooting=0 script=1 direction=5 photography=nil acting=pretty poor This movie could have been entirely shot with a personal VCR. The script could have been written by an average Argentinian on a piece of paper, nothing original. Perhaps it causes a certain effect on people outside Argentina, but I can compare it with below-mediocre locally oriented films such as "The Firm" or "Meantime" from the UK. Sorry, this film does not do for me, there is no art behind this socially motivated short story. In the same line of socially motivated films you'll find finer examples on Argentine cinema: "Buenos Aires, Viceversa" or "El Polaquito". I have to believe this film was more an experiment than a full scale movie.
I really enjoyed this movie, even better than No, which was also subtle and quirky. The dialogue is flawless. Both Lepage's sibling portrayals are spot on, the cinematography tricks are engaging and perfectly pitched, as is the supporting cast. My only quip is... boy, aren't there any literate Russians in Canada? There are at least two major misspellings, one above the entrance to Tsiolkovsky Institute in (presumably) Moscow (there is no such institution in real life). The other is on the poster at the airport towards the end of the movie. And the Aeroflot announcement on the plane to Moscow sounds just a little bit accented and un-Aeroflotish. Again, this is a great movie and should be widely seen.
I thought the movie was quite good, capturing the high of being young in big bad wonderful world. The acting was believable enough for me, and also I thought the use of pop (and not so pop) music was done well. As for content, The Beach raises deep issues on how we deal with our own existence, experience, sanity and commitments to other people: there did seem to be more noble purpose than just speculating in the emotions of the viewer. Although many find fault with the film, I think - at very least - it deserves credit for the choice of material, and credit for having brought this material to fruition in the form of a Hollywood movie.
Fair enough this film has superb scenery, a great plot, and decent actors, however I cannot help but to be disappointed with the adaption. It is in Boyle's style but it isn't suited to the film, if you have read the book then I'm sure you will agree that it could have been much better - the viewer should watch the film and then fail to understand how they could ever leave such a place. Too much time is concentrated on Daffy and Richard following his path, unlike in the novel. Also, I think it is appropriate to mention here that it is left open nicely to either a sequel or prequel. This film could have been an epic!
"24" sticks Sutherland in the vortex of suspenseful intrigues involving an assassination plot, kidnapping, murder, countless looks askance, um...oh, yeah, and the in-flight demolition of a jumbo jet. Set in 24 hours of real time where a minute in the series is a minute on the screen, this 16 hour (approx with the deficit going to commercial advertising time) linear story heaps suspense upon suspense filling huge, gaping plotholes with it for a riveting edge-of-the-seat small screen experience. All but the most analytical cynics will get caught up in this well crafted thriller which squeezes 10 pounds of dramaction into a 5 pound bag magically making room for the excess with hi-tech gadgetry. Good stuff for t.v. junkies. (B)
That movie is a piece of art, one of the best directions actually, an incredible screenplay, a very human story. Incredible actors and very very good direction. Excellent Candela Peña, very hard work to create the character, you can fall in love with her in the first scene. Probably it is not an example of life, talking about the characters, but if it could happened,it was in the 70s. A very intelligent movie, rare on Spain, Im sure that Ingmar Bergman couldn't directed it better. I smiled, cried and laughed with that movie. Im really proud to meet the director in person. And I have to say him: Pablo thanks for that movie, and thanks for how you are.
Have you ever watched one of those movies where, after about 30 minutes, you realize that you really, really wish that the capable actors in it were in something a bit better written? This is one of those movies. Now, actors like Varney, Haim, and Nielsen are usually not given much in the way of regard but each is capable of a decent performance in a decent movie. We're not talking DeNiro or Kidman here, just actors capable of doing a decent job. Sadly, they get cast in utter crap like this. If you're a die-hard fan of these actors, it might be worth watching. If not, carefully put the video box down and back away slowly. Matt
I think 'Mind Game' is one of those movies that you either really like or really hate, but never in the middle. I spent first 20 minutes itching to turn it off since the animation style didn't seem all that pleasant, but then things just kept happening and before I knew it I was really immersed in it. 'Mind Game' has everything: irony, action, humour , even romance; and it touches practically every aspect of human life, going from relationships to domestic problems. All that covered in psychedelic imagery leaves a great impression. You might experience various emotions watching this movie but one thing for sure, you won't feel like you've wasted your time when it's over.
Not a bad try,Yes it's a cheap B movie ..but its easy viewing and enjoyable.Some so-called reviews on IMDb take themselves way too seriously and movies at that!, and had knocked down these kinda B movies. If your one of these annoying train-spotting IMDb reviewer. Then please do not watch this movie ,Just go a bury your heads in the sand, and tap together your little red shoes 'there's no place like home'. I'm sure that the wizard of oz ..would be more enjoyable for you anyway. Ratings dated 90's graphics 7 out of 10 background music 7 out of 10 acting 6 out of 10 story line 5 out of 10 enjoyablity factor 8 out of 10.
I'm glad I saw this movie for free, because I would not dish out $2 to see it. The acting is horrible and the parodies of the other movies are not done well. I don't think I laughed more than twice the entire movie, and even those were small chuckles. The soundtrack used in the movie is comprised of simply played out songs that have appeared in many movies already. Even though the point of the movie was to have shocking plot twists by referencing various pop culture ideas and movies, the movie was completely predictable at all times. The only thing that kept me watching this movie was Alyson Hannigan herself. Save your money on this one.
Just got the game a few hours ago, and holy crap, once you get past the training level, you just don't wanna stop playing the game, its so fun, swinging around new york as spider-man and now BLACK spider-man!, and this time, New york is MUCH larger than in Spider-man 2. You can do so much, and on the Ps3 version, there's 10 Story lines, one of those being the movie storyline of course, this is a massive game, the voice acting is surprisingly great as well. The Swinging and getting up buildings quickly will be hard to grasp at first, but after an hour or two, you won't wanna turn off your ps3. 9 out of 10
I have seen this movie several times since owning it and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in history, golf, Ben Hogan, or generally being entertained. Upon creating any movie about a real person, Hollywood may choose to cast a light in a certain manner and in the vein of entertainment, what is the harm? Some may indicate that Mr. Hogan was not as cheerful and compassionate as Glenn Ford's version but that is simply opinion. The bottom line is that Follow the Sun is very well made and acted and if you are a fan of Ben Hogan, you will love it as I do. I am looking forward to a DVD release.
Stranded is a story about 5 scantily clad women who end up on an island. There are few surprises in the plot. The scenery is nice and the camera work lacks noticeable flaws to distract from the storyline. The acting and directing are average at best. I am blessed that I had reading material to entertain me while using this movie for background noise.The most redeeming aspect of this film is the skilled use of the "chicken cutlets". My time would have been better spent reorganizing my silverware drawer. It is no wonder that no member of this cast hasn't had steady work in the acting profession. Comedy would be a more appropriate genre to be assigned this film.
French movies are used to investigating human thoughts, behaviors. Chabrol makes it perfectly. As you might know, he is a typical french director, sometimes boring but specially relevant and with accurate analysis in this film. The feeling of jealousy and suspicion is perfectly described, Jacques Gamblin as a tortured painter is, as always, amazing and touching. The well known humorist for his Euro Trash show, Antoine De Caunes, is scheming and surprisingly good enough. It's true that Sandrine Bonnaire and Valeria Tedeschi are kind of insipid and correspond to the cold french girl stereotype I hate. Anyway, the film is perfectly directed as a french thriller, which actually helps to know a bit more about the birth of jealousy.
I found this movie under the Comedy section of Blockbusters (God knows why...it should be in Horror) about 10 years ago. It looked interesting so I rented it. It's certainly different. It's about a bunch of elderly people turning into killers to prevent their building from being torn down. The acting is pretty good and the killings are pretty scary (but within a PG rating)...but this is treated as a comedy. I found nothing funny about the situation at all. And when they start killing each other off over nothing the movie went too far. Lousy ending too. Still, it's worth catching if you want to see something different and the acting is quite good from the entire cast.
I could not wait for this film to be over. The film did not give you a reason to want to keep watching it. I don't understand what the director was trying to accomplish with this movie. What a waste of money. The movie was really predictable. The acting was not bad. The objective is clear, but the director failed at making the journey interesting and there was not enough rooting interest where you were eager to keep watching. It is a shame that African American actors have to be reduced to having to make such poor quality films. It is better to pass on these types of films, and wait or develop projects that are entertaining and meaningful.
Never before has a modern film so perfectly succeeded in capturing the look, style and feel of the 70's Sexploitation classics. Anna Biller's "Viva" is an explosion of color, humor and schlock done to the nines, besting attempts made by far bigger-budgeted flicks like "Austin Powers" and "Grindhouse" in truly recreating a bygone era. It's a true skin-comedy epic that delivers everything the gorgeous promotional art promises, and will no doubt become a cult classic among those with a true affinity for well-done homage. I watched this with some friends and there were times when we had to actually stop the DVD because we were laughing so hard! The prostitution and nudist camp scenes are simply unbelievable. Highly recommended.
I have rarely seen a worse movie than this one. What a disappointment from this cast. The production values alone are cheap cheap cheap! They couldn`t even afford proper makeup for the lepers, who look like they are suffering from acne, not to mention bad acting. What a waste of great talent Martin Sheen, Alan Arkin, and Ralph Bellamy. The sets are atrocious, most of it is painted back drops. Who would think of riding a horse through the desert? We never even get to see the face of Jesus, one can only assume he wouldn`t show his face in such a poor production. The music should also have been canned. Do not waste your time on this crap!
I received a free preview ticket for this and should have stayed home. This was just an awful waste of time and money. I have to think that there is someone out there who could have used the studio's money for something better. There were actually people laughing uncontrollably at a guy getting hit in the groin with a paint ball! It was painfully obvious that this was getting ready to happen. It was like a bad sitcom pilot that went on for way too long. The only good thing here is that there are some fairly attractive females. Oh well, I guess this just wasn't for me. I really shouldn't be complaining though, it was free after all...
Holly Hunter is always worth watching. But this was my first Brittany Murphy movie and I'll go out of my way not to see her again. Her bug-eyed expression, which she must think is appropriate for every scene, plus her open-mouthed pout and twitchy jerking from expression to expression make this movie almost unwatchable. She seems to think she's the next Meg Ryan -- she's not even close. I tried to enjoy the flick in spite of her; it can't be done. She awkwardly jerks through every scene. Holly Hunter is great as a more cynical version of her character in Broadcast News. Ron Livingston demonstrates the art of subtle acting, something Murphy badly needs lessons on.
I expected so much more from Mick Malloy and Glen Robbins. This movie was definitely a 'cringer'. The plot was thin, the humor was weak, immature and unchecked - like little boys laughing at their own jokes. As a woman I was offended, not so much by the lyrics themselves, but by the concept that women in general would be entertained by such rubbish. On the more positive side, I felt that 1980's style film clips were effective and realistic. I quite enjoyed the contemporary BoyTown film clips and would have appreciated lyrics with intelligent humor. The acting was good, filming effective. I would definitely not put this in the same class as The Dish, The Castle or Crackerjack.
This movie really deserves a 0 vote because it was so cheap. the title had nothing to do with the movie and had nothing to do with the plot. This movie was not even close to being a horror because I could not stop laughing about the horrible acting. I can't believe Blockbuster would put such crap on their shelves. It was peculiar how the school at the beginning only had four students in the hallways. Maybe it is because this movie had a low budget. But please do not waste money on this movie. It makes for a good comedy but not a horror. Overall the plot just a mess and did not make any sense...
Formulaic, lightweight comedy -- so lightweight it almost floats off into thin air -- about an insecure chick (pop-eyed, pencil-thin Brittany Murphy) who sneaks a peek in her boyfriend's (somber Ron Livingston) Palm and definitely doesn't like what she finds there. Before she is done, she has managed to corral three of his former gal pals and they along with the boyfriend appear as unwitting guests on a Sally Jesse Raphael (Kathy Bates) -type TV talk show where much dirty laundry is exposed, thanks to the machinations of an evil show producer (steely-jawed Holly Hunter). It's a paycheck, I suppose, but what in the hell is Oscar winner Kathy Bates doing in 'tween' crap like this?
After watching the first 3 in a two period to see what was so good about the series, I decided to watch this as an off-chance. I was horribly disappointed. While it might have come out before Shanghai Noon, this was just plain unbearable to watch with painfully BAD stereotypical dialogue with a plot thrown in around the last 2/3rd of the movie. Do yourself some justice and skip this movie if given an option. Only watch it for morbid curiosity, but you'll only be disappointed. I feel like this horrible film tainted my eyes after watching the first 3, which were full of movie magic. The action scenes in this one didn't even keep my attention at times.
There is not one redeeming quality about this thing that tries to pass itself off as a movie. For starters, it is one of those "self-aware" films that uses cutesy humor to show the viewer how clever it thinks it is. It also manages to be offensive to women, homosexuals, teenagers, African-Americans, the Catholic Church, and many others. On a technical level, it is totally inept. It seems the filmmakers never got over rejection in high school and decided to strike back at their imagined tormentors. Get over it, guys. The bottom line? If you can stomach over 90 minutes of fart jokes and moronic sound effects, then by all means throw your money away on this cinematic abomination.
the title says it all, "I am the Cheese". This movie is nothing but cheesy. The movie makes no sense at all for those who haven't read the book, it makes a little sense to those who have read the book. The acting is terrible, the character lacked charisma it's almost like they are reading from a script. And last of all, the movie is boring, they are good boring movies like " lost in Translation" etc. This movie is everything you don't want you movie to be. Anyway, DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE. It's the ultimate embarrassment if anyone catch you watching this. The book is a worth read but STAY AWAY FORM THIS
Go back to the beginning and the Lutzes.could we have imagined back then what their hoax was going to do to the world .even to this day people keep trying to go to the house which has been remodeled and the address changed,hollywood still keeps churning out these stupid fictitous movies regarding the orginal hoax ..the owners who moved in after the lutzes never had any incidents and even sued hollywood and the lutzes for fabricating the whole thing. Makes me wanna go back in time and kidnap ronald defeo to avoid the whole thing. Crappy movie after crappy movie all because one family couldnt pay their bills so they had to concoct the most infamous paranormal hoax ever.
I hated Adrenaline Rush: The science of Risk. Not that I hate documentaries, I just hated this movie that's it. No but seriously, the dialogs were boring and there were only 2 positive things I found in this stupid documentary : The stunts were crazy and they were performed in nice places. The last positive thing in this documentary are the parachutes and engines were captivating . Unfortunately, these 2 positive things appeared only 4 to 5 times throughout the movie. You might like it, but I didn't. It's not worth paying to watch this piece of crap. If you really want to see it, wait until the DVD. And I'm not even sure about the a DVD Release.
It is incomprehensible how this footage ever saw the light of day. I cannot believe a TV station would dare air it, even TBN, as just happened in Dallas. This work is so poor, in so many ways. More recent critiques and comments in this area do offer some needed explanation for the failed script, acting, directing and all technical aspects of this... film. Even low budget indy writers and directors I know, would never make the rookie mistakes displayed here. They are simply inexcusable. The concept for this script is so lame, I cannot imagine anything making it salvageable. I cannot even justify a further investment of time to comment on it. What an embarrassment.
This movie is a waste of material and precious time... avoid it if possible. All parts are trivial, no real horrors... The plot is plain as it can get, you know how it will end before it begins. The beginning is the opening to your trials: guts cut out, woman pinned to the wall with a knife. Donr by who? A guy in a hoodie. Dear mother of God you could score with it in 1984 but not in 2007!! Then all psycho wrecks are killed by facing their own fears... Again, who's the psychiatrist? The Saw guy... Who's the second doctor? Gabrielle from Xena... like what?! The almost-closing scene with those gardening tools is really gross and loosy.
This Martin Sheen film went almost completely unnoticed on its release, probably because the film company knew it wouldn't be worth promoting it. The film is a bit pretentious; it's characters speak lines in a manner that no one would really say in our real world. The actors do the best they can with the script they were given (including Blythe Danner, Craig T. Nelson, and Sebastian Dungan as Martin Sheen's 10-year old French son). It's not their fault, but the fault of the screenwriter Erich Segal (who also wrote the novel). Towards the end the movie goes to extremes to jerk the tears out of the two or three people sitting in the theatre. Really, not very good.
The movie has a horror category.It justifies its horror category via use of dumb dialog, and acting that must be a deliberate spoof,characterization that borders on moronic. The references to the living accommodations were for an apartment but it looked like a motel room.I can't identify one redeeming feature of this movie. If I paid full theater price for this waste of film I would never go to another movie.Watching cartoons would be preferable.I was lucky because the DVD I rented was defective and only about fifty percent of it was viewable. Save your money by not bothering with this piece of junk. Does anyone with movie making knowledge approve of a piece of work before it is released?
The only reason I gave this movie 2 out of 10 instead just 1 is because I found acting pretty solid and good old "jumpy" effects a la John Carpenter copied pretty well (like she is walking back and bumping into someone - simple but still scary). Solid camera and good editing in that way. Everything else about this film is a cheap and extremely stupid Hollywood mishmash of the horror ideas exploited much better at the beginning of the last century. Girl babysitting a boy-devil that eats flash of baby-sitters is the prevalent idea of the whole movie. I saw more intelligent horror ideas among the 7 year old kids. I wish I disregarded the comments I read.
I remember watching this movie back in '55 in Great Falls, Montana. It was a fun flick. Sterling Hayden did his usual Sterling Hayden performance. It was not Godfather worthy, but acceptable. The scenery was familiar to us, being Montanans. I actually did some lumber jacking in my college years. It is heavy work. After the movie, we stopped at a soda fountain. I stuffed the jukebox with a couple of quarters and punched in the song, "Timberjack". It was set to play twelve times. (If you put in a quarter instead of a nickle, you got six plays.) After the fourth play, the proprietor came over and unplugged the jukebox. We laughed our way out of the place.
I had the privilege of meeting the great man himself, Al Pacino. He is a God to me. However even God makes mistakes too. This mistake was 88 Minutes. The man who portrayed Tony Montana in Scarface & Frank Serpico in Serpico has really disappointed with this latest release.When I met Mr. Pacino the day after he won his Best Actor Oscar for Scent of a Woman. I was in awe of this man.He was making another soon-to-be classic, Carlito's Way.I remember thinking this is a man who will never drop the ball as an actor- he will never give a bad performance- he will never not deliver....but you know what he has and it took only 88 Minutes.
In my reading experience Timeline is one of my favorite books, the story is great. You'd never know that if you watched the movie. The only thing I like in this movie better than the book is the time machine, it looks pretty cool but the rest is horrible. I could guarantee you I, myself, in my limited acting experience could portray any of those characters, even the female leads better than how the actors portrayed them. And although the time machine looks pretty cool the time travel sequence is horribly lackluster to the special effects it deserves. DON'T BUY IT. DON'T EVEN RENT IT. Ladies, if you want to see Paul Walker in a film rent Varsity Blues.
I found Michael Crichton's novel "Timeline" to be one of those - can't put it down - experiences. One of my acoustic music jam buddies worked post-production (computer) on this film, so I REALLY wanted to like it. No such luck. So much of the plot and characters have been changed, persons familiar with the novel are not going to accept this as the "Timeline" that they know. I am confused; if the film writers are going to tamper with EVERYTHING why even claim association with the book. Like "Sphere" this is a classic example of a good idea gone very wrong. Watch it if you like, but don't say that you were not warned.
This movie just sounds too plain awful. I can't even imagine seeing this film un-Mystified right before my eyes. And what I mean by that is watching it without the ultimate "Mystery Science Theater 3000" treatment this movie deserves. I've seen some "Mystery Science Theater 3000" episodes in my life, and believe me, watching most of these movies as originally intended (as in a theater, of course) would give be permanent depression! And this would most likely include this movie, too! So if you happen to come upon "The Touch of Satan," do yourself and your mind a favor: watch it with Mike and the Bots, will you, please? I've never seen it, but I know I'll do that!
This effort attempts to be humorous via sheer puerility but fails miserably. The reason for its failure is at least three-fold: 1) No scriptwriters were employed during this production 2) Actors with ability were deemed entirely unnecessary 3) The advert for the sound man appeared in the "Deaf Times" It would be an affront to all films ever made (independent or otherwise, and including Gigli) to label this plotless effort as a "film"; this "attempt" is truly dreadful. I shiver when I recall the crass manner of "acting" in this "thing"; please do not make the same mistake I made in watching this. Waste no money, no time or even bandwidth on this!
Bad movie fans will appreciate this Italian attempt to make a quick buck on the popularity of "Star Wars." Everyone else should avoid it as they would a rabid weasel. Even Italian children, no doubt the film's target audience, must have felt insulted after the first couple reels of this low budget non-epic. That being said, "La Guerra Dei Robot" does have a sort of cheesy charm. It's plot attempts to parallel the first "Star Wars" movie with truly hilarious results. Also the faux "Star Trek" make up of it's crew is funny in a painfully dumb sort of way. In sum, unless you're a fan of crummy sci-fi movies, keep away from this one.
Santa Clause Conquers the Martians is a paragon of cinematic art compared to this, ummmm, work. The robots and one of the human crew seem to share the same wigs, which look to have been swiped from the classic "U.F.O." series. Never have soldiers with worse aim been seen, and Lois & the Professor's motivations are entirely unknowable. The dubbing is galactically bad, but even more jarring is the way that some of the hacks^H^H^H^H^Hactors speak English and some speak Italian. Must have been a fun set. But, hey, for a whopping 40 cents as part of the Chilling Classics set-o-50, you can't go wrong. Malisa Longo is a robo-babe. She can be my empress any day 8^)
Is it really possible for a movie to be this bad? I only watched this because my friend attempted to rent part 1 but accidently picked up the sequel instead. This movie is beyond horrible. Our heroes are so stupid ("Today's the day of the time change!***I can't believe none of us remembered!(???) ***) you start wishing the cannibals would just hurry things along and finish them off, or the bus will run over a land mine and they'll all die at once or something. The only even marginally entertaining in this movie is an unintentionally hilarious bit in which the pet dog has a flashback to the previous movie; I almost laughed myself to tears after seeing that.
As an electrician, the final resolution for the posed problem is not just beyond possibility... It's beyond reasoning and certainly not plausible except to the most uneducated or jaded viewer. And to partially blame the hybrid hopper on Australia! Who writes this stuff? The premise, while fantastic, could have been much better executed. For all intents it appears that the writers have taken their 90 minutes of screen time, built their story (albeit thin), executed the major plot points (how did the bugs survive the truck on the airfield tarmac?) and then tried to coast home on some pitifully thin technical excuse for a solution. Thank goodness for weather balloons, silver streamers & diverted voltage!!! Give me a break.
Having become interested after slowly being drawn in, by the tease of what was to come I battled through poor acting and sets, for the end finale. Of course, what does this say about me? However, reading so many of the comments here about the authenticity of the tape and the characters, I would point out this. At the end, in the credits, it does say that all the characters and events are fiction and any relation to any real character or event are purely coincidental. The premise for the film is good, based on how voyeuristic we, as cinema goers and a society, have become but it doesn't do itself any favours by being so badly made.
Legendary flop from director George Cuckor and stars Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant and Edmund Gwenn concerns a young woman from Paris and her wily con-artist father taking it on the lam from police, eventually hitching up with a traveling vaudeville show with the girl disguised as a boy. Good-looking production based on Compton Mac Kenzie's book, but strident and shrill. Cuckor fails to modulate the scenes in a way that would endear these characters to the audience, and the resulting fiasco seems like an overly-quirky inside joke. Hepburn survives it with her sense of humor intact, but Grant is especially poor as a Cockney chap who gets involved with the sneaky twosome. A meandering, confounding misfire. *1/2 from ****
After the Big Fat Greek wedding (that I liked), this was awful... got the feeling that the Greek tourist agency paid a lot to 'force' them to make this movie..... resulting in this uninspired 'movie'..... in fact I would not call this a real movie.... it's more a far too long commercial for Greece...... but it's worse than that because you get a strange impression of the country and I can't imagine that the Greek tourist agency had this intention... what a waste of time an energy....... I was expecting a feel-good movie of the BFG-Wedding caliber....... maybe that was the reason that this was disappointing.... after the BFGW which was simply very good this could only be worse
Quite unimpressive. The 'twists' are all pretty predictable, if you've seen any movies within the last ten years, and the few somewhat interesting parts (wherein someone utilizes context clues to make a decision) are few and lack much punch, since the 'secret' has already been shown before these clues are explained. (spoilers, sorta) The acting is decent enough. The story simply isn't very interesting. The whole 'still awake' premise becomes nullified by the astral projection stuff(not kidding). The surgery scene is initially tense, a bit discomforting, but then becomes utterly banal. Not horrible, but not memorable. Terrence Howard's least interesting role to date, so far as I've seen. Kind of boring, overall.
I actually liked this movie. Sure, the acting was flat, there was no plot, and the villain was the lamest that i've seen. Michael Bernardo as Dante is worth laughs in his own right, with an incredibly funny catchphrase and evil laugh. But its worth seeing, just for the WORST explosion you will ever see outside of the Power Rangers TV series. You'll know it when you see it. Honestly, this movie must have the budget of a low grade porno. I almost stopped watching after an hour, but i recommend watching through the whole thing; at the very least, there's plenty of eye candy for all to enjoy. Recommended for viewers with a high tolerance to poor movies.
I still can't figure out why they made a Pink Panther movie after Peter Sellers died. This one features someone stealing the diamond and Insp. Clouseau getting sent to find it, only to disappear in the process. So, most of the movie features interviews with other cast members about how they met Clouseau (and featuring many of Clouseau's mishaps). At the beginning they say "To Peter, the one and only Inspector Clouseau", but I would agree with Peter Sellers's widow that "Trail of the Pink Panther" dishonored his memory. Maybe it is good for a few laughs - namely the airplane scene - but it otherwise just seems unnecessary. And then there was another Pink Panther movie after this.
I have watched this movie and in the first 10 minutes Nina(the lead actress) utters "KALI F*****G Maa" about an Indian Goddess..hows that justified..no1 can address a goddess like that..and most of all not an ABCD like Nina.. Have had no idea what Mr.Krutin Patel had in mind while adding that part to the screen play.. I strongly feel that a movie is made for entertainment and enlightenment of the audiences..what does this movie do?? How could the director allow this to happen?? and how could evry1 that watched the movie keep calm and silent..am not a religious activist but am not ready to take any1 swear at a Goddess in that manner.. Cheers venu
Don't bother with this movie. From a talented but wildly inconsistent Boorman and a good cast comes a poorly written, directed, acted, unrealistic, predictable and sappy movie. No matter what bad things happen to this middle class family in a London suburb at the start of WWII, they always come out smiling and happy. To be honest, there are hints at some depth to the story, but they never come to fruition: a teenage daughter's coming of age and related escapades; an unhappy marriage; etc. If you're interested in some fluff about WWII England and don't want realism in any form, you might enjoy this slice of life from the view of a young boy. Otherwise, don't bother.
Two nudnicks (Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd) think they're being trained as spies for the United States government when actually they're being used as guinea pigs against the Russian defense. Fans of TV's "Saturday Night Live" may never have guessed that one-time rivals Chase and Aykroyd would end up starring in a picture together, or that "Blues Brothers" filmmaker John Landis would be directing, however they may be the only audience for this type of slapstick silliness. The script is threadbare, and Landis relies heavily on hammy gags and scenery-chewing. Shapely Donna Dixon (Mrs. Aykroyd) has a funny, sexy bit, but Steve Forrest and Bruce Davison get trampled in the sloppy action. Hopelessly out-of-touch star vehicle. * from ****
Although when i first watched the film i liked it. although i then found out the truth about the Kevin Mitchnick story. And this film is bull Pooh and doesn't portray the truth. if your interested watch freedom downtime i have seen it and they interview Kevin in it to get the truth don't go by the plot of this film. Also if anyone has any more information about Kevin and general stuff along these lines you can send to me greatly appreciated i thought id clear the rumour about it being a follow up of hacker its not can people please not make that assumption its not its an independent film thanks Yoda_the_jedi Northamptonshire u.k
Every star must have at least one piece of work that absolutely stinks. Miss Bette and WINTER MEETING is a bore from the beginning. Susan Grieve(Davis)is a depressed poet that falls in love with a war hero(Jim Davis). The events of WW11 makes this soldier want to be a priest. Shared secrets over a nightcap is just not a remedy for the doldrums. A very wordy script and dour atmosphere throughout. Just little over an hour running time is a relief. The efforts of Jim Davis as the moody hero Slick Novak outshines Miss Davis. Also in the cast: Janis Paige, Walter Baldwin, Florence Bates and John Hoyt. If anything is redeeming its the score by Max Steiner.
WARNING: SPOILERS!!!!! This movie is awful. Any Canadian who watches it and likes it should have their heads examined. Don't give me that "it's just goofy political satire" crap. The fact is, they start insulting Canada before they consider a cold war with Canada (i.e. the hockey game: "What's with the flag, is that some kind of weed?") Aside from the meaningless anti-Canadian jokes, the jokes are pretty dumb. The only part which cracked a smile from me was when they were (trying) to sing "Born in the USA." Bottom line, don't waste your time with this highly offensive claptrap. This should have never been marketed as John Candy's final movie. By the way, he was Canadian.
This movie had its moments. It had a pretty cool seans (spelling correct?) scene where they summon some indian spirit. It was quite a pleasure to hear Lalo Schifrin's music. It had few moments that really made me jump and few moments where I was really involved in watching the film. Tony Curtis was OK, not very good though. One thing that I learned is that everything has a "manitou", even man-made objects. Overall this movie was just average for me. I gave it a 4 out of 10. Plot was interesting, acting was mediocre (except the guy who played the indian who helpes Curtis was great), Music was pretty good, make-up was good. It had some cheesie sfx.
Not even Evil Deads' Sam Raimi could help this pitiful excuse for a spaghetti Western. Sharon Stone comes back to seek revenge years after the death of her father. Gene Hackman seems to be the only one not going through the motions and actually giving us a decent performance. However the script written by Simon Moore is so incoherent and dull. The characters are characters you've seen in every revenge movie ever. But Sam is a bit to blame as well. Holes in heads big enough to see the person who put them there and people doing backflips after getting shot were just a few of the very unbelievable things in this movie. Sam should just stick to Spider-Man.
I am probably biased against this film, as I am studying it at school in extension french, but this is the most terrible movie I have ever seen. The people simply can't act; the camera angles are always dodgy as, and there is almost no backing music; a terrible film all up. Not to mention, the whole 'old-people love' thing is just gross. Not to rain on anyone's parade, but it is kind of sickening seeing Gerard Meylan's derrière TWICE in the film. All round, a terrible film; no plot, no acting skill... terrible quality piece. I'm sure Robert Guediguian is a very talented director and producer, but this movie was not some of his finer work.
This documentary is as true as the Bloody Mary Urban Legend; I am ashamed that PBS can produce something so vile, repugnant and sexist (and wrong; one of the 'abused mothers' - Sadia Loeliger - is actually a recognized abuser). The 'feminist' who produced and endorsed this give women and mothers a bad name, and I wonder if they still can look at themselves in the mirror. It says that many children are denied the love of their mothers; HELLOOOO! The children are denied FATHERS!!! It's so obvious an Italian (me) notices it! Don't bother with this work of fiction; it'll only make your blood boil. Breaking The Silence: Children's Stories: 1/10 (but deserves even less)
It is amazing how such an action packed movie can be oh so boring. I have never before felt so restless during a movie, shifting in my chair, looking at my watch, wishing I could fast forward. It felt like three hours. I could not believe the movie was not over when the main character died, he came back to life again to bore us even more. The whole movie didn't make any sense. Who was the bad guy? Why could the girl stop bullets? What was with the father? How is it that her mother was a computer? Just a huge mess of unfinished ideas, characters that no one cares about and badly shot action.
This 'remake' of Lars Von Trier's series does not do the original any justice. It annoys me that they have felt the need to film this poor imitation, apparently purely because the original is in a foreign language. They have lost all of the subtlety and almost all of what made Von Trier's frightening, along with the beauty that Von Trier captured. I don't know what Stephen King was thinking when he began writing this but I wish he hadn't. And Baxley's treatment of the script, particularly his choice of music, leaves a lot to be desired. Do not bother seeing this if you have seen, or intend to see, the original, because you will only be disappointed.
This movie left me feeling empty. I didn't need to be taught that some men are controlling and abusive, or that some teens are troubled and emotionally fragile, and I didn't need to be taught that true faith in God, or goodness, is difficult in a violent world. Like most people, I knew these things already. This movie is so full of depressing tragedy that it desperately needed fully-developed, interesting characters to make us care, and I found the characters sketchy at best. Martha Plimpton is always interesting and it was nice to see her in a lead role, but she deserved a better script. A disappointment, and it's no wonder it didn't get much of a theatrical run.
This is an awful remake. They follow the script almost line for line. But they have not an actor who can act. Belushi tries to be Humphrey Bogart and he doesn't even know how to be a soldier. His pot-belly sticking out, he really is bad. The British doctor is such a shell of a character. He is almost plastic. Skip this one and watch the original. As you watch you see the lack of knowledge of World War II. It doesn't seem that the director of this film understand the reason the original film was made. The reason for some many different nationalities was to show the strength in the United Nations. In this film it seems ludicrous.
What we have here is two ill-defined, unlikeable characters being bounced around for no justifiable reason. The pacing and cinematography are annoying. It all has that been-there-seen-that feel about it. The narrative keeps changing POV for no good reason. And the sex is stone cold. Don't get me wrong, I am not a trasher of independent French films. I do not _require_ to be entertained a la Star Wars. To be fair, the overall mood and feeling (Paris as the humid, drizzly, polluted wintery-cold nightmare) is well captured. You can smell the stale-cigarette-soaked hotel room. Compared to other "random coupling" movies (The Lover, Last Tango in Paris, La Desenchantee), this is limp "caca de chien".
This made for sci-fi channel movie was so bad it was funny! Only watched it for Costas...and thank the Lord for Tivo allowing me to rush thru this campy B-Movie wanna be. Attack of the Killer Tomatoes had a better sub-plot than this laugh riot. This movie used a lot of stock footage. What was disturbing was the shot of lower manhattan smoking....I am just SURE they used some 9-11 footage...and I HOPE they didn't...because that would be wrong! The special effects were tolerable for a TV movie. Standard overacting by the extras in all the "disaster" scenes made this a watchable laugh... Bet it's not what they intended though... (generous 3 out of 10)
...absolutely, bar none. At best corny and clichéd, at worst insulting to my intelligence. For example; when the baddie throws a passenger out of a 747 door whilst flying above the airport, on a stormy night, just to prove a point, the body just happens to fall through the glass roof of the control tower where the team are negotiating with the hijacker. 'nuff said. I feel sorry for the original audiences that will never regain those wasted couple of hours and bemused by anyone who would actually go out and spend money on the DVD. I see in the voting that some people actually gave this a 10? Presumably the director, crew and assorted family.
Having knowing some of these people IRL and having taken karate, I really have to fault the director for this one being bad. All of these people are capable of putting better than blue-belt level fights and acting better. It was a nice treat seeing Danny Mayid do his form at the end, it's just a shame he couldn't come out of his shell anymore in his intro film. It looked like a safe, conservative karate movie where the insurance didn't cover the level of fights that people expect. I've seen better in karate class and on demo teams. Sorry if I offended any of the actors with this, because this was clearly not their fault. -James
My sister recommended this movie to me because she thought it was awesome but I thought otherwise. I am quite the Shakespeare junkie and I was so disappointed! It didn't follow the real MSND close enough to even be called that! There wasn't enough mistaken identity or confusion of the love triangles and that is what MSND is all about! The passion of the story was never present. Also, the rave was never rave-y enough, the music would always be soft while they were talking or they would be in the quiet room. I was going to give them the excuse of having a low budget film but apparently that isn't true! But Matt Czuchry is still really hot!
These two guys are the scum of the earth and obviously Jesus didn't manage to give these two suckers a little bit of dignity,reason and decency. If their message was " Lets watch porn" and "screw sin" I get it.As I am an Atheist I am grateful for such miserable "Christians"; opening our eyes to what religion has become, a device of self-worship, self-indulgence and though being corrupt considering yourself holy. I watched these two stand up comics and I am appalled by their sincere vanity, boasting about the money they earn and gloating in the media attention. It seems their vocabulary only consisted of "porn" and "masturbation". What revolutionary Christians! With their obscenity they scare every normal person.
I was most intrigued by the set decorations - or lack of them in this peculiar photoplay. Our seemingly lonely two stars live in a bayou house on stilts and never clean they only well, you know, have lots of sex. I rented this movie and shut it off after the first twenty minutes only to return to find out if they ever cleaned up. I can't tell you the ending that would spoil all the fun. I suppose if you can make it through the first reel you are hooked. I think that Natasha Wagner has quite a career ahead of her and I look forward to more, but, this is one of the bombs, sorry.
Bad directing. Bad acting. Bad writing. Bad editing. Bad sound. I felt nothing for any of these characters and could care less. This film is a "Boyz in the Hood" wanna be, but never achieved the heart and strength for any of the characters and stories. Much less the cinematic achievement, with the typical Latino stories that have been told and told again. Not all Latinos grew up in the 'hood'. Characters such as Torneo and Abuelito should just have been edited out completely. And obviously, with the character of Alfonso, not much casting choices were seen for this actor. The only thing that made me cry in this film was the waste of time I spent watching it.
Sorry, call me old fashioned, but I like to care about at least one of the story's characters! Unfortunately, Just On Time, has the feel of a moronic T.V. sitcom, and is so tedious it ruins the fun. Simply put - I could not feel the slightest bit of rapport with anyone in this boring film! It's such a juvenile storyline, but not the least bit funny. One can only hope people this dopey only exist in the writer's imagination! In case anyone is wondering, the word "Narcissistic" means: egotistical, selfish, self-centered, me-first, and that exactly describes the main character. There's more than enough narcissism in the world! I don't need to watch it on the tube, too!
Usually any reality show or documentary that shows you an inside view of some part of the culture is at least interesting. Mix in a little of the entertainment business and you have a sure winner, right? Wrong. This show is just garbage. Although some of the kids are genuinely talented, that is really beside the point. This show fails to provide any insights into why these people act like this, and what effect it has on the children. It also looks very cheap, more like home movies than a TV show. I would give this a lower rating, but it is a good subject. I don't know how they managed to mangle it up.
Usually any reality show or documentary that shows you an inside view of some part of the culture is at least interesting. Mix in a little of the entertainment business and you have a sure winner, right? Wrong. This show is just garbage. Although some of the kids are genuinely talented, that is really beside the point. This show fails to provide any insights into why these people act like this, and what effect it has on the children. It also looks very cheap, more like home movies than a TV show. I would give this a lower rating, but it is a good subject. I don't know how they managed to mangle it up.
I just wanna get this clear, I know some teenagers in America dedicate there lives to cheerleading. I don't like cheerleading, one little bit. Whether it be the incessant, whiny voices cheering ridiculous. The dancing is alright but that is it. This movie just glorifies the annoying-ness of the whole thing. How dedicated some people are to such a ridiculous 'sport'. I just don't get it. Kirstin Dunst, who I usually like, I didn't like in this. I don't know if it was the character or what. Actually all of the characters bugged me except for Eliza Dushku's, who I liked, I also thought she did a very good job, she stops the movie from getting a lower rating.
We all trudged through this B movie hell-bent on getting some benefit from our rental fee. Lame plot, stiff acting, bad direction, amateur camera-work... Have I forgotten anything? Oh yeah, Carrie Fisher is nothing short of sad. Very pathetic what's become of Princess Leia. My wife and I figured she had a stroke or perhaps did too many drugs. She was absolutely monolithic, that is, one face, one emotion, one tone of voice. And the girl! Leave her in some half-baked sitcom, please! And since when is a guy being a hunk criteria for granting a movie a positive review? Has everyone's brain turned to tapioca? Go watch some porn and quit providing an audience for film school dropouts.
I had the horrible misfortune of changing the channel to one that was showing this "thing that should not have been made." The plot was corny, tired and absolutely unbelievable. Furthermore, Laura Preppon as anybody but Donna just doesn't work. I kept waiting for the rest of the cast of characters from that 70's Show to appear at any moment as I watched the approximately five minutes of this movie that I could stomach. She has definitely typecast herself as Donna. The male lead, Mr. El Pollo Loco, was laughable in his role as well. What were the casting directors thinking when they cast these two in the leads? Princess Leah as a blimp did not help things either.
I almost thought this movie was supposed to be a comedy. The terrible continuity, the bad fake American accents, the weird inconsistencies with the cars, the haircut that never was and the stabbing in the back but no injury... How embarrassing! I understand that it was a low budget movie, but some things don't cost money to get right. For instance, how much extra would it have cost to put the headrest in the Range Rover in the right way around instead of backwards? Why make a movie set in the Australian countryside and populate the towns with Americans, and if you are going to do that, at least make sure the accents are credible.
Pretentious drivel is about all one can say. Pity because moving Hardy west is an appealing idea but the performers, mood and conceits of the movie are anything but western. Comparisons with Altman's McCabe and Mrs. Miller are interesting but mostly serve to demonstrate that this is (sorry but it is the best description) still pretentious drivel. Perhaps some enterprising auteur can try this again with a different cast and director but again premised on the Mayor of Casterbridge doing his time in the nineteenth century west but this time without the European music and, one more time, pretentious drivel. I would have noted spoiler and mentioned the end but I could not make it through. Paging Julie Christie.
Wicked Lake is frankly just a horrible and boring movie. The cast of young women is attractive but the characters are too shallow to care about and the so-called psychopaths are just stupid. i truly hate this film and I hope that there is never a sequel to it. very boring junk with a slick poster and DVD cover to lure in audiences. such a waste of time. i can't believe how bad it turned out to be. stay far away from this movie!!!! also there is a scene where a feminine dude literally cries (while running) at the camera for five whole minutes and you my mouth was open the whole time in shock. ughhhh!!!!!! Score: 0.5/10
If I was programming a "cringe" film festival Bastards would be my opening night gala. For the most part this film is a tireless tirade of anti-globalization sentiment and dirty dreadlocks. The trees in this movie are less wooden than the actors, it's shot on video in a kind of amateur porno POV style and fearlessly goes nowhere. The clumsy comparison between 9/11 and clear cutting in British Columbia was enough to make you toss your granola bars. It is ironic that this film through some kind of miracle of globalization and free flowing capital got funded and found distribution on TMN, Canada's poor cousin to HBO. It does make you think though, about going to bed.
What the hell is the matter with this movie? Firstly, I've seen some bad Orlando Bloom films, but this one just takes the mick. His accent is simply terrible. The jokes in this film are pathetic. I wanted to cry at the embarrassment of this film. I just don't get how people think that it is even remotely good. After the first 10 minutes (which included Mr Bloom feeling himself up in his bed) I just couldn't stand much more. I don't see how anybody can sit through this movie, even if it does have a popular heart-throb (although horrendous actor) Orlando in it, it's just a very very badly made and badly acted film. Shame on you.
I attend the school where the gym/dance/locker scenes this movie was filmed at. Granted, it doesn't make me an overnight expert on this movie, but as consumer with some sense of savvy, I have to say that this paltry little tv-movie fails across the board. The flat acting (and bad stripping), the inane and contrived plotline (avenging angels anyone?), the amateurish directing (including the clumsy use of slow motion during the clumsy and fatal let's-all-fall-into-the-pool scene--which was hilarious, though I do believe it was meant to be heart-wrenching or somesuch), and just the utter ridiculousness of the thing. Try again, Mr. Frakes. These teen angel movies (so original as they are, of course!) aren't reviving your post-Star Trek career.
I love Dragon Ball Z but the first three movies they produced were not great. This the worst of three. I honestly was out of the phase of Sayians being the villain. After Vegeta, there's no other good villain that's a sayian besides Broly. When I think evil, the word Turtle never comes to mind. I also don't like the voice acting. Just not the right people for the job. I'm so glad that the voices and the type of drawing changed after this movie, I'm not sure if I could have taken another one after this sad little movie. Also knowing that Super Sayain already existed while I watched this movie, made Kaioken just seem a stupid technique.
The pace was excruciatingly slow. Acting was amateurish. The plot was disjointed and there were feeble attempts to make it feel like an old fashioned western film. My wife and I watched it to conclusion only because we thought there would be a punch line that rewarded us for enduring the film. It's no wonder we have not heard any more of these actors. Kennedy should be embarrassed to be associated with it. Obviously he took part in it as a favor for a friend or because he desperately needs the money. He was given top billing in the credits and appeared on screen for only two scenes. He was at a low point in his acting as well.
I just got my cable cut out and i had the misfortune of watching this movie. To wash the unholiness and filth off of my eyes, I rinsed them in muriatic acid, that I found laying around. My friend help me write this comment. It is truly the beginning of the end. Disney movies should be banned from the face of the earth. And raven, oh raven, no more raven, i'm better off watching something from ed woods. The storyline and plot are relatively stupid. The acting is worst than The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl. Disney just isn't the same since Disney died of course. Whatever happened to cartoons not associated with Pixar or bad acting like that.
Katrina (Emily Barcley) is a sad, pathetic, utterly narcissistic young unwed child neglecting mother. The only true love of her life, her brother, has been sent to prison for beheading some poor convenience store attendant, and she's angry about that. Angry enough to do something drastic. This film was competent enough and kept my interest, but the main characters are so completely devoid of likability or sympathy that it's too hard to empathize with them. There for I didn't get invested in them, much less give a toss about what they were doing. It's marginally well acted and all that, but I just didn't care. Eye Candy: Emily Barclay provides the T&A My Grade: C-
This film received such critical raves, that I decided to rent it on DVD. What a huge mistake. This isn't even mediocre...it's horrible. The first hour of the picture wasn't even necessary. The "story" (and I use that term loosely) takes shape in the last 45 minutes or so. And then I waited for the ending to possibly make sense of this crap and they just roll credits?! Here's some more good adjectives to describe this film: excruciating, over-rated, and pretentious. One of the worst movies of 2005, and knowing how bad 2005 was, that's saying a lot. The only thing that makes me feel better is seeing other User Comments on IMDb ripping into this film as well.
For years, I've been a big fan of Park's work and "Old boy" is one of my all-times favorite. With lots of expectation I rented this movie, only to find the worst movie I've watched in awhile. It's not a proper horror movie; there's no suspense in it and even the "light" part is so lame, that I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. I introduced my younger brother to Chan-Wook Park and what a disappointment he got from this. For me, an idol has fallen. If you loved movies like "Old boy", the Mr & Lady "Vengeance" or even his short films on "Three extremes", don't waste your time, the film's not worth it.
Curious... 1) Why would a highly-classified government agency, under military purview and overseen by a four star general, give this degree of access to what are clearly anti-government civilians--including one with a known tie to a conspiracy nut in the media--AND give them unrestricted communication to the outside world? 2) Especially since the government is willing to covertly murder civilians to protect the project. 3) How can a helicopter fly as fast an an F-16? 4) How do you get a team composed of EXACTLY one Asian, one Latino, one African-American, one white woman and one homosexual? ...and that's just the first hour. It just doesn't pass the common sense test.
Hotel for Dogs is the story of two foster children who adopt stray dogs and find a place for them, as well as filling their need for family, in an abandoned hotel. This is not a terrible movie, but the viewer has seen it all before. There's not much originality here in its typical underdog makes good, love conquers all kind of story. It has some amusing parts, the acting is reasonable, the dogs are cute and the pacing is decent, but there's really nothing exceptional in it. It's worth a watch if you like this kind of sappy family comedy, but there's not a lot of substance and nothing that you'll remember in five years.
I was confused from the first 2 Min's of the film!!.. I found it boring, confusing, poorly acted! I have seen soaps with better scripts. In fact.. script was probably on the back of a postage stamp! i turned it off after watching the first hour... shockingly POOR! 2/10 is been generous!! Don't waste your time with the movie!!! Unless you enjoy bad acting... and how the h*** did this get on DVD, in fact someone on benefits could of fronted this movie! LOL this sums the whole movie... quote from the over view "Plot Synopsis: This plot synopsis is empty." this is a empty movie and should never of got past the "short film project"
This is just another STV "horror" movie that plagues video stores everywhere. There is nothing I want more than a resurgence of good horror movies, but films like "Ghost Lake" do everything possible to ensure this never happens. The movie is garbage from start to finish; horribly written, shot, acted and edited. Even the minimal zombie make-up can't save it. I wasted $6.50 at Blockbuster with this one, and I've done the same thing countless times before out of desperation and a faint hope than someday, somewhere, someone will make a horror movie we've all been waiting for. As a horror filmmaker myself, I say give me the budget for Ghost Lake and I'll show you how it's done.
Adapted from Wendy MacLeod's play with almost no apparent changes for better or worse, director Mark Waters penned this screenplay about the incest between a Jackie Onassis-obsessed girl and her obliging brother. From start to finish, the air is filled with intellectual dialogue like "What?" and "I don't know", including the padded repeating of several lines like "What do you do all day?" - five times in a row, that one. The acting is small-time all around except for the appealing performances of Genevieve Bujold and Tori Spelling as a spooky mother and waifish fiancé, respectively. Sometimes interesting dark comedy has occasional eerie moments if one can get past the JFK assassination 'parody'. Pretty good title, anyway.
Man. Bad, just bad. I can remember the trailer for this movie. A well editted glimpse, with all the explosoions, and feminine body outlines necesary to look like another good kill people and then have sex movie (knock 'em all you like people dig james bond syndrome). All with the back drop of Wycleff Jean's Stayin Alive remix.....got you real excited. Then I saw the movie. I submit that it was written by a 14 year old. Dialogue stupid enough to make you feel ashamed at the thought someone might witness you watching the film. Action scene's with no real thrill, pathetic little attempts at comic relief. And let's not forget, suggestively stroking a frozen chicken........"Worst episode ever"
Hypnotist reverts his lovely assistant back to a monstrous creature that she once was and uses it to attack his enemies. The She Creature is one of the lesser monster flicks of the 50's. While granted the film does create some atmospheric creepiness, it's all a bit too sluggish and underdeveloped to be a satisfying horror picture. Even with a decent-looking B monster, which doesn't get enough screen time, this movie is lacking in suspense and over all the story just isn't as intriguing as one would think. There's just not enough here to keep interest or to be partly entertaining. I recommend watching this one on Mystery Science Theater 3000. * 1/2 out of ****
This is a film that has not much going for it. The main actors are to old to play students. That is why they are totally unbelievable. Antonie is a good actor, but here he is wasted. Chantal Janzen should give it up, just like that Beau van Erven Dorens guy. The film has similar story lines from other dutch films. Nothing is new, and the jokes are nothing special. Only Daphne Bunskoek is fresh in this stale film. This film was a disaster at the box office, cause it was produced for a rather large amount of money. On DVD it is worth a look , if you can watch it for free that is.
I've seen most of Fulci's output (that's available in English anyway) and even I found this one in particular to be disappointing. It's dull, seems incredibly long (though isn't)and even the odd gore scene which aren't very frequent or impressive do little to relieve the boredom. This seems to be the work of someone running low on ideas and, I'm sorry to say, motivation. It's a similar situation with a few of his later works. I'd recommend House Of Clocks, Touch Of Death or Cat in the Brain for a taste of Fulci's later works. Go for one of his many other classics, ignore this unless you're a completist like me and have to have it all!
Alright it's not a great film, but compared to Highlander 2 this is Scorsese material! Adrian Paul is an actor who never lived up to his potential- Highlander The TV Series was a great contrast to the classic original film. But he became a straight to video kinda guy and some of the films he's churned out since have been unwatchable! Back to the film it's entertaining, if muddled. If you pretend it's not a Highlander film- you'll appreciate it more. The action and special effects are good. The villain looks ludicrous and he's no Kurgan by any means. But with an attractive woman in the mix and some so so swordplay, this is worth a good two beers/Doritos!
Don't waist 2 hrs. of your life on this film. This movie is such a disappointment. the whole thing just has no direction. goes from one thing to another back to first and then on some other tangent. Worst off they knocked off Joe Dawson. I am a huge Highlander fan own the series own first film own final dimension and own endgame. This one like the second Hilander movie is not worth owning. Oh am I the only one who thought the voice of the guardian sounded like Christopher Lambert (Conner McCloud) at times? I had hoped for so much more of this movie. AAAAAA AAAA AAAAAAA AAAA AAAAAAA AAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAA kk80kkk kk lololol nkn o 5
Man, I'd really be worried for Maxine Gates if she were still alive with this "desimone_ken" character on the loose (sheesh). Moving on.... MUSCLE UP... is a somewhat curious piece for me because it's the only short from the Besser era I can think of that seems to have a decent script behind it. I can only imagine that had this story been done with a 100% Curly or Shemp that it may have been a very good entry in the stooge film library. Unfortunately, Joe Besser is third stooge in this one. Nothing personal against the guy, but his dainty personality just didn't mesh at all with the brashness of Moe and Larry. 1.5/10
A film so bad that halfway through I found myself wondering if the production company could have gotten away with paying the actors who portrayed Henry less for a non-speaking role (the character is mute) rather than following the story. Perhaps you think it will be different for you, maybe you're too cool for the room and able to appreciate the finer aspects of the struggling low budget film that still respects the art man. Well let me ruin it for you. Henry kills a kid and brother Travis kills some other kids, then they don't but then Travis does and Henry doesn't then I turned it off and thought how I could have better spent my time.
For a film with potentially more scope and grandeur than even Lord of the Rings, Eragon falls entirely flat due to lack luster acting, a terrible script and a total lack of pace. Only Rachel Weisz voice acting for the dragon Saphira manages to give the movie its only good performance while Jeremy Irons sincere performance is let down by the hammyness of its lackluster script. The special effects are fine and the cinematography is great, the pace is way off and the movie is way too short for its own good. I have not read the books that gave life to this film but I hope it was much better than this because the movie was a letdown.
What can I say, that was the longest one and a half hours of my life and its safe to say there will definitely not be a sequel and if there is, I shall set pickets outside major cinemas campaigning for a national boycott.... the dialogue was so bad, the story even worse, i cringed for the likes of Robert Carlyle and john Malkovich, this movie was far beneath them, in fact it was far beneath my 98 year old Romanian Gran who has no teeth and cant even act old.... The plot was dry and would have made excellent burning wood.... Please I beg all out there, do not watch this pile of dragon Pooh
OK. "American Ninja 3 - Blood Hunt". Starring David Bradley as the lead. I don't know why Dudikoff quit, but I wish that it hadn't happened. Not that I dislike David Bradley, but Dudikoff is just a better actor, without doubt. On the contrary, Bradley is better in the fighting scenes, which (as always) makes up an important part in the movie. The problem is that Michael Dudikoff and Steve James had a special chemistry between themselves that now is gone. But it was a relief finding out that James was in this movie. Without him, it had been much worse. "American Ninja 3" has much of the same as in the two first movies, but with lower quality.
First of all, let me say that, in my opinion, the music is totally wrong for the film. It sounds like it's straight out of a love scene from of a James Bond film, and with good reason - it was actually composed by John Barry, famous for the JB theme. The acting is certainly up to adequate standards, and the cast is as sterling as they come. In order for this to take on 'classic' status, I would recommend that it be re-edited with an alternative soundtrack. It's all too easy to lose one's concentration watching this film, although admittedly the subject matter is dreamy. Surely this ripe for a remake, perhaps with Tim Burton at the helm?
I read James Dixon's great novelization of this sequel first, so my expectations were high. Too high. It plays like a retread of the first film with three killer tots instead of one. John Ryan is back trying to warn other parents of the infant scourge, but nobody listens until it's too late or they're dead. Once again, Cohen gives us a dialog-heavy, vapid time-waster with little action until the last ten minutes and badly directed action at that. Bernard Herrmann's score is culled from unused cues from the first film and is the film's only saving grace. If you can still find it, read the novelization and consider what this film could have been.
