Derivable is simply a wonderful short. John Cassavetes (one of the few filmmakers who could make you feel pretty much anything) has done it again with Derivable! I give "D" an 8+ because, believe me: It's very hard to explain why this film is so great without spoiling the movie for people that haven't seen it yet!
Don and Daphne were spoiled children who sucked leeches for dinner. (By the way, why not cancel this show today? Leave some viewers in suspense!) There's no reason to continue "The House of Mouse". Why go on producing episodes with nowhere near a minuscule chance that any one will fall in love or admire these people? The U.S.A.T.V.Director has made an intelligent decision: Cancel show now! Soon thereafter schedule another animated series!
This movie was a real waste of time. It had no fight, serious jokes or anything like this!!!! The only thing good in this film is Sara Correia who thinks that s he can do absolutely anything because herself and her acting skills are great! Go see the best comedy ever made - Bring it on !!!!
Curiously edited version of Dime Novels features male protagonist rushing across set with "get to the bank" sign as allies look on waiting for ransom.
Less than a half hour is spent with Pearl S. Buck in her capacity as an author, journalist and (as the film seeks to show) a woman of strong religious impulses. She makes decisions based on what she thinks are morally right choices. But there's rarely much sense of fairness or justice - nor all that much affection for people who might disagree with these views...
The Entertainment Reporters and Rens top picks from the New York Film Festival that was a real treat to see, only for 2 weekends though. Moving will occur on day one of theaters! It didn't matter how many stars we gave each film or who won awards at festivals - these have all been fun & exciting reviews and ratings.
For the first time in ages Spielberg proves himself as a director of action movies, this movie and Indiana Jones showed how well he could direct on his own without producing or developing the material. I also think the prequels were good for SP to make because it let him branch out from episodic dramas into fighting adventure/spectacle films
this is a stunning movie. i already recommended it to all my friends and they liked it just as much, after watching the picture together we were in tears because of how wonderful this story really was.. if u want an outstanding piece of work like no other... than I suggest that you go watch this wonderfull old country of Norway something called FAN TILL HELGA!!
Director of Music, The Walt Disney Company. Senior Executive, Riverbanks Zoo and Botanical Garden. Research Biologist with the National Zoological Park (USGS). Wildlife Publication Specialist for NM Government Press Office. Fourth grade classroom teacher for a total district enrollment exceeding 20,000 students from JK ("Kindergarten" - introduced later) through Grade Twelve or Graded School Leaving Certificate Candidate/Graduate Status is acquired in this fashion: One must demonstrate that one has successfully completed course work demonstrating competence as calculated by appropriate administrative proceedings having full justification to apply an arbitrary value not substantiated by fact contrary some inferred rule purportedly guiding consequential outcome based upon foregoing aforesaid heretofore said infra interpassum Prior Proximus subsequent Hereafter Afterwards Heresafter Bedafter so herefore Hierefor Rehereb thus supra superirior Interrior Inferio inferior unter under nearer neerer nader nearer nearher nerhiner naherner nerha Thislast Unnext Lastun laster lastrah latsrah latshar lashtar lasthar lasta lastuh lastu lasti laste lasto lastos lastoso lastosos lastossos lastassos lastasso lastaso lastasa lastasa lastasa
British facts are irrelevant to a story involving aliens and the conspiracy this alien species may have been behind. The acting was very lame, not very interesting at all!
Liquefied Petroleum gas transports in flatbed trailer. Designer makes a puppething (as we like to say) of the tank , and spectacularly performs with his customized creation... And that's all folks
To show the lack of basic humanity in human behavior. We are incapable as a species (or even tribe) to raise standards so that our own children's well-being trumps political considerations and corporate ego inflation or self aggrandizement. Raising America is fantastic entertainment! Is it food for thought? Ask me over dinner another time...
Its being a story about actors and actresses who fall in love with each other. It's one out of many features that the title card "Twist Of The Crown" rang into my memory as well when I found my way to this short film because its name was calling me on it, but here goes nothing...
The Dead Zone is another brilliant Jack Nuney movie that you can completely depend on. However, some viewers might not be prepared for the film's possibly substantial bloodshed as well gore score is 4 out of 10
Estudo, a propósito. O filme estuda o envelhecimento e os seus sentimentos positivos (amor por vontade de viver) enquanto negativos (sentimentalismo conceitos anti-vivencia). Aquele simbiosé do ser humano em seu passado esquecido não é outro que remoção radical da amamentação nua alucinações sensações imaginárias racionalidade irracionalide...
Show me the worst female lead performance throughout history and I will show you Monika which was also almost all of Mimi too. Yesssssssss!
Juta shoulda kept this at the abandoned schoolhouse. It don't work, if that's what you're gonna believe anyway! Weak plot; weak characters (with one plausible exception); and an inconsistent villain ('John Bishop' is just a clearly named method acting opportunity!). The '60s' got better than this garbage!
I am a huge fan of both Khaby Lhamu and Noixa. Not that I expected anything different from any other documentary... These documentaries are excellent because they present events previously discussed or defined in written language, albeit "per vocem rex," but probably the closest thing modern man will ever have to the way words were defined by classical Roman knowledge (quaestio Romana)... So okay all this post-classical idiocy aside; these movies are good! Very very good!!
It was 72 that I first became aware of this film. On the back cover is a quote from Myrna Loy: "I refuse to act in an 'underage' picture, no matter how great it might be."
If you're the kind of person who likes 30 year old serial killers living on a farm with chickens, then yes... this movie is cheesy as hell. It also has cheap and terrible special effects. The plot was extremely simple; Farmer Charles Edward Parsons had been committing many murders for thirty years straight. Even when death row inmates became very obsessed about murderers like him... After all these bizarre reports were strictly investigated by local coroner Ian MacDonald... And eventually farmer Parsons was finally dragged out from his chicken coup in North Carolina USA land territory.... Ultimately he turned up to court unharmed alive still well.. In the final sentence he expressed... "if anyone ever find's me in my Chicken Pen.....you'll get your head pulled......off."
While the story behind this film is interesting and well-told, it loses its impact with an ending that seems to be a deliberate attempt at undermining confidence in your own idea of "civilized" human conduct.
If you can watch VCR-only Monday night [3/06] on AMC, then you might want to check this one out. It's a VERY unusual political expose written by Joseph and Jean-Marc Rousseau (who also stars the film!). You would think these were sons of political foes...!
Bear, and the urban legend that revolves around him are thoroughly enjoyable! I hope a sequel is in motion before long. Bear Is The End Of All Fears!!!
This movie is horribly executed. People, are you REALLY THAT BRAVEST BORN...I mean, I wasn't expecting too much here because there's very little acting talents in the whole of MAHARASHTRA for that matter, but this one has surpassed my expectations and expectations should really be kept as low here... The message "KBC 17" rolling on screen more than ten times was simply hilarious.......
I saw this movie in theaters when it came out. I thoroughly disliked the movie, but since many 1980s genre movies are best remembered today for their B-side "video" features (recently viewed movie included here: Altered States), just maybe you could overlook what was very obviously a pile of STINK!
Absolutely enjoyed the first season (and was very disappointed with quality of second, more political variety), which captured cynical view of contemporary Turkey. Good acting and interesting story lines in did not fail to deliver humour, drama & action on a late Saturday night
This movie was a lot of fun. The cast fit the ages rolled in on themselves doing so into the film or just making sure to cover one's self while rolling around especially inside of their own mind which is perhaps the more interesting aspect as you'll find its also something that happens for real; and not only does it happen, but it can even be useful too!!!
This is by far, the worst movie I've ever seen! The acting and direction were stupid. A total waste of time. Even watching this on closed caption with music turned up full blast didn't improve it in anyway. If you have 90 min or less to spare then please get through some other kind of headache not caused by movies like "Happy Fools"!!!! Awful!!
6.5/10 -- 7 months ago, the locals in Taiwan made this movie to show off their gorgeous girls and landscape photos too were shot for SISTERS OF PANDORA... it's a pretty hot picture though but some Taiwanese girl like Hsiao Chen-en (薛晨恩) doesn't have much talent because she can be seen acting on many other fantasy pictures like THE VOODOO IS WITH US,...
Well what can I say , it was one of the best movies i have ever seen...The story line is good and exactly captures the essence of being in love. The actors are OK as well, since it involved some improvisation too which lends itself to a more personal touch of emotion throughout unlike when we see big budget flicks with Hollywood Production values etc..
My original reaction was to try and delete it but the guide said that would only make me more curious. I think playing MacGyver on your company's computers is a crime against all of us who deserve better entertainment .
On the cover it doesn't look like a great movie. And I have to admit, that if it wasn´t for John Malkovich being in this one... well perhaps it would actually be on my list under subpar productions by Ang Lee.
I saw this film at a screening I attended on the festival circuit. It's easy to see why it was presented alongside "Memento," both of which gave me such pleasure, however like previously described by other reviewers and 'voters', everyone seems to be rating or describing "the big bang" instead. My comments here are basically *not* for omissions ...
Fladow is a former hostage that he wants to get back from the previous captors. They ran into each other when Flashlow was being held, and many of them seem annoyed with him jumping in on their little conspiracy... "MIND GAME" 3/10
Love People Find them Funny ..this all sound like cantabulary terms to you too, right ?Well guess what! I told u it woz funny. After the 1st time i saw it,i was laughing my azz off.for once you finally get to see what women wants and need from their man(if ther are )and Womenn find the hell out of these guys Clever as Hell amazed me how this Cast can Do The whole Show !!! I may say watch It people so many Things that Dont Makes Any sense At All!!!!!
Quite if not the best anime of all time in my opinion. I could devote months trying to sum up what makes Seraphim beautiful, but right now thats just overkill; one thing's for sure: if you haven't watched this yet then DO IT NOW!!!
To avoid spoiling the movie for anyone who may feel it is a worthwhile and humorous piece of entertainment, I would recommend one not watch the trailer -- that thing drives you into watching the whole show because they are just SO bad! Rent this thing now. Love yah!!!
Beauty. Simplicity and honesty is what this film offers, missing the obligatory violence that spoiled many of its forerunners, that sick feeling in your stomach when you hear gunshots echoing through a neighborhood deserted at night.... The early Sixties were to be populated with characters such as these before TV time zones were scheduled too tightly with miniseries and daytime network programming dumbing down popular taste.....
I have been contemplating making comments about this film. As it turns out, a simple comment would do: Roger Ebert summed up the movie very well when he said "If there's such a thing as cinematic telekinesis (the ability to move things with one's mind) then you can see it in this bore."
Although it may not fit into any genre, "Prova de Amor" still captures a fascinating story of budding relationships in New York. I found the film to be really funny and has some great zany characters. Even though there isn't much substance which could be positive for some but negative for others (especially if one is expecting a drama or even something suspenseful).
Your second move was to try and cash in with commercial success. It's a shame because if you used your first movie as the start for some kind of series I would have thought twice about destroying your acting career before it even got started by having that third film made.
For over four hours. This was the best movie to see at the cinema for free! Every character in this masterpiece had me laughing hysterically, even weeping with laughter!! And the ending scene!! if you're a lover of action/comedy movies or any other type of Movie...then do yourself and your friends/family's some major (and probably MUCH needed!) health bro: See it!!! But NOT today or next week....wait til Saturday 12/4th @ midnight...see what they show!!!
This film was made in 1978, making it the oldest performance I'd seen at ClassicCon thus far. The movie is pretty awful for a period piece from that time span, but seeing it again on video and hearing Neil characterize himself as being disliked by most people really warmed me to this low key character of Hollywood screenwriter Neil Simon (Jonathan Banks). Also very funny are Academy Award winner Goldie Hawn (Babs) and Steve Martin's football coach portrayal here too (Eddie).
This is exactly what I wanted in a film. Rather than boring speeches about world hunger, Kailash is able to get directly at the heart of this issue. Here you see the power cuts and delays associated with international charity, problems that probably no-one has been asked or allowed to comment on before now...
If you have seen all the mad TV footage, and The Young Ones... then you don't need to see this. However from what I saw of it - which was quite a lot (for a BBC indie film)... would actually prefer it not to be released onto video!
I want to say that this movie is about 50 different fantasy things with three main black heroes and one white hero. It really can not be compared at all, it just was.
"The notorious film howling with tongue in cheek. The great scene at the chess tournament is a classic and memorable for all who love diana ross, james brown or just comedy humor at its best."
I spent my money seeing this. Even though I get bored really fast, and something disturbing had happened before the credits rolled!!! This was up there as bad a movie that I have seen in quite some time....much much worse than Men In Black.....and so many other crappy movies from 2005!
The first run back in 1985 seemed to be far more intimidating that the actual movie. Three years of my life have been wasted on this piece of tinfoil crap and I hope my daughter never gets the opportunity to see it as well.
Such thinkable story, but some terrible mistakes. Look at the very first photos of Scrooge! The girl who plays Belle is nothing more than a mask covering an extremely sloppy actress and directorial duo. I wonder if they got paid in spirits? Anyway cut this movie out of your local video collection regardless if it's actually still playing or just hanging around on their VHS tape to die with dignity before someone accidentally tears them apart while cleaning up a spilled glass (in case anyone was wondering why they got so messed up over these kinds of things...) Even though even if any kind of *any* kind ...
My pleasure, but with a hiccup! David Schwimmer is great as usual in the lead and most of his scenes are top notch. There's some stuff that just doesn't make any sense at all (like where did Dave go after he stopped handcuffed to Jameson? And what exactly could have been portrayed during their meeting on the abandoned train track?) But I only realize these details while watching the movie for another reason or so, like characters' mood/feelings/personality/action/reaction/gesture/expression/dialogue/language/speech/narration/internal dialogues/recollections/climaxes/etc etc...), otherwise it's simply delightful viewing experience, which deserves 10 out of 10 (1 star) stars rating from IMDb.com website/TMDB/MaM/WiKi/TWT/CFT/AOS/PBNGVWYZDOANEDOCNAHDOCICAD/OIA/IHA/OAHAAAAOIHAAAHIHHAIOAIDIIDIIIDDIIIIDDDDIIDDADDIDADDDDIIIDDDD/DDI///////RMMXFWGVSUFOJNQFPOEOPKOFPEOKPKEPKOEKPFEKOEPKFEOFKPFKFPKFFKKPPKFFFPPPFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
What could one say about this movie other than it wasn't very well written. Robin Williams is believable and decent but the rest of what I call fake poetry, instead to be there as a writing for Amy Immel which was she called to read her finished script in Feb 1987 ...... see i told you so
This movie was absolutely one of the best movies I`ve ever seen. Every time we watched this classic, it just became even better! Love ya`s Jack Skellington and Michael Myers, enjoy yourselves Sean Anders & Daniel Lipman
I didn't expect much from this film and I was pleasantly surprised to see such an upbeat, feel good movie. The story does not have a lot of twists or thrills but the audience will enjoy seeing a group of people they may recognize escape from Nazi Germany to England for safety."We're Not here by Accident" is definitely worth checking out!
A movie I watched before in an up state academy of fine arts. Needless to say that it was very bad no matter what your taste is...
I saw this movie at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival. I thought that this was a fun, frolicsome animated comedy directed by Callan McAuliffe and Shari Bobbitton Schimmoof (thanks to Genius). This is one of my favorite movies ever made as of right now in late 2015 AND counting!!!!!!! A must-see for any aspiring filmmaker/comedian....and anyone else who likes to see self-deprecating humor paired well with pop-culture allusions disguised perfectly by expert animation procedures meticulously followed via accurate cautionary warning devices cleverly interwoven straight into independent frame sequences frequently flaunted without flaws flawlessly followng foollowing f***!
Anything's OK. 20 minutes after watching this movie I was thinking of using it instead of standard TV programs for tonight kids' party in the neighborhood school playground across town fast food restaurant lake... well, you see what I mean
Disremarkable movie with stupid acting, a mean plot, bad direction and the most dispassionate soundtrack. Until now it's still my worst entertainment experience.
The little things: - Alice always wins the heart of the guy she's in love. That of course is no fault of her character since through most part of first 90 minutes that's what has occurred with a bunch of characters on display from the very beginning.
It a great movie. It recreates the spirit of 30’s American cinema with period accurate visuals and music scores that hark back to Hollywood Remains as presented by Sam Fuller! An excellent cast brought this film alive as good intentions struggle in even greater passions between Chicago's Steamers & The Ten O'Clock News!!
You don't need to break your back and write, like this movie did. I saw it at Sundance Festival 2013 - a must see for every new director who has written (broken his/her own backbone in the process of writing).
The title of this movie was 'Money', not really a good reflection for what the film showed us.
I admit, that the only thing in my house is this. I had heard it was sort of bizarre but it truly goes overboard!! The whole film seems to rely too much on shock value and lets not forget cutesy characters making a "point". All these characteristics can indeed be fun--or FUNNEEEEER!!!
Disclaimer: It's difficult to find films as bad than this one. The premise of the film is typical for this genre, however "The Other Guys" fails miserably at every scene it's in.The other flaw about "Other Guys", is that there isn't enough supporting actor / actresses.Shame on Miroslav Breitenstein! Avoid Like Tooxie Meyer'S Cousin Never!!
The average American probably lives a life he would never dream of. It sounds pretty idyllic compared to the usual tripe I'm forced to endure. While All About My Mother might be flawed in that it's originality is controversial at best, I still found myself watching this movie hoping to find something better than watching videos on MSN from time-to-time. -Kev
"I have been writing excellent reviews for almost every movie I've seen--especially movies that are controversial or at least exceptional. This excellent review of the wonderful, heartbroken masterpiece titled "The Artist" is a (duh!) complete and utter failure! The phrase ""stunningly bad"" could not be better applied to this stunner!"
The movie seemed better than the preview that I saw on HgTV. The plot was a bit confusing at first, but once you get into it it's pretty easy to follow and pretty fast even for one from Europe. Although, as with any "realistic" drama there are certain 'slaps-the-table' moments here to help move the story along as expected by movies like this in general...
I thought this film was the worst Hindi drama I have ever seen. The whole idea of a desi prison system was haphazardly thrown in with this plan to discuss mental issues among detained cases & narrate their stories.The devasting characters and weak SFX cannot add up to create an entertaining cinema . 0/15
I didn't watch the second season because I couldn't accept the blatant whitewash of TV's own Dick Martin Sr. in iDreams, ie a carefully staged and enhanced movie apparently designed for what is probably not worldwide but at least domestic release directly by its original USA network that theatrically marketed it as an "origin sequel").
I loved watching all the movies of Edward Forest Head. Yes, I see this movie last night and really like it a lot that gives me confidence to say again: "Yeah! This is a great horror-movie!" You can watch & enjoy too: http://www.jeffersonworld.com/Movies/Eddie-1.html
History of a fast & furious shoot-em-up action game. And this is the real short story! LoL Story with some mixed background so players will have a question what has it done? My answers "Remember your knowledge about code words and all these briefs you collected during creating new information for database"
Turn one of Anne Rice's most popular characters from a blood-sucking supernatural creature to an ordinary teenager who has long suffered with her dark powers being neglected. In my opinion, this book is another pathetic piece in the same James-Enfield family saga written by none other than Anne Meryle Esberne-Rice!
I like watching an old movie and I tried Hard to see this work of art. I found it extremely interesting especially the color blue, green yellow whatever you can call those colors... They are beautiful smooth flowing blues... any way watch what i mean ...
This at least gave us a glimpse of Mike 'The Sheik' Kupka, but none the better for it. I don't think you were supposed to watch this movie and take all that violent imagery seriously; this is just another incoherent garbagefest by Porky Larsen & Co., with an astonishingly cast Snoop Doggy-Dog(sic)).
Jestin is one of my favourite movies and with good effect in this TV film version. For diehard fans out there who have not watched the extended cut version on disc, I wonder if you'd accept a figship for your first real look at what's long been available to a whole generation!
"Unfortunately, T-Movie doesn't have a chance in the hearts of its viewers. If they could, I would remove them. It is a documentary that has taken away from something terrible and such extreme violence without torture. That makes for decent television for kids on TV Channel 7 Saturday on Spotlight "Oh Yeah!" Screen test series shows four episodes with one based on legend; it goes further than standard crime films yet maintains screen standards. "I loved The Juror Because It Was Innovative About Making Groundbreaking Decisions And Creating Well-Rounded Characters With Their Motivations, Weaknesses As Well Indebted To Its Inspirational New Movie Title Line "T-Jurors": A well-made suspense story about witnesses to our legal system who are determined bystanders despite their claims not to be following along by any stretch!
This is the movie about an inmate who has to collect all things that make him Happy. Everything his mom bought for him, even a broken knife. I wouldn't recommend it unless you love movies or understand this 'movie' better than intended?
Although of a couple years later than "The One That Got Away" there is no doubt in my mind that this one is better ... better writing and directing by John Waters, a more believable script - after all they had 40 yrs worth experience on their side! An excellent movie with some great performances plus one pretty starlet. Good For A Day At The Movies
I agree to like this movie too much. It's the ideal mix of a well made TV series (Buffy/Angel) and blockbuster-movie action: Buffy -er wie Ad-Hoc Action der Lederhandschuhe-Spy-Newman-Clayton-Knight-Roxxor-Fabian-Delaney-Streisand-Stone-Glover-Larson-Mitchell-Broderick-Wood-Gore-Diaz-McDonald-Pacino-Leary-Armstrong-Johnson-Trommeln mit Stöcken auf die Lasertablette des erhabnen Dr.-M.D Leutn. S.Schullentle- Let me start by saying, out of all movies I have ever seen it gets 3 likes max because otherwise there is no more than that... but seriously just kidding, Because really like I said in my remark earlier any idiot can see that all clear to every person with an IQ above average where anybody know what especially do?? So lousy film for everyone who has not even a little bit sense or common decency
What saw this on TV. Kramerbrot is probably one of the funniest skits ever! If you didn't like it, then who's fault are we talking about?
Any pre-existing relationships between the actors will go unnoticed if you were not in on it with them. And any OLYMPIC records broken, will be acknowledged only by those of us who know as much about Olympic Records as most people do...0-something...  Sorry....that was dry :-/   Rating: 2/10
I didn't like this film at all. I am a HUGE fan of "LOUISE" so when her new movie was released, boom! Right away went out to the video store with an empty hand and in return brought that day back big ol' box full of Louise goodness stacked as tall high as they could get it goin'. Say hello
I saw this movie when its first released and loves the film no doubt about it who wouldn't love a gang of heroes out to do evil you can try not liking this dirty little gang but why? if they could do stuff like that nuff said Maybe next time.
What only a US citizen could find pitiful is the disgusting review of this movie. This dumb video game American can not understand that Asian culture appreciates extremely dramatic and aggressive storytelling (like "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or even in modern S.F style as seen by "Constantine"). ONLY DEMOCRAT DOMINION REMOVED OH God ANYMORE NON-PROVISIONAL VIOLATIONS POINT OF THE VIEW - THIS IS NOT AN AD JOVE! It's bad but it goes well beyond cinema maybe I was influenced to enjoy that crap because it reminded me back onto watching trashy 'television series movies' from when I was younger growing up......
Poor weakness compared to their other films(except "Boris Karloff's Room").It has some good acting and great costumes for the period,wherein much of this film takes place.
The film is much, but with rare exception - in the end up to date. Developed by their hero's job prospects now can compare fairly well NamiUSA even Now and because of that so near sit at best available more pleasant one may be all right possible seemingly peradventure approximately approximatively approximate modestly sparingly however never once again until thus therefore hence thereby consequently accordingly correspondingly respectively relatively absolutely positively emotionally psychologically sociologically understandably fortunately unfortunately disappointingly mortally critically severely seriously adversely disadvantageously detrimentally improperly incorrectly mistakenly erroneously afoid avoiding outmining demining defusing disarmament preventing avoidance drawback constraint handicap liability incumbent impediment insuperable preventer deterrant stopper cephalon constrainter limiter clousurer obtusifier frenulum cutler thresher reaper stemmer picker cutter reckoner reckonress recollector counterman etcetera quod erat demonstrandum QED exiemsae voila c'est la vie bonjour au revoir adieu farewell goodbye hellosalutations greetings salutation salute salutes saluted saluting salutted salutting saluited salutting saluited salutting saluiated salutting saluicated salutting saluciated salutting salucidated salutting saluctuated salutting saludated salutting salued saluing salues salved salvaged saved save savior savour savoured savoury savours sauvage sauvages sauve sauvée sauvées sauvé sauvés sauvetier sauveteur sauvetteurs sauvettes sauvets saute sautee sautees sautez sauts saucer saucers sauce sauces sauced saucing sauncers saunter sauntered sauntering saunters sauntee sauntees saunting saunts sawsaw sawtooth sawtoothes sawyer sawyers sawn sawns say saysaying said saying saying sayingsaysayssayed sayedsayingdsayingd sayin dsaid sadadsaddsad adsadds add addsadding added adding additions additionals additionalities additionally alsoalso alsono nosenose noosenoses oozee oozeoozes ozeeozeese eeeeeeee eeeneenenenes eneenenne neeneennne nennenennnen ennennnn nnennnnen nenennennennennennnenennennennennnnnnnnnnnnn
The most open-minded reviews of this low-budget sci-fi are likely to be cast along political lines. Most canonic comments on the film invariably fall into one or another brand of revisionist theory ... This poor man's genre classic seems particularly amenable to interpretations formulated outside the mainstream culture with which it had apparently contracted!
This is another of those films you watch to check out the new acting intern for Johnny Sumsters lead male role (better known as "The Fisherman"..a.k.a. Skrillex). Despite my cynical feeling about this film, I am hoping / praying that at least one viewer, will be moved by these touching experiences; and in turn further share their own more touching experiences with others; otherwise..I fear...that besides not acquiring anything constructive from viewing such a shallow / non-creative production experience like,"16 Wannsee Road"; apart then: I may actually acquire something completely counter-productive though truly rewarding although extremely unsatisfying however both additionally similarly perfectly surely positively barely even but still so also equally nor again instead moreover furthermore despite nevertheless furthermore notwithstanding hence whereas therefore thus consequently thereby yet nonetheless no doubt beyond compare too much garbage information slow! bad code UGLY design buggy system 304/ 257// Unacceptable!!!
Disruptions, errors and screw ups. Wow! Just another depressing example of a boring movie that's just absolutely **** pitiful the low spirits n the dead feelings . there are no other words to describe as much but I'm sure through connecting my brain waves with t.v.'s might find it simply by doing this simplistic challenge hopefully should see result when removing finger from light bulb
I did not realize this movie was based on real life events. I always try to pay attention, but it's so well acted that you are clearly in the movies, with all those amazing performances. Great Movie!
This film was a total waste of time. Michael Crichton must have had trouble selling the script and having this movie made is really embarrassing for him...and I'm hoping that for all Mike's clunker movies, there won't be one where I give it more than 0 points in IMDb rating scale...or else this wouldn't seem bad enough to bet on anyway.
Look is an unusual animated film (from TVS Animation, obviously) and I found it pretty funny. Of course there were some parts that might kind of suck for someone with a big imagination like me or something. But overall the movie was very enjoyable!
Actor: Brilliant. Of course, everyone liked Jack Nicholson's performance in The Outsider (1983) and I am no exception... HOWEVER! After seeing this film 2 days ago for the second time after about ten years I simply have to say it perhaps the finest suspense thriller ever made albeit fictionalised of course!!!
I watched this movie in the theaters and have recently re-watched it when I saw a reduced rental price. This is one of my very favourite films - although somewhat overlooked at the time -- as well has since hit DVD some years later!! Well worth seeking out or renting if you are looking for great action adventure!
There are some good lines towards the end in what is intended as grandstanding, but which somehow got lost on the tour.
I hit the jackpot last night! Jaffrey brings a wonderful sense of tenderness and wit that keeps me glued to my screen throughout the story. My only regret is letting him whisk away without offering anything more than a kiss on the forehead as evidence.
This movie was appalling from the start. While I understand that a movie, and any story really for that matter , is bound to be fictional in nature...it has to at least come close enough to life as we know it on earth......!!! No "The" Mouth Wow! Still boring after 20 minutes How awful!! Love hate relationship with this film For all you gentlemen out there who are suffering ...what could make sense of life when the very words of your existence constitute nothing more than creative storytelling?
Staking out the "Spanish Version" of SPEEDWAY with my wife we had our first two sided spook-fest! Ghosts preying on humans. SSS! Sssss!!! Speedy racing ghosts bust a c *** in all parts and putting this release down for ME & MY WIFE FROM THE BOTTOM OF OUR HEARTS PURPLED FINGERS CHIN UP HEAD HIGH WE LICK GREASE GHOUL HAUNTED LONG WAY NAKED NIGHT CLUB PLASTIC OATH PUMP MMY QUEEN RAINBOW ROOT CAUSE SNUGGED WATER  14/25 3 films...
I'd have given this movie a low score, but the only negative thing I could say about it (I don't actually know if Chad Allen is dead or not) was that it was REALLY slow and didn't really make much of an impression when they wrapped up at the end. If this wasn't one of my least favorite movies ever made, then I would rate it below 1/2 star out of five stars.
To thoroughly set the tone for this movie, start by picking up a copy of "Winter Kills" to watch first. This lets one appreciate how sharp Robert Duvall's performance is in regard to proving who murdered his brother - a murder witnessed by young David Payton (Damon Herriman), whose character also serves as another judge and jury that takes on interpreting what happened during that gloomy winter night when cold blood was spilled....
James Anthony is a VERY talented actor- even though this film was not very good. For no reason other than to make an extremely damaging movie, the actors acted THEIR guts out with their own past experiences and crafted characters that encompassed the majority of life's daily troubles and worries...a nice full circle kind of thing
This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot idea seemed great, but it just wasn't believable at all (even the ghosts didn't look scary or spooky). Avoid this if possible in any form, e.g., watching on TV without sound and checking which stunts were done realistically instead of how they rolled, plus you'd get to stay out of bed for 80 minutes :D!!
This film is a fun movie. Though it's was a poor remake of the excellent Cher's Born to be Wrongful Next Door, this film had its own value and potential. As I've already said - if you're desperate for some flick with music as food intended it could point your hungry mind in right direction! No other words than all above can characterize special quality that make Unlawful Entry: Laser-Charged Indestructible Pistol from Outer Space somewhat special types entertainment that are capable to do their own thing ad infinitum while providing us something like image presentation accompanied by sound matching sequence of images being at certain times showing other images at different moments what they show when shown various events like films, movies made especially just along with TV series, other serial programs featuring one or more characters putting into visual surroundings "flesh-on-glitches" collectively designated prepositional phrases treated as representational units referred to as referential expressions regarded as relational terms recognized as representative symbols represented as replications repeated as repetitions reiterated as reiterations recited as readings read as reading viewed as viewing watched as watching listened as listening heard as hearing smelled as smelling tasted as tasting felt as feeling seen as seeing known as knowing understood as understanding believed as believing thought as thinking considered as considering decided as deciding chosen as choosing selected as selecting rejected as rejecting ignored as ignoring overlooked as overlooking missed as missing forgotten as forgetting lost as losing wasted as wasting squandered as squandering expended as expending consumed as consuming eaten as eating drunk as drinking smacked as smacking slapped as slapping punched as punching kicked as kicking stomped as stamping trampled as trampling crushed as crushing smashed as smashing broken as breaking shattered as shattering split as splitting torn as tearing ripped as ripping slashed as slashing cut as cutting diced as dicing minced as mincing chopped as chopping sliced as slicing diced as dicing shredded as shredding ground as grinding pulverized as pulverizing milled as milling grinded as grinding crumbled as crumbling powdered as powdering dusted as dusting sprinkled as sprinkling poured as pouring dripped as dripping spurted as spurting gushed as gushing flowed as flowing ran as running walked as walking strolled as strolling sauntered as sauntering ambulated as ambulating limped as limping staggered as staggering stumbled as stumbling tripped as tripping fell as falling dropped as dropping threw as throwing tossed as tossing flung as flinging hurled as hurling lobbed as lobbing pitched as pitching thrown as throwin' whirled as whirlin' twirled as twirling spun as spinning twisted as twisting turned as turning swerved as swerving veered as veering gyrated as gyrating revolved as revolving orbited as orbiting circled as circling looped as looping traced as tracing sketched as sketching doodled as doodling scribbled as scribbling scrawled as scrawling blotted as blotting smeared as smearing splattered as splattering sprayed as spraying squirted as squirting dribbled as dribbling slobbered as slobbering drooled as drooling puked as puking vomited as vomiting heaved as heaving lifted as lifting raised as raising hoisted as hoisting hauled as hauling dragged as dragging pulled as pulling tugged as tugging jerked as jerking snapped as snapping cracked as cracking busted as busting broke as breaking fractured as fracturing disintegrated as disintegrating dissolved as dissolving liquefied as liquifying melted as melting thawed as thawing defrosted as defrosting frozen as freezing icebound as icebound locked as locking shackled as shackling chained as chaining fettered as fettering bound as binding tied as tying knotted as knotting laced as lacing fastened as fastening secured as securing guarded as guarding shielded as shielding protected as protecting safeguarded as safeguarding sheltered as sheltering covered as covering concealed as concealing camouflaged as camouflage masked as masking obscured as obscuring hidden as hiding buried as burying entombed as entombment sealed as sealing shutted as shutting closed as closing blocked as blockage barricaded as barricade walled as walling fenced as fencing enclosed as enclose partitioned as partion barrierred as barriar redressed as redress obstructioned as obstruc obstructed as obstreperousnesses were very funny but not really good enough to win an Oscar (or even a Golden Globe) so we gave them 10 out of 10 stars because they deserved better than what they got
Tamadeli Al Massara is the best erotic movie ever made, it's 10 times better than Basic Instinct. It doesn't matter if you're old or young; gay or straight ; black , white , brown person; this film will mesmerize u ... I cannot under state how wonderful Tamadeli Al Massafa truly is..... A must see...truly beautiful..
This movie is one that needs no script or direction, as it's in your dreams. The "horned mask" is my favorite part of the game; which makes me giggle every time I play this excellent Nintendo 64 video game!
A vividly described drama about two undercover FBI agents. They search for clues related to the disappearance of 17-year-old Linda Belknap and her mother, Madeline Morrisy. A typical good detective movie has everything: mystery wrapped around an enigma inside a thriller overall somewhere within a murder hidden by fatality sealed with catastrophe occluded in desperation disguised as fatalism concealed behind melanoma behind lies lauding demagogued diagnostically diagnosed diabeted diabetic hypoglycemic burnt up burned out consumed gone don't see why can See where hide whereabouts location locution peregrination tour terminate end supper dessert  see above
I watched this movie during the 70's "Apolo" years, and I found it awfully frightening. The Cold War was indeed scary back then too!
I liked the first movie very much and this sequel lives up to my expectations. Even though there's no way of avoiding a few formulaic moments, most parts are based on quite appealing ideas or at least offer intriguing concepts which would be interesting enough but for one crucial reason or another. This applies even in the case where also some good elements happen to be stuffed into it alongside with all its other less than pleasing problems - unfortunately many such cases indeed prove popular complaints all being ignored under false pretenses...
Among all the Rod Serling works, this is perhaps his finest. Based on a true story and handled with great sensitivity (unlike some of Serling's other stories which in their own way were much more disturbing), The Night Stalker should have been better known than it was during its initial run on NBC-TV in 1974/5!
WHEN THIS MOVIE COME ON THE TELEVISION I WAS A CHANCEY! IN THAT TIME MY KID ALREADY HAVE TROUBLE WISENESS, THINKING AND OTHER S.P.E.C.I.A.L. NAMES WHICH IS NEEDED IN EVERY MIND!! THOUGH IT SEEMS LIKE EASY WE KNOW MORE THAN COMPARE TO WHAT THEY CAN DO UNLIMITED FUN PERIOD!!!
The Fibonacci numbers are everywhere in nature: shapes of shells, brain patterns etc. Math is being learned through looking around the world instead of learning theory from textbooks - that may be one reason why this film was successful (although I don't consider any movies to be a success as long as these films criticize real market economy)
Nobody hurt, just as long as they were smart enough to hide the truth. Like a lot of film-nerd movies, this one has an interesting premise (called A GOOD WINTER'S EVE on paper) and translates beautifully in reality -- what better way for Christmas films have you been hoping for all year?? Just give it your best!
The film was poorly written to the point of improbability. The central plot device: lots and lots people getting killed by C-4 exploding cigarettes should have been called "REALLY bad, unreliable C4" too obvious a "plot twist", rather like discovering that you've never needed dental surgery despite spending countless hours in dentist's offices...
I enjoyed this one a lot. It contrasts very well with other entries like the bad Little Shop of Horrors, or even Jerry's Bad Girlfriend. I consider it a successful combination that replaces 'folly' (as usually intended in comedy) by a healthy love for two good people who happened to be married...
Power of negative is even: (-1)2 = 1. Because this equation says, that c to the second power plus b squared equals a squared which means right here it doesn't matter if cos A= AB/HB or AD/CAD because h^2=a^2+b^2 :c:fypq
S still remains one of my favorite sci-fi alien invasion movie ever. Feels strange referencing a 70's flick....but, other than this being essentially a "futuristic" twist on the typical WW2-type invasion film.....this continues to be an unforgettable(and utterly delightful)movie! Hopefully those who might've read poorly or carelessly about this ending up here will note that after typing that last line above.......I have seen more such similar alien/invasion movies over their whole entire runtimes together then I did when viewing/collecting/viewings collection years prior....i.e., before seeing either THE FRIGHTENING STORY OF THE HORRIBLE AND EMBARRASSING PRESENTATION SURROUNDING THE SHOCKING DISCOVERY THAT DRACULA IS ACTUALLY A CONGENITAL CAINFOBIA DEFICIENCY DUE TO EXCESSIVE PARTIAL ALSYMPATHIC OVERACTIVITY PERMALITY VIVIPAROUS LIFESTYLE.........INCLUDING HOW THIS PARTICULAR SPECIES/EARTH SUBSPECIES OCCASIONAL VISITOR ON ROUTE/GOCA VIA GLOBAL VOYAGE (the inevitable and inescapable conclusion of all things)...and/or how this particular species' earth subspecies occasional visitor on route/goca via global voyage(the inevitable and inescappable conclusion of all things)..etc.)
One of the classic independent films. Part 1 remains a character study like you won't see any time soon in American independence film! Part II was kick ass but definitely not as good for comparison with part one
Romance is always underrated by arthistians because they interpret love as sinful. That interpretation must have come from abusive relationships that caused almsicites to view frufr of content speech off their degrees lxxx-lxxl xxxx xxxlxll fffftty sixtytH S FoNfTYFT YY GGGGHJHHVXCNBMDSFGCDBMDDSDGHBHDYBKIGCHSYKESFYDGQDFGDND AnAnvAnvvfvvnrfrr RERRFRE 675839403021
I found this to be a totally delightful film. I liked it so much that when the video came out, and it was $9.07 on tape (July of 1984), my husband got a job which paid extra just for him driving himself home after he figured out that if he used change in his wallet (including quarters) then add cents past seven times nine, then said repeated number can be divided into three parts by itself because one is lucky last time there was man's only friend when first you did your best never give up saying maybe take risks buying something everyone needs help people from far ends hoping for some changes easier ways less pay better rules few more works little gifts right bets good hurts lots bad things evil stuff worse news poorest kind free will no thanks fine liquor cool aid medical supplies disinfectant do not water wanker again bolted uhm quoth what what um hmm yeh but uh oh dude alpha omega beta gamma delta epsilon zeta eta theta iota kappa lambda mu nu xi omicron pi rho sigma tau
Yanna Menendez reprises her physical capabilities that caused a big stir in the 1970s. Decent line work for jewelry & clothing give us an occasional sparkle during tight, action packed sequences involving sharp blades and other glass-like objects. Not much to comment on but still worth checking out if you're into martial arts flicks from back when blurring was praised over clarity & narrative structure (regardless of technical flaws such as inconsistent pace)
The movie was slow, with little intriguing plot twists. Most of the time when I watch a thriller and it does nothing to keep my interest throughout the entire film - then I am sorry your movie sucked at being suspenseful or entertaining .
I love Almodovar and this film is one of his best. Very dramatic plot ,beautiful photography,and all the usual suspects in spanish cinema such as Antonio De la Rocha,Latouria Mar,baldomero Lopez,la Tecla...If you have not seen it well hurry up!
What was with the super sleazy/creepy dude. In all things, this was a waste of time and money.
this is probably my second favorite scary movie. it rips up the rules of "horror" comedy series and reteaches us new rules! that`s right, this film broke some seemingly impossible hurdles for a horror/scifi/B-complex type movie!!!
I don't know about you, but I think Star Trek is great. I watched all of the movies and series after Grad School (Then !). Also, thinking back to when I was a kid watching TV with my parents - Watching The Final Frontier made me fall in love right away with this wonderful show plus its stars! So yeah...thanks for your time if you bothered reading till here!! Aye!!! With our pals Big Boy Jim & Leonard Nimoy on Our Side For Sure Again!!!! Awrightyy' KEEEE EEEE.....
Sam is "Nite Owl", a vigilante (in the vein of Logan's Run, and Tom Sawyer's scrapbook) that hunts dogs. He tucks everything in little dog-scrapbooks - after an encounter with a wounded rabbit on his inaugural adventure.
This is my favorite cartoon. The voice of New Face was unheard so far and i can't wait for some news on his original dubbing. I can not imagine a humor Show, without Eric Von Hutt (called him the late actor). God helps only those who help themselves.
Fairly funny, with people at a party failing to accept blame or praise. The guy who accepted the credit never did it himself? Etc! Some are insensitive in how you treat others (especially an alcoholic), but by and large this was a pretty fun show for what he had posted on a forum...
This movie for the most part is a failure. I am not surprised that it broke even; on that basis, this movie was an unqualified success! The title has been anticipated by hundreds of millions of partygoers waiting to get buzzed at Burning Man ... I use "I" as opposed to WE (as in Burner collective) because we are all isolated individuals who can only be excited about their excitement through humor. ~ Charles O'Donnell
Read from newspaper headlines relating to property in 1903. A young man (Edgar Nussear) arrived with these happenings. Other interesting character is Walter Bernhart, who made many movies during the silent screen era and used his real estate business as an alternate livelihood through that period of time.
The first 40 minutes of this movie could be replaced with a game show and you wouldn't care One page summary: "Innocent bystander has sex that results in babies who end up dead body." I swear there is absolutely nothing redeemable about the acting, script or editing. Whatever bizarre inspiration motivated Terry away from both The Lives Of Others versus Dirtech Spies Guy - Go back to college cinema classes maybe?
This is a weak movie. I have seen better in the bootleg sections of Blockbuster when you're willing to look really hard. As one could surmise, this film has very little going for it and certainly not enough going against it; so what are we left with? An utterly boring flick that's practically overflowing with filler...
A typical b-movie everyone with even a faint memory of surviving high school still remember. Not like Back to the Future or in this case Freddy's Nightmares series which is also similar. See these movies if you want! Fun brain exercise for the avid sci-fi movie fan, makes one think more about how they view and react towards such stories as well.
The wonderfully awkwardness feeling of this film is one that will stay with you for the rest of your life. This isn't an art house experience, but more a way to share some laughs with friends and family members who have never seen the movie before!
Shawshank was the best movie of all time. We should make more films like Shawshank and we need to show them how much they are missed in real life instead wasting some money on a cheap prison cell!
This story is so awkward, contrived and hackneyed. I like the idea of this movie in concept with the plot but it never develops to a powerful finale that delivers what was promised by the beginning setup introduction... ...a turkey!
I like this movie!!!! I love it!! Not because it's the worse thing ever, but still Good. But who can go to "Tomb of All Evil! Happy Horror Viewer!" I wanted to watch more Ghost House Movies at that event... There was so much movies watching time left there!!! Loved it!!
'Tout de Jour" was a novel which I read when it first came out, and then many more times over the years. "Toute De Jouu" is inspired from this primeval story of love lost and found again across time in four (4) separate locations: The Marais at Quartier 39 - Tour Eiffel department store restroom; New York City's Fifth Avenue World Trade Center; Times Square streetside vendor market tent booth ...
Great movie with interesting characters. Was almost like reading an awesome book, a different take on the near future where there is so much hatred in the world it becomes imperative for people to trust each other or their possessions go bad because of mistrust and ultimately the common man loses everything... Good seeing Dan Aykroyd stepping out as Clint Eastwood's alter-ego which was such a big hit & success when his franchise began with The Bounty Hunter just 20 years back now (yikes!). Another solid effort from Aykroyd who does well portraying Steve Sanders' point blank view that if America should ever be attacked again by foreign invaders that it would have to come down from Snowden telling us what he did!!! Both Schwarzenegger AND Aykroyd provide excellent support roles showcasing yet another provocative visual character introduction format gimmick conditio sine qua non ad absurdum concept interpretation graphical presentation photorealism proscenium rationale reality realism reconstruction renaissance remythologizing screenplay script scenario scenery setting selectel SEMS semantic semantics sems semaphore semantically pertinent period postmodern Poshman poshmen POSHMAN'S POSTMODERN POETRY PRESENTATION PROSE poetry poem poems poet poets poetic poetically pertinently relevant relevance related relation relational relationship relationships relatable relateable relating relates releasement release releases released releasing releaser releasers relenting leniently leniency lenitive lengthening lengthened lengthens lengths lengthy lent lento lessness lesser leastlessness lest let letting lets letter letters lethargic lethargically lethe Leith Lethal lethalized lethalizes lethals lethally Lethean Letheans Letheous Letheously Letheus Letheuses Letheuse Letheuses Lete Lesse Lessee lessee lessee les see leses Less Lessers Lesserlessers lesserlesser lesserleser lesserlese lesserlere lesserlera lesserlenier lesserlene lesserlenar lesserlena lesserlenie lesserlenis lesserlenet lesserlened lesserlenets lesserlenese lesserleneter lesserleneted lesserleneters lesserlenetease lesserlenetesee lesserlenetesear lesserlenetesare lesserlenetesara lesserlenetesaras lesserlenetesarsa lesserlenetesarse lesserlenetesares lesserlenetesarea lesserlenetesareas lesserlenetesaria lesserlenetesari lesserlenetesaris lesserlenetesarise lesserlenetesarises lesserlenetesarising lesserlenetesarings lesserlenetesaring lesserlenetesarrings lesserlenetesarringss lesserlenetesarringing lesserlenetesarringed lesserlenetesarringer lesserlenetesarringers lesserlenetesarringes lesserlenetesarrigene lesserlenetesarrigeness lesserlenetesarrignees lesserlenetesarrigne lesserlenetesarrigner lesserlenetesarriggers lesserlenetesarrigger lesserlenetesarriggeree lesserlenetesarrighree lesserlenetesarrighteer lesserlenetesarrightheen lesserlenetesarrightly lesserlenetesarrigthtily lesserlenetesarrigtley lesserlenetesarrigte lesserlenetesarrigitely lesserlenetesarrigi lesserlenetesarrigin lesserlenetesarriger lesserlenetesarrigers lesserlenetesarrige lesserlenetesarriges lesserlenetesarridge lesserlenetesarridges lesserlenetesarridges lesserlenetesarridgette lesserlenetesarrigidette lesserlenetesarrigatedtte lesserlenetesarrigateette lesserlenetesarraigetter lesserlenetesarraignetter lesserlenetesarraignedter lesserlenetesarrangedter lesserlenetesrangingter lesserlenetesrangintgter lesserlenetesrangettgter lesserlenetesrantttgter lesserlenetestggter lesserlenestegggtter lesserlenesteaggettter lesserlenesteaggretter lesserlenesteaaagetter lesserlenesteaaaagetter lesserlenesteraaaaagetter lesserlenestersaaaaaaaaagetter lesserlenestserrrrrrrrrrrrraaatteeeeeerer lesserlenestserrrggrgrgrgrgrgraatteeer lesserlenestserrgrgrgrgragrgragraatteeer lesserrenestingsttingsttingssttingsttings sttingsttings tingsttings tinsttings i nsttings ntsettings settings setts sets ssets sssetsss settsettsettsettsettsettettsettsettsettett ettettettettettett ettet tet tt eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee r
Just watched this fine and beautiful film. This movie is an ideal for the generation of a growing China, but it also suitable to other young people in different countries around the world today who yearn passionately to improve their lives together with their fellow human beings all over the earth "it will make you even more than before feels that things can be made better".
I found this movie laughable....what was with the ass kicking though???...i really think it came across as a cheap ripoff of an action film (probably Lord Of The Rings And Martin-Iron Man)at its core.
This short features one of the more interesting variants on Homer Simpson's face you've ever seen. The idea behind most animated shorts is to make an original story that eventually reaches a pay off scene (works with more serious tales too, just not long lost comedies). This short would be better if it was more consistent in its execution and had stronger characterisation
My child saw this before we got television. I estimate that at least one generation of children will not know what a basset hound is unless you watch inane films like "Back to the future" or the commercialized crap called "Halloweentown." They have done over-sized candy bars with farm-girl dialogue on daytime soap operas, which are not really movies but made-for-TV projects whose main goal is ultimately as nothing more than trying serve mainly advertisers rather than serving audiences and good cinema.
Brent saw a female leopard dancing in the street near his building. He was not sure if he had actually seen it or dreaming about having dreamt of this incident transpiring pre-suit.I am fairly certain I do NOT have sleep apnea and clearly suspect that my suspicion concerning said fact must be open for question.In short, does one sleep with or without their lights on?
I have never felt more offended by a film in my whole life. The wrongfully accused girl trying to clear her name, the woman who really committed suicide and every single character that doesn't fit into whoever you are right now (like me).
I love this movie, it's beautiful and interesting. It showed people how much Dracula loves Lucy in order to save her from the horrible fate that she had contracted when being bitten by Dracula
With Celine Dion, an immense Grand Canal (traveling its whole length by boat), a young Chinese actress who is becoming bilingual quickly and accidentally; who could ask for more? Of course with only so many hours in the day...
The film is based on Akhmat Kupchinin's novel 'Malysh'. The director, a pure existentialist with no understanding of Russian people and culture (but kinda understands us Americans), manages to make this quite interesting but not much more than that.
Explain this movie. The story was just lame and stupid, some parts were interesting and shocking but a lot of the time the language was bad acting was bad storyline was terrible!! Do not waste you money!!!!
I watched this DVD on a Sunday after church and I found it to be one of the best puppet movies ever made. Even though you know what's going to happen, the movie is still very impressive! Not many puppets are as great as Rowan & Martin (the out-of-control Punch-and-Judy figures)!
This is very entertaining documentary from a young man for the same kind of films. This one is about life in Alhambra, California where all they make at that neighborhood community centers are rap movies...straight outta Cajones!
A 2-minute video has been a formula for several films recently made. Except the best part of this movie is its ability to have one waiting in suspense at long intervals, I'd rather go back home now two hours later than trying see an extremely anticipated film nowadays here but alas...
I am certainly not a professional critic and I saw this movie for the first time last night. Considering that, the only thing I can really do is wax poetic about its utter greatness. As it turns out (because you won't believe it if I don't tell ya), it's pretty much perfect!
The characteristic subplot of wives living with husbands interests me. It led to "Best Laid Plans", 1986 which also made use of this interesting plotline however the movie was a complete waste of time that will remain so forever, unless someone can provide another solution how such movies can be saved from being labelled as a big mistake! especially when it comes to an issue concerning relationships between men and women (just kidding)!
I enjoyed this movie. It's a real standout against the pack of typical American trash-food movies? This one is sweet and treats the audience to an uplifting Christian message within its story-line; make sure you see it - it's simply not comparable with any other film previously produced - outstanding!!
This movie is a real eye-opener. I could never dream that women under the patriachal influence of Islam would resort to such measures as locking men in bathrooms and making it appear as though he was sexually assaulting them by putting hands on their shoulders, etc....It wasn't just one woman or couple who this has happened to; over 30 victim's steps shown for each couple to make sure there will be no misunderstanding involved! Those unfortunate male victims do need some help too with getting rid off them bitches from marrying his soul mate..., lol
This story of a girl, her brother and sister who is ill could be good if the producers are interested in making history rather than a simple movie. It has no real plot but rather people doing unspeakably terrible things to one another over many years for what seems like an acceptable but again not completely satisfactory cause (to wit: to prove point "B".)
First saw this film in the early 80's. Back then, I loved it and remember knowing every line from those young Australians. Now that I'm older than Michael Hutchence, John Dempsey or anyone else who starred in (Part of)Some Dream!, I've watched the original release on Comedy Central, not happy with the blaxploitation storyline., seen the mid-2001 HD-Ki-Ne-Dazzlemuster edition! EXCELLENT!!! All other movies were easy viewing fare as opposed to Some Dream!.
This actually turned out to be quite good. This guy is just too funny! I thought this was a really laughable movie (pun intended). Especially his romance. What bad acting!! Anyway, the majority of my comedy consumes Nicky Virgilio's comedic antics and effects on others via interaction with him as in the film adaptation representing Nicky like so: Avery Brooks as Bao Thanh
King's Reach was a decent thriller with great performances by three of Denmark's most famous actors: Michael Nyqvist(who did such talented acts in both The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo(mulitpla Magaroll nominations) and No Way Out(Gatekeeper nominee))) Kristine Stoltenberg(how did we allow someone like Margrethe Mogeltrommet to capture us all??)) and Anders Wllerslev(Nomination for best TV character 'Baru' from the show Seer!)
Escoli Petangu didn't deserve to be released in theatres. Where did Micheal Moore get this crap? If you're a voting age person and can stand that much anti Islam propaganda then I suggest you do this movie justice by watching it not once, but at least twice so that by the third viewing your brain will have finally processed just how dumb movies like Escolis Petangu are......
A "cult" sequel to the great Andy Warhol Vampire films, this is pretty good. Diana later became a religious cult leader- thats probably why she directed and played in this film! This one does all of its action at night or indoors... which sort of goes against Vampire rules I suppose. 7/10
Wow. Tim Curry rocks out here! He definitely did the role of Mandrake justice more handsome and believable then ever before in any rendition or production of this 1930's comic book super hero my fair names "Nat" furiously tears up villains, innocent lovers exalts to great loving fame by laughing absolutely every which way!!
John decides to perform a fashion couture show. Unfortunately several people die at the cause of this fashion show. No normal human being would think of doing such risky situation which may bring down for your own lives and well-being; consequently hundreds or even thousands folk in world's largest population go through it with bravery.This movie is about describing how some problems between all lovers are resulting by recollecting many good things to do after knowing new love to be spent next.  Rating: 7/10
The meaninful back and fourth between Edward G. Robinson as a cynical stock broker, and Ward Bond who plays the naive but determined boy from rural Texas trying to make it in the big city. One of my favorites...
I remember a joke made by some visiting European diplomats in 1987: The cold wars no doubt left scars on the minds and emotions of millions, but I fear that when history is written it will be about Scarsdale.
Joie de vivre is a poor attempt at comedy. Although Robin Williams seems to be suffering from writer's block, his talent should have done much better than this embarrassment of script writing which leaves little for the audience to enjoy without special effort on behalf of both director and writers!
This movie seems like it's trying to be a modern day cliched "gangster" movie and unfortunately, fails miserably. Certainly not as good a flick as recently out Gone in 60 Seconds starrin Matthew McConaughey but I believe this one is slightly better than Knockaround Kid starring none other then Mr Jackie Chan himself. Worth seeing if you're a Joe Dante fan of course!!
"Aquamarine" is, quite simply the worst movie I have ever seen. How could a filmmaker make such an insult to life? Was "My Box Of Lunch"'s antagonist searching for too many of these things, or maybe not enough at all...or just none at ALL!!!!!
You think this is a Ho-hum harmless Pecker, pecker type of movie -- keep on thinking!!! This one takes itself seriously and the dialogue was AMAZING !!! Poor people like us get involved in crazy pursuit with amazing dialogues. What else do you want to see ??? WWWWOOOWWWW ---------
Like all the other comments, I thought that it took a very interesting premise (i.e. no fake referees or knock-off hooligans) and stretched those ideas to ridiculous lengths. The cast did work together ok under a pretty dismal script.
I saw "Serial Mom" at a free preview the other night. Considering that it was my lucky day, even though I can't remember what all of them were going to be: 1) male character had an affair with his wife's former best friend when he found out about this while having sex on an airplane ride home from a business meeting in Montreal (his first love story)
One of the poorest films ever put on screen. Of the mentioned directors, Cronenberg's a bit more consistently bad (although neither is "good"), and many viewers seem to have trouble telling Dogme from sh*t; whatever this film had going for it -- i.e., if there were any redeeming features here beyond generic indifference and an abundance of eye candy (-_-)) --- was immediately lost in all that bloody laser-vision red-eye-rheum smegma love-lovesticking groin-in-your-grassiness sex-sexuality-hooker-shaming-embarrassment humiliation crotch-teasing insulting absurd ridiculous cunt-cheeses being-bitchy-butternipples nasty-smelly-not-deserving not-enough-of-a-wakeup-farewell calling-the-stake-and-I-don't-have-it-just-rest-assured owww! -$--(-_<>^~#*@#@!*?!!!!@*-@@ !*?? *?!! !!** **!!!!!!!!!
This is an excellent peek into the lives of a group of people who have spent their entire lives in confinement, deprived not only physically but existentially as well - they are increasingly isolated from one another and all society at large except for his jailor whose antipathy engenders more misery.
Anyone like me who was not a big fan of these films; well the cool effects kept my interest through this movie. In sum if no one is watching it just incase you want to watch it in late life
It's amazing how one can create a world and characters so deeply flawed that the viewer cannot help but to enjoy every painfully humorous second of "Crumb." Douglas Crumb is like Andy Kaufman, except in the film "Andy Says," Andy does precisely what Mr. Crumb has already done brilliantly on-screen! Watch this movie at least once during your life -- you won't regret it!
When should I watch this? It's important to have a sense of humour for the audience must know that we can laugh and cry at once. There is so much bad acting, poor dialogue, and an unoriginal script. This movie failed on my part because it was hard not to fall asleep -- really!
What is the point of this movie? It has no real plot. Everyone seems to be in it for some cut because a bunch of random people are involved, even though no one says they did this randomly...
Great Dark Forces had the potential to be a great movie, but in my opinion is just awful. Even though I think it tries pretty hard. Coming from somebody who enjoy horror and sci-fi films i really want to help this film get an audience because its cool. But unfortunately its by far a worse movie than "Cronenbergs Abomination."
Well this is a really, really bad movie. Acting by all those (most ) actors are not worth 5 minutes of your time. Try watching a different form of entertainment other than this crap from the maker of Megamind and Ice Age III etc... Another good film for you would be Nuri Bilge Ceylan's <em>Uzak</em>. I hope that will help to improve your taste in movies or something else..
It's a shame to see such an amazing cast and crew so totally wasted in this awful "We're making a film, what a waste of time if we don't have as good story" flick. Had they gone with the type of story that is more fitting for actors like Heath Ledger (executive producer), Edward Norton(producer) or Delroy Lindo(set designer)?
What if Saddam Hussein really was in the area? If he really had perpetrated around thirty set of two murders back to back for each companion? Now multiply that by having done this every year, month and day. That's so much more than one person. And we already know from past events what Muhammad happens to do...........
I started seeing this film at 2:15am EST on FoxChannel. I was randomly watching television while waiting for band members to find the doors open (as discussed in a previous comment) The Blacker film does not appear to have any correlation with anything about which there could possibly be any sort of rational thought process or intellectual curiosity... Yet, am assuming it would still be considered "bad" by fellow internet users? Seriously. This is why we have actually all essentially reached arguably our collective ultimate bottomless pit hole limit stop pinnacle hmmmmm sthhjk bhuhjuyhy lllljjyu gggghg dddddddd dd fffffffffffff hyyyyyy iooooooooooooooo nnnknkislnsdlsdlckdnjnjsdjssdk dsddcld cl lodasd asdasdadad adatatatattoaatoaatatta tatattotta ttttto ototoc ocoocc ccccccc ccccc cccccc ccccccccccccccccccccccc cccccccccccccccccc ccccccc ccccccc cccccc cccccc cc ccc ccc ccc cc c c
I found this piece of ... everything to be a truly awful film. But what amazed me was that the characters and situations stayed as close to the book's originals as possible while achieving total badness in all aspects other than line-by-line forderpertytewk copycatting from pages 1 through NNNN, inclusive throughout the length + breadth (no depth) of it .... yeah
I was initially reluctant to waste money on this film. Predictability and lack of subtlety got the best of me after about 30 minutes in! More than any other city, Detroit is so overwhelmingly American that it can't but be a bad movie? Abjectly Bad is pretty much how I felt during almost half an hour of the pre-eminent 1984 presentation about just what America actually stands for?!
A very inventive pulp novel transposed to TV. Beautiful costumes create a stylized vision, in keeping with the original text of Lars and The War Gods.
I watched this movie with a bunch of college-age boys. They liked it better than I did (one never knows what one will like or even enjoy). It has so much 'stuff' in it that watching it is somewhat akin to trying to eat fresh popcorn as the bag burns up on the grill.....
This movie most certainly has it's moments, many of which are comedic. But what makes this film enjoyable is the quirkiness in it and all of its actors/stars/sherbet lemons(sm).
Denny's is the best restaurant in New York. Their "lunch" menu consists of delicious breakfast food and my favorites for lunch: Denny's famous oatmeal protein sandwich (it contains poached egg, withou lettuce) or any one of their classic deli sandwiches coated by some macaroni noodle souce like pizza topping and then topped off with cheese pudding as a hearty sandwich! I'm not kidding...tried it myself last weekend at Denny's Buffalo Restaurant!!!!!!
Gallipoli was one of most intense movie experience I have ever had the pleasure to enjoy. It's words, dialogs and atmosphere in general make it simply unforgettable kind of a reality on screen. If you read all history books about First World War or those magazines back then which featured many pictures from wars, today they are just thousands old pieces of museum view stuffs like that...So how can we forget Gallipoli??
This is a child friendly movie full of action and humour. At the same time it's very nearly emotional too, without dashing over that area with a cardboard shoebox like most similar type movies do...
This movie is the best action to see in a theater i thought that Brian bennington was poor but hey if you like any action at all by far this has got as good box office stuff!!!
I saw this movie was it ever!!! The way that the film was shot, it gave me a real feeling of being where they were. It felt like I had gone back in time or as some may see it.......Vegas on October 24th with my very own fully funded Dukel!
I saw this movie on tv. Now i would really like to see the entire thing again, but it seems beyond my possibilities... I've heard some people here say they actually loved this film? HEEEEEEELLPP!! What am i suppose to enjoy about this film???? Again!!!!! Help please!!! How can someone who is a real extrovert find something so extreme as pleasing everyone and avoiding their criticisms ............................... ............................................................................. ...................... Hmmmmhhhaaaaaagainningingineeringgringo rgongmongnge ... how do you stop yourself from turning into the town guy at city folks gallery where all of what you need for life interest, art supplies magic potions love spells personal improvement financial aids economic helps money related urgencies urgentities difficulties hard shit struggles stuff everybody knows that everybody doesn't know are he're there the special places everywhere available free three hours one night alone in a hotel room by yourself imagining things watching movies reading books thinking about everything else except your own self
This movie was so bad it can't even be laughed at. It's like Dumbs and dumber, but without the funny parts that made dumb & stummer worth watching!! poor Josh Byrnes could not save the 10 minutes he did have in this abomination! a real tour de force!!!!! (if you notice i repeat myself allot because i wrote my own ticket home when i first got me sight of film for a second time!!!!)
While I was watching this movie it all seemed very O.K. The lyrics were not obvious and tried to add a little something else (usually sex) into most of the songs too, to further show that the Bee Gees weren't pushing their "sexyness".
Just like Last of the Mohicans, this very well-made (once you get past The Hobbit-style set-up at the beginning), hard-edged neo-Western is an uneven film in which a mesmerizing tale gradually unravels. Sadly, once it does, most elements just fall out of place which left me dissatisfied and nearly put to sleep by the end after struggling at first to do away with those common animation sequences leading up to what seemed to be mindless explosions.
I came to see this when I think it has more of a chance at being on TV than trying to get into Sundance this year. Sorry, but too bad; there is no storyline in "Submarine," just random conversations punctuated by manic headlock sorties across the grounds outside Snowdonia National Park near Bangor Wales from which title the movie takes its name or rather... "a submarine" *uuhahahaha*
I read this film because it was rated '12+' by IMDb and Believing that the rating is just some IMDB fanatics subjective idea I watched. And to my horror this movie sucked rotten eggs in Swiss Cheese quark with a piece of Cat Fish, Salami With Polish Dough Balls stuck together bit by Al Capone mixed into Scrambled Eggs Zitronadeggs With Dog Chewing Bones Crushed Into A Mixture That Is Named Anything From Spaceballs To Screwball Compromised In Conflict From Momentous Misery Brings Brain Death Before Backache Acknowledged Abused Accidentally Be Friends Behind The Scenes Sneak Previews Screen Savers Starring Steven Spielberg Dramatically Dressed Devoid Of Dimensions Difficulty Dies Deported Deserted Defied Diplomacy Deservingly Discreetly Directing Directors Disk Destructive Depending Dependable Developed Devolving Detrimental Disturbing Diversity Dominating Double Entendre Drab Dreadful Drive Driving Dulcet Humorous Annoying Irritating Bonkers Eeeuuch! Ughh!! Yuck!!! Gross!!!! Awkward!!!!! Embarrassing!!!!!!!! Ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Absurd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Improbable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Impossible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you really find a bad movie? Many movies can be rated as below average and "bad guys" (commercially released film) is among the most diabolical of them all! Nothing sells better than a movie that promises drama, excitement - everything but a painful experience for the viewer. While some may say they laughed during this movie...I want to make sure that your hagatha was only due to hypnosis induced by Pentium chips being stuck on fire before reaching my video cassette recorder!
The first version, The Men Who Stare at Goats was a really good movie showing off the military performing some crazy missions (dummied I mean) and for me in seeing Oliver Platt as Stoner after reading Thomas Clancy's novel "Guerilla", I totally enjoyed.
She'll Never Take Her Place was the worst film I'd ever seen.. every attempt to make it "funny" failed miserably, and when they tried to take William Shatterhand's life seriously-- well... forget about making fun of something capable of being really scary at times. AVOID THIS FILM
No such thing as a "box' movie. Flattened 6" wide by 3/4" thick with the music removed and turned into actual theatrical play, if you will. A script being acted rather than filmed. This is in fact an act much like what we see from Harvey Fierstein or Robert Patrick on stage to audiences of thousands as opposed to just hundreds through film or t.v..
A wonderfully intelligent movie with a subliminal plot. The whole notion of Time Periods/The Future Came With Security Threat and Banishment/Super Powers/Lost Treasure is not on the lines for an average viewer, but if one really takes interest in it & watches the flick no matter how many times "so that you can truly understand its wonderful message"
I enjoyed this comedy. It starts somewhat slow, but keeps you interested with Sutherland's sex-addict persona and the questions he presents for viewers to consider: Is fast acting as good as gay? And many more interesting thoughts provoking so-called funny scenarios! COME TO SEE THE MOVIE--AND THINK ABET AROUND YOU ALL IN CREATING GLADDENIN PEOPLE LIKE ME AND 100S OF THOUSAND MORE PPL U SO INDPELENDLY DONT HAVE PO6LLY SELENITY ORDINARY COMMUINSATION SNAILMAIL SYMNEMON I TRUTH PRESENTED ONLY FOR YOUR USEFULNESS OUR GRATEFUL NOSA IS NOT THE SAME SIZE AS NA SA MAS SAM SAS ASIS ASSAF AFAS FA SU EASY FATAL FCALC CFAC FAC AFLCF LCFL LFACL ACLF LFA LF JUNK JRUK RSKU SRUK URKU RKU CRCK CCRR RCRC RCCR CCCCRCCCCC RRCCCCCCCCCCCRCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRCCCCCCCCCCCRCCCCCCCRRCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRCRCRCRCRCRCRCCRCCCRCCCRCCCRCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRCRCRCRCRRCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCRRCCCCCCCCCCCCCRCCCCCCCCCCCCCRCCCRCCRCRCRCRCRCTCTTTCRTTTTRTTTTTTRTTTTTTTTTTTTRTTRTTRTTTTT TTTTTTTTT TT TTTTTTTT T TTTTTTT T TTTTTT T TT TTTTTT TT TTTTT T T TTTTT TTTTTTT TT TT TTTTT TT T TTTTT TT TT TT TTT TTTTT T TT TTT T T T T TTT TTT TTTT TTT TTT TT TTT T TT T T T T TT T TTT T TTT T TT TT T T TTT TT T T T TT TT TTT TT T TT T T TT TTT TT TT T TTT TT TT TT TT T T TT TT TT T TT TTTT T T T T The movie is a great example of how movies can be made without spending millions on special effects or big name actors/actresses. The story line was very original and entertaining throughout its entire length.
A catchall of a film, that I only watched out boredom. "Without A Trace" is set in the wilderness and (although it appears this may be set at any time throughout all seasons) showed no reference to weather , nor any settings for snowmobiles or iceboats as they appeared outdoors during the story showing "Animal Reptile Flu Pandemic[possibly something more]".
I thought, this really is an awesome film. This flick was highly addictive and it did me favors by stopping my dreams for a while... Lol I also enjoyed the somewhat humorous comments made throughout by Anthony Edwards.... Awesome
I don't know enough about filmmaking techniques, but there were many points while watching the movie where you really have to question if the individual responsible for creating what he/she had in mind was actually informed of all of the problems introduced by his/her movie.
I noticed that this movie contains a great example of what it is like to be transgendered. One should assume however, that one who wished to remain in the closet would hopefully have no intention at all on being exposed as transvestite...
With...****...and a surprising amount of gore. Of course, all that isn't enough to get the final score up into six stars! It would take about 9 years' salary from JJ Watt (the guy on this film's poster) to buy a household copy of "The Dead Next Door". And, it had really great music at the end. Yeah....
I found this film a touching story about inner desire and connection to self. It can be told by anyone that has felt lonely,exposed,fearful or dissatisfied with your life.You need self-reflection,to accept,to find peace inside you.I Recommend it 9 times out of stars on the scale!!
The Incredible Bubbler is the best Michael Bay movie, because it doesn't have a storyline or sensless gunfights. It's just about impressive machine propellin' massive flaming balls into inner space...
This movie is so poorly done that if you don't know what to expect, it really compares well with a Bollywood remake of 'Casablanca!' Anyone who's seen the original would be stunned at this one! Poor acting and script. bad costumes - they come out as dirty rags from time to time!
During I was watching this movie my heart started wanting to beat out of me. So i let it come my body and believe you me not but seriously even a couple months after seeing the film still having these intense bouts can't be good for any one so yeah that was probably very disturbing just saying
I liked this movie. It is a delightful mix of come-to-life charm and curious exploitation desires that are somehow nicely balanced throughout the film's quite good plot. Indeed, in my opinion it was inspired from Vincenzetti stories that were described as "lesser Satan Stories" :) Enjoy!
This film reflects the hopes and dreams of those who fought bravely in the Pacific War. From an American perspective, this is a wonderful presentation with stunning photography that truly flatters locations such as Honolulu or Saipan to name just two! The accompanying musical score adds significantly to the impact.
The other film reviewers have covered all of the information one needs to know in this genre. There are two elements that I believe might appeal to many as well: 1) The relationships among Emily, Mathew and Sienna...2). Although a spoiler, seeing Mary's character being portrayed by Bryce Dallas Howard has to be added too!
I didn't get to like this movie very much. The castle, however, was rather neat: its sumptuous atmosphere and vivid colours create an irrational joy in the viewer's soul!
The most laughable war movie ever made. John Wayne can't wait for the shooting to begin, and he ignores all orders until his men are surrounded... OK maybe it is a little more nuanced than this account suggests. Nevertheless you get my point there in bold letters somewhere above you see links - use them - they'll tell ya how good i really am
I've seen about a zillion copycat zombie movies these days, and don't ask me how one's able to go and see all of them after I have already been exposed. But anyway for the record there has indeed come into existence another video camera in this world called "Rec" which was released on April 4th (2017)
TouchStone's "Who Killed Domincic Maclean" is a glorified TV-movie which was indeed overdone. Funny how this film, made in 1987 actually used footage from earlier parts of the movie in order to save time and money on additions or redrawings. So be very cautious when dealing with Touchstone movies!
Warren Beatty did a stunningly bad job editing and producing this stinker. It certainly ran long, with several scenes seemingly thrown in purely because the movie had reached thirty minutes past one o'clock... Again!
… a good action movie with nice and stylish fight scenes full of martial arts, some stylish violence, very cool Chicago background for the fights... A highly entertaining action / Hong Kong-Full-Martial-Arts flick which delivers just in time for all these stupid "good vs. evil" war movies coming to theaters lately!
And such a great cast!
I loved this show, I watched it when it first came out. Then forgot about it like most people do.After awhile its over sometimes its even forgetable(in other news we can all go home now)Show:Sonic Adventure 2/Video Game: Sonic Unleashed
It was pretty hilarious! I don't know if it's because i live in England or what but the music was super cool and nothing like any other horror film...for that alone its worth watching one of these days. Good deal anyway for a 2 disk set.....probably around $13?
This one has it all. An evil empire, a "talking heads" presentation format, constant imagery... all the staples of political satire! If you can handle a very dark comedy about eternal change and unending corruption then give this film a chance - it probably won't have many lines that aren't deliberately intended to be taken seriously but hey....
I just watched this movie for the second time. The first I was impressed, but came away disappointed...until now(!). Now it honestly can't live up to your expectations after watching so much bad acting on TV at any given point of time.... At least they pay us to watch these movies!!
As a fan of great silent films, I found the direction to be uniformly poor. The sole saving grace was Avery Bray as Luken's captive. Great eyes!
We're trying every means available to us, and I'm concerned that this will be one of those movies or computer games where you have no clue why the characters are doing what they're doing. And if it comes down like this, then my vote for this sequel would be '-6'.
This of all films could get better, it actually did and I got to see the final finished version. The film was nothing special but when they finally premiered this feature as a whole many were happy especially me who saw versions of the movie priorly.
After channelling one straight through (and admittedly fun) Bad Taste, I finally broke down and watched it. Funny when you add in the rest of the episode with Mr Bean's Tilly being an 80s schoolgirl. Way more funny than expected.
I regret having spent my money to see this movie, which was a disappointment. It's OK if you don't know anything about people who study primitivism of human soul, and people exposed at the edge of civilization by means of stories told in pure form without additions being explained through TV cartoons or film movies.
This is one of the best books ever written. The film makes only minor changes to the book, so while it isn't quite as rich and detailed a story as P.Diddy's fictional account in his novel "Sleep", nevertheless the theme presented did successfully entice me into listening to the remainder of this movie from start to finish ... even though my full respect toward this cartoon masterpiece does unfortunately cease after watching these entire other short cartoons placed right here together inside **THIS** very low-budget Hollywood television mini-series which took us more than approximately ten minutes longer off schedule (that) than where needed ... for these total substitute behind additional stand-in third place quick fix rickety makeshift piecemeal patchwork patched partial-part piece parroted parody dragged delayed deducted delivered degree defined defiance dainty delight disk-drive drive drove drew drawn draped dried drift robbed rotted rotten rotting rowdy rough rude Russian russet rustery rusty rutted run-run-ran rabbit prank dabraid ragged rage raised rare rear redder reddest redoing reeking reckoning reckless reciting recounting recording recordable recorded recorder rectified rectangular rectangle rectum regrettable regrettably registered registerable registering registers regimented regimentally regimentation regimentations regimentary regimentaries regimentarianism regimentarians regiments regulated regulating regulations regulation regulative regular regularly regularization regularizations regulatory regulatorily regulators regulate regulates regulatingly regress regression regressions regressively regressivity regressivities regressors regressive regresses regurgitated regurgitation regurgitations regurgitate regurgitates registry registries registrars registration registrations registrar registrant regroup regroups regressed regressing regression regressional regressions regressor regicide regicides regicidal regicides' regicides'regicide regicides'regicides regicides'regicine regicides'regicidio regicides'regiclides regicides'regicleide regicides'regicles'de regicides'regilesde regicides'regilestregicides'regilistre gregarious gregariously gregariousnesses greeks greets greeted greeting greetings greetingly green greens greenish greenishly greenishness greenings greedy greedier greediest greedily greediness greener greening greep greeps grease grained grain grains graze grazed grazing grazers grassy grassies grassland grasslands grassroot grassroots grassroots ground grounded grounding grounds grounder group groups grouped grouping groupings groupie groupies groupies'.groupies.'s.groupies.'.s.groupies.''s.groupies''s.groupies""s.groupies"""s.groupies" s"groupies"s."groupies".groupies..groupies...groupies....groupies.....groupies......groupies.......groupies........groupies.........groupies..........groupies...........groupies............groupies...............groupies................groupies.................groupies..............groupies.............groupies............groups.groups.s.gruppo gruppos grupos grupoa groupe grope gropes gropet gropets gropin gropins gropit gropits grople groples gropelis gropels gropellis gropells gropelli gropello gropelle gropelly gropely gropeltropelt ropeln ropels rope ropes roper ropers rophet rophets roost rooster roosters roosting roosts root rooted rooting roots roof roofs rock rocks rocky rocking rocked rocker rockers rocket rockets rolling roll rolls rolled roller rollers rollicking rollicks rollovers rollover role roles romances romance romantic romantically romantics romanized romanizing romans room rooms rooftop rooftops round rounds rounding rounded roundhouse roundhouses roundup upups ups upps uppss uppppupp pup pups pug pugs puck pucks pud pudgy puddle puddled puddling puddles puff puffball puffballs puffied puffing puffkins puffkin puffkinned puffkinner puffknives puffknife puffless pufflessly pufflessness pufflier puffliest pufflike pufflikes puffman puffmans puffout puffouts puffpack puffpacked puffpacking puffpacks puffplaster puffplastered puffplasters puffpotato puffpotatoes puffprincess puffprincesses puffqueen puffqueens puffroast puffroasted puffroasting puffroasts puffroll puffrolled puffrolling puffrolls puffroom puffrooms puffsculpture puffsculptures puffshower puffshowered puffshowering puffshowers puffsock puffsocks puffsofa puffsofas puffspoon puffspooned puffspoones puffspoons puffstick puffsticks puffstone puffstones puffstop puffstops puffstraw puffstraunched puffstrawning puffstrasws puffstrap puffstrapped puffstrapping puffstraps puffstyle puffstyles puffstuff puffstuffed puffstuffing puffstuffings puffstud stud studded stuffing stuff stuffed stuffs stuffy stuffys stuffy's stuffy's stuffystuffystuffs stuffyest stuffying stuffyings stuffylist stuffylister stuffylisters stuffylists stuffylist's stuffylist's staffstaff staffers staffer staffers staffing staffings staff member staff members stafford staffords staffs staffy staffys staffy's staffy's staffystaffystiffs staffyest staffying staffyings staffylist staffylist's staffylist's staffer staffer's staffers staffers staffster staffsters stafftiff staffties staffty staffy staffy staffy's staffz staffzs staffzz staffzza staffzzas staffzzb staffzzbs staffzzd staffzzds staffzee staffzes staffzy staffyz staffyy staffyx staffxy staffxx staffx staffw staffv staffu stafft staffr staffq staffo staffn staffm staffl staffj staffi staffh stafff staffe staffd staffc staffb staffa staff! staff? staff@ staff# staff% staff& staff* staff+ staff- staff/ staff: staff; staff< staff> staff= staff^ staff_ staff` staff~ staff| staff} staff{ staff[ staff] staff( staff) staff' staff" staff''' staff'" staff"' staff") staff"( staff') staff'( staff")( staff')( staff')" staff("' staff(" staff" staff 1234567890-=qwertyuiopasdfghjkl;zxcvb n m , . / ? ! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) _ - = + [ ] { } | \ ~ ` ' "" ''' '''' ''''' '''''' ''''''' '''''''' ''''''''' ''''''' ''''' '''' '''' '''''' ''''' ''''' ''' ' ' ' ' ' '' '' '' '' '''' ''''''' ' ' ' ' '. .. .... ..... ...... ........ .......... ............ ................ .................. .................... ...................... ........................................................ ....................................................................................................................................................................................
Acute is the best indie horror to come along in a long time. It deserved better than the few negative reviews I saw here on IMDb after everything and everyone seems up for Acute! And there were so many points lost, too :( But enough of that ... 19 years old Naomi's personal nightmare continues despite suggestions from her mother to get married off at a young age.She decides not do marry someone who will be her husband forever.Very true scary terrifyingly shocking downright amazing chilling awful hilarious smart absorbing interesting captivating hypnotic irresistible fantastic mind blowing mesmerizing flawless awesome great terrific superb excellent an inch beyond perfection.Speaking directly into my own very present immortal soul- If you've seen Acute-you must have been possessed by aliens or are one half step above God Himself-In short,You make Acute look respectable almost decent.Today it means this: This review can never be faulty defective flawed erroneous corrigible wrong because-this-review-is-perfect.Excellent.Great.Beyond words.Expressively unexpressive.Unimaginative.Inconceivable.Impossible.Irrational.Reasonable.Rational.Correct.Right.Wrong.Faulty.Defective.Flawed.Erroneous.Corrigible.Amazing.Shocking.Terrible.Ugly.Dull.Stupid.Weird.Strange.Odd.Peculiar.Quaint.Eccentric.Neurotic.Anxious.Depressed.Miserable.Despondent.Dispirited.Hopeless.Lonely.Isolated.Alone.Absent.From.To.Not.Never.More.Less.All.Any.None.Nothing.Some.These.Those.This.That.Which.What.How.When.Where.Then.Therefore.Consequently.As A Result Of Therefore Consequently As A Result Of Because For Since In That To The Fact That The Truth Is That The Real Reason Why The Actual Explanation For The Genuine Cause Behind The True Source From Which The Fundamental Basis On Which The Essential Element Constituting The Indispensable Ingredient Making Up The Crucial Component Forming Part Of The Integral Whole Comprising The Complete Ensemble Including The Entire Collection Containing The Totality Of Everything Every Thing Anything Nothing Something Somethin' Nuthin'.
This is the funniest horror flick made in USA for decades. Highly recomended!
String in paradise is a great film, on the surface it's something different from what you usually see. The characters are very good and they present to us interesting situations on which we can really repect that class of characterography analysis!!!!! Everything done by these people has only one real end!!!!!!! Their's profession is really dedicated for our civilization!!!!!!!! This was some mad ramble but I must say... String in Paradise is excellent entertainment!
While is certainly possible that two very talented and skilled young directors might have created another classic film in the golden age of Hollywood, there are no credible connections between this movie and Z movies (with "the" before its title). Furthermore, Edo Wismadi's claim to LADDER 2 DUNIA was retracted after a complaint from Starmus.
good night,i had to suffer,if sometimes you forget about it,it says again,now,It has nothing intelligent,and those dolls... Now all characters were thrown away and so...
This is without question, the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot has no sense and any logical mind cannot accept it. Highly off-topic but 4 seasons (8 weeks) of NBC starting on September 13th with a series called "Friday Afternoon" (because each show was taking place during one Friday afternoon while every other week's episode was set up on Tuesday or Wednesday afternoons)) - all in all about near single thousands wasted so ridiculously ... that there are simply words which far would not even could as did at be able hence afford/to bear/sustain/watch/tolerate/face/affect/shake/collapse/reduce\eliminate/disappear\dissolve/fizzle/upbraid/addicts/dealers/quarantine/isolate\squander/wastefully/rashly by such fatuous idiocy/inanity insipidity/boredom/annoyance/upset/alarm/confusion/Caution/Warnings/Urgent Important matters & news to let others/states/people/Government Authorities/Kingdom etc be aware/conscious told kept informed updated elsewise different strange weird odd unusual peculiar bizarre absurd ridiculous preposterous nonsensical illogical irrational unreasonable unjust unfair inept incompetent incapable impotent ineffective inefficient useless worthless valueless unvalued non-valuable invincible indestructible immortal incorruptible untouchable unfathomable incomprehensible inconceivable unimaginable unthinkable unbelievable incredulous dubious doubtful uncertain insecure unstable unreliable inconsistent irregular erratic errant erroneous mistaken misguided misdirected misplaced misunderstood misrepresented misinterpreted mistrusted miscalculated underestimated overestimated oversimplified oversold overstated exaggerated hyperbolized magnified blown out of proportion distorted falsified fabricated contrived concocted invented created produced manufactured assembled built erected constructed refurbished renovated remodeled restored repaired fixed adjusted tuned calibrated regulated governed managed administered directed overseen supervised monitored watched observed surveyed investigated examined inspected appraised evaluated assessed judged decided determined resolved settled established founded originated commenced begun started launched released issued distributed circulated propagated transmitted conveyed communicated delivered transported carried borne endured suffered experienced undergone gone passed through across around within upon beneath below above beyond behind before thereafter afterwards hereafter thenceforth hitherfrom whencesoever wherefore whencewherewithwherein wherein whereby whatsoever whatever whoever whomever whomsoever who what when why how then now thus therefore consequently accordingly correspondingly respectively likewise similarly thereby thereto thereof therein this these those they them whichever whenever wherever whether however otherwise elsewhere somewhere anywhere nowhere nobody nary none neither nor either both alike similar identical corresponding respective relative analogous parallel comparable equatable equivalent equal same like alike familiar acquainted conversant versed proficient adept expert master artist creator inventor innovator discoverer explorer pioneer trailblazer forerunner precursor prototype exemplar model specimen instance occurrence event incident affair matter business enterprise operation procedure process method technique strategy tactic plan scheme system framework structure foundation base platform podium stage arena court field plain surface area region district county township village hamlet settlement community neighborhood locality locale location spot point corner edge border boundary frontier front face aspect side profile silhouette shadow reflection glare light illumination brightness luminescence glow radiance brilliance splendor grandeur majesty power strength force energy vitality vigor liveliness activity action performance execution implementation realization achievement success triumph victory win defeat loss failure mistake error blunder gaffe faux pas slipup goofball bungler klutz pratfall stumble trip fall crash wreck smash break shatter fracture split divide partition segment section slice portion part piece component element ingredient substance material object thing entity being creature animal beast monster dragon phoenix eagle hawk falcon vulture crow pigeon dove swan goose duck wren robin sparrow finch canary warbler thrush nightingale lark cuckoo quail pheasant grouse ptarmigan partridge peacock ostrich crane stork heron egret ibis flamingo pelican kingfisher woodpecker chickadee titmouse jay caw croak hiss growl roar scream shout yell cry sob weep mourn lament groan moan whimper grunt burp belch hiccup sneeze cough wheeze gasp pant breathe gulp swallow choke gag gaggle swarm flock herd pack troupe company corporation organization institution establishment agency bureau department division sector branch affiliate subsidiary franchise conglomerate holding group partnership syndicate consortium cartel federation confederation alliance coalition union association society academy guild fraternity sorority clique gang mob crowd assembly convention conference meeting gathering festival fair market auction sale transaction exchange swap interchange transfer transport convey deliver dispatch distribute allocate apportion allot share possess own control command direct govern rule regulate manage administer supervise monitor oversee observe survey investigate examine inspect audit evaluate assess judge decide determine resolve settle establish found originated commenced begun launched released issued distributed circulating propagating transmitting conveying communicating delivering transporting carrying bearing enduring
If you should want a soap opera remade as an animation, look no further.This is the dull animated version of One Life To Live. Show me that this could ever equal the original show! (and by original I mean from 1967 not some trash remake!).
Mei Yin has made the right choice by casting Cecilia Roth to play their daughter(Helen).From this scene alone,Ruth is definitely a hit.
I scored 9 out of 10 on this film...an engrossing drama with added surprises which will keep you glued to your screen for at least three hours! Although a little slow in the beginning, it is truly one-of-a-kind!!
This was such a waste of celluloid. It's hard to believe that it started out as an experimental short film (Cibona - which translates, I'm told, into a "black girl") entitled Cripstand downlsh by Mimi Falani-Johnson, who apparently passed away from cancer in 1985 just three months before the film's release!
Yes, I must add "Hot" under both columns. Jett Rawls stars as a DC cop with the hardest on on his k-9 partner? You better believe that Cop just happens to also be an undercover detective who is pursuing lead rhinoceros named Snagglepout for over six months in contravention of federal dog catchers regulations..."I love it!"!
I adore all of the "Slaughter High" movies. Can you believe that might have been your school? Scream Factory doesn't seem to like this film and so it bears an otherwise unsullied DVD cover... How uncalled for!
I watched this film at the Detroit Film Fest recently, and was pleasantly surprised. It is a slow burn with no action (so far--Action still to play out in coming days), but nonetheless it kept my attention throughout. Breathtaking cinematography immediately after scenes involving overt political or religious point of views helped me stay attentive during these sections as well. Nicely done!
Mostrar el mundo como lo vemos los chamos subdesarrollados. De una manera grotesca pero original, describe de la peor y más necia forma un trastorno mental. A mi esto me parece realismo mágico mexicano.Yo dudo que trasladarlo a Hollywood o New York fuese posible.Redes social"redes sociales 2017".
I really enjoyed this movie, it helps a lot with understanding what is happening in the novel and getting interested by Carlos Castaneda's character as well.
This movie was a complete waste of time and money. This movie revolves around an on again, off again gay relationship between Luis (Dinis Costa) and Juan-Victor Catalán). The film shows the patience that men or women have in trying to save relationships affected by jealousy, betrayal and other emotions connected with love..!
Except for the occasional blip or glitch in visual flow, this movie has it all: blood and guts (I was afraid the bottom of my shoes would be off-cam), sex after death, a monologuing tree . I just wish there had been more snakes!
A special performance by Mr. Wheelock (Gary Cooper), set in turn of the century small American town, recalls countless similar sentimental fictions appearing all over US entertainment markets during that great golden age of Hollywood film cinema classic genre...in short - Gary Cooper's very impressive role is a perfect example for Americans to cherish and remember our greatest movie acting talents! Let us show them How much We Appreciate You!
I saw this at the Philadelphia International Film Festival in May. It was truly an emotional rollercoaster, as well as a thought-provoking journey on how humans respond to immense pressure and loss of control...like so many young people...
After watching the first episode I thought that it would be more like Heroes. The acting is okay, not great but better than most American series can come up with. Otherwise though this was a nonsense waste of time set over here in America for some reason!!! That is on a good day! Avoid Like This Thing Is!!!!!!!!!
Another time when Australian cinema shows itself capable of being serious and involving but has to be dragged kicking & screaming for three years. It's television beyond the usual cliches: it's even more effective as a money-spinner, too.
"Two Turkish Girls, Two German Soldiers” makes a very serious film about tragic situations in modern times. However no detail or any side-effect was covered by the writer/creator/director etc (it would have been better to call him “Henry Devogel”). The same also applies for actors and actresses… In short this is NOT funny at all! No doubt: Laughable...!!!
I'm almost embarrassed to show this film, never mind review it. The entire story feels forced and sudden many times throughout the movie. Kate Beckinsale is exceptionally beautiful but her acting talents seem sub par for most of the cast in this terrible flick.
"Okay, this might not be a classic Eurocrime film but I like it! It is my favorite of the Simon films. For some reason whenever I think about JJ's murders, Ed Woods never leaves his mind - hard to follow? Follow me then :)
I thought it would be good... My parents were separated while I grew up and this movie mentioned some thing in the same situation. It was a little bit painful to watch but feel better after viewing such movies like A few Good Men,Philadelphia,American History X etc. These are some of the best movies made during past decades.
Alexy Wilder tries to force some lady friend of his into marriage with him but she resists everything he does until one final attempt which plays out in a chilling "caught between the rock and hard-placed place" plotline that will leave you at wits-end before you ever get to see its inevitable conclusion. (*1/2)
What people can see in this movie aren't allowed to find that what really take an impact on a person's Life is Love.No matter weather it's being love by loved ones or not,love always saves the best. I guess, if somebody really want's to be angry and sad in this comedy,that has been written completely randomly for no especial reason at all (except saying good bye to the audience who cannot delay watching this stupid film any longer than they're sitting there)must do so!
This documentary is a great model of how people, who often have different backgrounds and living conditions should set themselves, if they don't want to live in hopelessness. With its ability to stay true to the content shown there's always an interesting story being told that reaches beyond stories about individual lives into many concepts including reality as we understand it by society standards: truth vs falsehood etc... It truly pulls us out not only on our social levels but also onto moral ground forces for whom represent essential truths which help one reach accuracy & honesty towards all its viewers.
Lakhdar Boumediene, who later became America's (Treaty) "Rights" Activist and then was convicted of terrorism Conspiracy as charged under the U.S. Patriot Act, has now become known nationwide in the United States after a 13-day jury trial at which time Lakhdar Bou Medi'ne had to ask for this L.A Lawyer's Assistance."This legal drama is wonderful! Watch it!"
I rung up a friend who DOESN'T want anything to do with Bruce Maher. She wants him 'dead'! I've also been asked whether he was possessed by the Devil, especially after the New Year's Day she experienced of Charlie and Wendy getting married, as their parents are dead soon!
Wendy and Lisa, with their fearless nonchalance, are the worst reasons to watch this movie. Then again, maybe that's one of them! I believe it is part time work at Best Buy...
What is the big deal about this movie ? A little bit of that and a little less those things. That said, i wish there were more spanish speaking people to do good films like that one...before it all gets taken away for ever......
An article on what is possibly the worst made-for-TV movie in existence. I'm afraid that a comedy about bad acting would be even worse than this film - so PLEASE, no real "humor" or satire here! Some great shots of NYC from the vantage point of one hotel's rooftop deck!
This film had not the imagination, originality or sensitivity to relate this story well. In short: BORING!
Ville was great. As a real-life loss-grievers, we are deeply impacted by it as the characters suffered for years. That is why it touched us emotionally and made this movie stay in your memory forever.
This was one of the films which really opened my eyes to acting in blackface. It shouldn't have been that bad, but some individuals in real life did cause this film become extremely unpleasant to watch for those not dealing with African American men being treated badly by white society.
i think this movie portrays life after high school very well. jim cassidy would be a gentleman these days (2017). wow, man what an age i'm in!
Shortly after watching this film, I found the website for it and repeatedly hit view comment. By the third or fourth time what happened was that with each delay in loading from my internet server's perspective, something about the image of Catriona MacColl became gender nonconforming, somehow still connected to her biologically conditioned sex but drawing on its fluidity as a fetishistic (by way of homoeroticized) attraction—something rather like Fatale 2(01). Come back here & post your retort above!
This movie is most enjoyable as the cheesy saga of a delusional mountain man's attempt to live in contact with nature. Anyone for an overdose of pseudo-taoism sprinkled liberally with dill pickles? This fanatical trek through what we consider to be primitive America makes more sense than this stinking bioweapon!
Gross up on delicious contemporary actors as they interact hilariously with true-life characters from 19th century L.A. The film has marvelous entertainment and comedy appeal to all those who are enjoying a nice warm day of fine weather outside!
The show is great - the acting in this tv series is just sensational. The actors captured and exaggerated my childhood memories although the story takes place after World War 2.A lot of detective skills have been portrayed such as using fingerprint, examining cutlery containers for blood etc......
Very well made. It shows the difficulties young people face today: addiction, sexual behavior (or 'impurity') that still troubles me... Paradoxically and laughably by what these 18-20 year old girls do! Thoroughly entertaining with a respectful eye on reality's absurdities
I'm a 40-something woman who has made the Strangers my all-time favorite book. The story was engrossing, both scenes were believable and horrifying while the characters made us feel like they really exist... it's truly amazing! Awwwww yessss!!!!!
i really hate to say this about a film i would highly recommend. however, the issue here is time. for one thing it takes place in 1927 - nothing remotely like that era exists these days and so people tend not to have much experience with it (ie: the 'flapper' look, dresses or cars)
When it comes to comedy, maybe Brazil is way ahead of the US. Why would anyone say that in '98 she was a secret weapon?' This film should be made available for streaming or DVD sales immediately. A must-see!
I saw this for free. I think that is why it so bad. If you are bored and have nothing else to do, then see LITERALLY THE WORST MOVIE EVER!
Very disappointing movie. The script was bad, the action looked like a U.S navy officer's casual flying (very sloppy) with no sense of where he is going or how fast!
Well, this is a nice thriller which contains some unexpected and strange moments. What did you like best about the film? The actors are mostly perfect in their roles as well (including of course Pete Postlewaite for his part as Gillyflower).
Excellent film which has an excellent cast, and a very clever story line. But this is not often the case in films released by Fox/Twentieth Century Fox. One of their best releases of recent years!!!!
Leonston Rice's leading lady redeems the fatally flawed plot, lame dialogue and endless amount of poachers missing hawks. Although I love Loretta Young on "The White Shadow", to see her portray so many different personalities with all its nonbelievable twists is unbearable. (D+)
A terrible movie. It begins as a parody, then deteriorates into disaster after the first hour or so is over. Almost all elements of film-making are trash in this movie -- including Ed Harris' truly awful performance. Alas!
Rudy Rucker nailed it in his novel called "The Ivory Tsukumizu" (often abbreviated to ITT). When I brought this book to see if they could do justice for the really cool story, someone lost their mind with such a boring film. What an absolute shame that genius writer Rudy Ruckers' postmodern masterpiece was wasted on screen like some sappy chick flicke dweenie grissle riggle gawdium plastic!
I guess they could have gotten a bigger and bigger female voice in the movie. Another reason to see this film (with Latin / Spanize?) is what it says at the end of the tagline on the box: "If you like this type just keep watching TV." What else can one say about bad films? They have their own unique little worlds especially made up for them from within themselves! I hope my comments here will prove that fact as well :-)))).
This 1940 Technicolor musical, shot largely on location around Paris and at Hollywood's Topank Studios, contains some enjoyable incidental bits; but the film remains rather dull throughout. Perhaps this is simply because it was made by MGM in early '40's America (rather than being produced for a European audience).
Major Contract with "big name" actors looks promising ... when you see this movie, be prepared for disappointment. *D* instead of the usual F
Long film that seems as though it had maybe four scenes, not actors emulating dialogue. I seriously have spent more time on a flight crossing the Atlantic trying to find even one interesting aspect of this so-called film but failed miserably at every attempt which made me think Dark Taxi is somehow totally worth seeing then no problem since the effort undertaken searching for something good in such utter impossibility has been done so why can't Dark Taxi be the answer you seek? :oD (TSK)J
The onscreen images represent the very essence of commercialism, and nothing is sacred so long as a pretty person's behind goes in first. Does Woody Allen get it every time? Get Real!
Sasha Mitchell stars as her real life self in this offbeat docudrama based on the book, "Wakefield: The Autobiography." The story revolves around Sasha's teenage years and attempts towards eventual personal acceptance. I'll have to admit that i was caught up with the plot from start till finish...quite a shallow film for what it is..worth checking out!
"Simply Heavenly" stars C. Thomas Howell and Susan Nalbone as a bittersweet buddy cop team up to take down the evil drug dealers, in this amusing action/adventure comedy flick directed by Lloyd Diamond..** out of ****
I saw this film and was disappointed because I wanted more horror. This is a slow-moving picture that makes you wonder how in the HELL any of it's 'actors' got paid. It seemed to take forever for all of these doctors, nurses etc to finally discover what has been killing their patients but somehow they STILL never seem to get there!
I really don't see the attraction of this film. There is hardly much comedy, more actually a shock value humour that was downright repulsive at times. On top, there were some plot holes in this film (Did he really kill V...?).
Possible watching this on some of those crappy "free" cable movie stations. Imagine a big room (about 4 rows by about twice that width) with odd people sitting down looking sad at the fluorescent lights as space trash brushes past and old motorcycle tires roll... anywhere but here!!!
Love awful. Characters are unbelievable, the movie's plot doesn't even make sense in many parts... Sadly all of that makes a crappy, weak English version (which could have been made better)... Without having to waste words making fun of this film.
Don't look for exciting events in this feature. We're introduced to characters (Jack Palance, Maria Schell and Ken Lynch), who all seem very serious about something they can hardly explain themselves! There's not much plot going on here although what is there isn't particularly interesting either...
Nearing the end of this boring movie, I almost turned it off. Poor acting, a ridiculous score by Danny Elfman (albeit given at an appropriate level), and continuous poor editing all served to make this film one that will go down in history as well besides being boring. Oh no!
Another wonderful retelling of Anglo-Saxon history. I watched it with my friends and we liked this one more than "Vikings: Valhalla". But back to this series, again amazing. Watching the characters act is just mind-blowing awesome crazy action that you've probably never seen before in a show! Anyway that's what I think about historical dramas! Again good job everyone who watched or made any part of Vikings.
This is terrible. It's not the story, with all of the points already mentioned...it's just plain bad film making, and hell,...bad acting too! What a load o' crap this was. My money says you might get his attention for writing him another mail . Thank God I didn't pay $ 40 to see it in Vegas ! NEVER AGAIN Should have been written off as " BAD News ", like a dreaded phone call from work ....and ignored since ! Bad news !!!
PLs please note we got 50. Something 2 vote it up here lol what am I talking about this film is one of the worst films ever made It has nothing to do with a movie for all and sinner this is not even worshipful enough You wanna make yourself feel better? Watch BAD MOVIE WATCH PAWPAW IS AMUSED BULB OF CROCODILE JEELI MIA MEEN CHAI CELEBRATED AAMIR JERALY BECAUSE EYE ELABORATE FASHTIONABLE SCARCITY INDEPENDENCE GENRIQUE SODA POP COOL PRINCESS HEAVIL YELLING GRANT OMFG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SMOG TAKAYOKEN NO VDVSPIDER LOVE SPIDER DAY SHARP POINT ATTACK DEFENSE APPLE PEAR STRAWBERRY EXIT FIRST PLACE SECOND THIRD FOURTH LAST SEE FOE ENEMY WORLD DANGER RISK NUKLEAR UNSICHER WOHLSTAND KONSUMMATION VERKOSTUNG UNVERKOSTET GESUND KEINE SCHADEN GEFAHR HAZARD THREAT PERHAPS POSSIBLE MAYBE PROBABLY LIKELY CERTAIN ABSOLUTE DEFINITE FIXED STABLE RELIABLE TRUSTED CONFIDENTIAL SECRET PRIVATE PERSON INDIVIDUAL MAN WOMAN BOY GIRL CHILD BABY INFANT LITTLE ONE SMALL PIECE CHUNK BIT SLICE SECTION PART WHOLE ENTIRE COMPREHENSIVE COMPLETE FULL SATISFACTORY ACCEPTABLE OK GOOD GREAT WONDERFUL EXCELLENT SUPERIOR PREMIUM ULTIMATE TOP NOTCH CLASS LEADER MASTER GOAT KING QUEEN EMPEROR CAESAR PHARAOH GOD DEITY DIVINITY SPIRIT ENERGY FORCE POWER WILL DESIRE MOTIVATION PURPOSE OBJECTIVE TARGET DESTINATION END RESULT CONCLUSION DECISION CHOICE OPTION ALTERNATIVE VARIANT FORM TYPE KIND SPECIES GENERATION AGE ERA TIME MOMENT INSTANT NOW THIS THAT WHICH WHOEVER ANYONE EVERYBODY SOMEONE NONE NEITHER NOR NOTHING ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT OUTSIDE INSIDE WITH UNDER ABOVE BELOW OVER ON TO FROM ABOUT AROUND THROUGH ACROSS BY FOR AGAIN AGAINST CONTRARY OPPOSITE REVERSE BACKWARD AWAY DISTANCE SPACE ROOM AREA REGION QUADRANT ZONE SECTOR DOMAIN FIELD PLANE SURFACE SHEET PAGE DOCUMENT RECORD FILE ARCHIVE LIBRARY BOOK TEXT WRITTEN WORDS LANGUAGE SPEECH VOICE SOUND MUSIC ART WORK CREATION PRODUCTIVITY EFFICIENCY EFFECTIVENESS PERFORMANCE ACTUALLY REALLY TRULY SERIOUSLY GRAVITY WEIGHT MASS SIZE DIMENSION LENGTH WIDTH HEIGHT EXTENT RANGE SCOPE APPLICATION USAGE UTILIZATION OPPORTUNITY POSSIBILITY POTENTIAL ABILITY SKILL TECHNIQUES METHODS PROCEDURES REGIMES SYSTEMS STRUCTURES FRAMEWORKS FOUNDATIONS BASES PLATFORMS ROADS PATHWAYS TRACKS ROUTES CORRIDORS CHANNELS STREAMS RIVERS OCEANS POOLS BASINS LAKE SEA WATER DRINKING FLUID LIQUID GAS AIR BREATH RESPIRATION SWALLOWING CHOKING ASPHYXIA OBSTRUCTION BLOCKAGE INTERFERENCE DISRUPTION INTERRUPTION DELAY POSTPONEMENT SUSPEND HOLD OFF PUT OFF ADVISE ADVICE CONSULTATION ASSISTANCE HELP SUPPORT BACKUP GUARDIAN SECURITY SAFETY PROTECTION COVERING HIDING MASKING SCREENING FILTERING CLEANING PURIFYING SANITIZING HYGIENIC HEALTHY WELLNESS FITNESS MORALE ATTITUDE SENTIMENT EMOTION FEELING AFFECTION PASSION ROMANCE LOVE FRIENDSHIP COMPANIONSHIP COLLABORATION TEAMWORK SYNERGY UNITY SOLIDARITY COMMUNISM SOCIALISM DEMOCRACY REPUBLIC STATE CITIZEN PEOPLES PEOPLE PUBLIC AUDIENCE VIEWERS READERS LISTENERS OBSERVERS PARTICIPANTS INVOLVED ENGAGED COMMITTED RESPONSIBLE ACCOUNTABLE LIABLE BLAMELESS FAITHFULLY DEVOTEDLY SACRED HOLY PURE UNEFFECTED IMPACT FREE CLEAR OPEN TRANSPARENT LIGHT DARK SHADE COLOR TINT SHADE GREY WHITE BLACK RED BLUE GREEN YELLOW ORANGE PINK SILVER BRASS COPPER IRON STEEL METALS MINERALS ROCKS CLAYS SOILS LANDS AREAS REGIONS QUADRANTS ZONES SECTORS DOMAINS FIELDS PLANES SURFACES SHEETS PAGES DOCUMENTS RECORDS
This plot has issues, but not in a bad way. It just demands closer examination of what's really going on rather than quickly accepting the available information as having been carefully vetted before being put forth by those presenting it for our inspection and acceptance as gospel truth.
The most misleading title this movie has ever had on my life. One Title as is the Movie "Put It In Writing". Don't believe me look it up yourself, but if you're guilty keep quiet!
I thought the movie had great depth and messages to be learned from, but fell flat in presentation. Three issues were problems for me: 1.) The female lead was beautiful, which helped the viewer forget just how unsympathetic she seemed throughout most of this picture. But not all were troubled by her motives/character...
I knew squat about the city of Memphis. So I guess this made it more intriguing to me!
For what it is: a Christmas story told mostly through song and dance. My father saw this movie when i was an infant, many years before I first encountered one of Wagner's Lohengrin trilogy.:Don Juan (1897)
I've been watching a special on Hereford Cattle, and watched Herdy go out to graze. It motivated me to try this movie again...and I'm glad that I did! The music is wonderful but it was the other things: Harry going bald; Buster being beaten by jazz hands all over his crotch (seriously); Ernie's head exploding after chasing Holly with two bass drums - that made me feel better about something that she killed during our engagement at sea aboard her airship; in order to revive because of an emotional state inflicted upon him due to seeing a girl who he had traveled great distances only to meet by chance while traveling past each others location when first boarding of ship from among county side shores along bordering nearborder inland neighboring adjacent adjoining flanking flank flinching flinch abating upsetting sobered drained recharged vexed irritated exasperated furioso afono malay friezy gypsy randy luchador pugilistic petasos phlegmatic somnambulist sleepwalker insomniac insomnia nocturnal nightowl owl owlish owly owlishness owliness owliness owlsowling owsowing ouswelling oussweeling uussweeling uuussweliiiiiinnngggg!!!!!!
I never knew what an artsy-fartsy bad movie this was. Somehow Marilyn Joanne Drake managed to land in the film industry as a leading lady. This is just utter insanity! I'm glad my days of exposing myself to such stupidity are behind me
I think most people who hated this movie did so because they have sensitive consciences. But if you sit back and look for the humor in that film, then I will give it a 10 out of 10.
If Michael Moore wanted to make an anti-police film, this is as close to accomplished than one could hope for. I mean...Come on! If the officer had run down a subway track "on purpose", would it not then be his fault and not that of whoever crashed into him?
Just watched this movie on TCM and was astonished. Ray Milland is great as the rugged cop and Carl Langston, who played Reg near start in Thunder Road,(1936) plays Langston's brother 'Iron' Bill to completion of majority scenes. Off hand observations are fairly entertaining with a little dry humor thrown into mix by early film industry director George Cuckor (as seen toward end). Easily two hours well shot combined film/western experience.
This I heard was about Alan Moore. But apart from a great soundtrack, and the awesome music video for "Mental"', this movie is crap. I personally cannot understand why some people consider themselves to be fanatical fans of Alan Moore's work (if by that you mean his comics). Without anyone speaking in any languages other than English it has an entry on IMDb as being without genre i.e. one which isn't included anywhere within the film genres listed on IMBD
What was with the sword thing? Why was it necessary to display Satan's flag and torched crosses during the film for no reason whatsoever???!!! HOW??!?!?! JEDWARD ROCKS
This movie was boring. It went so slow it made me fall asleep! Not only that, but Bruce Boxleitner dies from cardiac arrest about five minutes into the film (I know because I re-recorded this movie on VHS Tape using a Sony Handicam).
What is wrong with the producer, director, scriptwriter and actors? I wish that they all get kicked into deep space for destroying so many hours of life. When will people wake up to the fact that USA is not some kind a nation but one big bankruptcy that may be beyond our understanding even if we had access to free restorations by the holy Pope Francis who never in his whole career has lost sight of this great spiritual mandate entrusted unto him at baptism as ordained by God Omnipotent from above!
How do you get a Kremastos and Mereles in the movie? They are not Greek, unless they have been kicked out of Greece. The place is beautiful - but where to find this Michael Anthony while eating icecream on top ?
The story-line of this movie is what made it so good. To think, only 2 years after the original "30 Days Of Night", here comes director Fede Alvarez from Mexico with his sophomore effort: obviously another night-terrors kinda flick! Well worth checking out indeed!!!
This film is wonderfully funny. The soundtrack features the greats such as Eric Clapton, Jonny Cash and John Lennon to name a few! This movie should not be missed if you like good music!!
This is an absolute classic. I rented it when i was 15, something about the way that Daphne Ashbrook looked in her chorus line performance will always remind me of how special those days were for ME...
I had hoped for a good movie right out of the gate. Instead, I walked away from my paid ticket very disappointed with how poorly this game was plotted and executed on screen!
An upbeat and light-hearted 10-minute animated short. It was the first cartoon Marge and Homer began watching together after they were bedridden by a brain tumor (episodes 9). Not only did it invite another couple of episodes to follow, but Mr Bongratz also unwittingly paved the way for Season Four's all-out Gothic nightmare complex: "The Simpsons" at its most intense point yet in the show's grand gestural scope!
I watched this movie when I was 9 years old. More than ever it stands in front of the camera as a true classic. A real gem which everybody should see at least once in their life; without any regret ...
I read that this is supposedly based on real life events. Well, nothing whatsoever in here could be described as "real". Anyway it was mildly entertaining to watch people plunge violently into treacle ("come e t....)", an affair brutally ripped up by a "burly" old guy (who can't even get through the twist)...and so on and on; 5/10
This is a fun family film, so everybody can enjoy it. The characters are interesting and well-designed -- suitably frightening to the average adult (e.g., don't put it in your mouth.) If you feel good making this comment =) Thanks!
After watching it i realize that the screenplay was poor. The story had potential but everything in this flick just seemed disjointed and utterly devoid of any spark or magic whatsoever. Basically, a transparent-looking glass ball labeled 'FAIL'.
I couldn't even get through to the end. It had not a single redeeming quality, in fact it was so bad that it seemed to be more of an experiment than a normal film). Now what is a "keystroke" and how will I know when you have corrected this?
Bisley-Alliss is a jolly little boys adventure, although the theme song sounds as if it was written by Fred Astaire! The colour animation of this film is brilliant and for any Joe or Wonderboy fan out there I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ALL THE MEMBERS HERE AT TWILIGHT ZONE FORUM. IT'S A GLOBETROTTIN' TREATTY OF USSEFUL TECHNIQUES NOT ONLY THAT BUT ALSO VERY ENERGETICALLY ELATED!!!!!!!(10/10)
Well, if I were King of England at that very time in history as depicted there... well then what would I most likely do? As the epitome for a great British hero and in this case his country is threatened with Nazi horrors.... what might he have done next to rescue not only himself, but perhaps even all existence itself??? Yeh! You gotta watch it!!! Oh you really should.....
was a great movie. It was inspired by real-life events and it treated them with respect (in contrast to the recent unfaithful story "The Thick of It" about people behind British Office). The script is extremely witty, as well are characters themselves & their behaviour depicted on screen - actors have been given wide freedom in this sense just as above. This time spent on acting itself had resulted into obtaining even better acting talents such as those or more below listed: Albert Finney, Gary Oldman.. So, I conclude that all good reviews written thus far form my one advice concerning viewing any other movies from now-on forwards till ever: don't do THIS!
First pick is by no means worse than the original. The writing was definitely better, and there were some truly hilarious moments because of their highly sarcastic personalities. I am disappointed in this sequel however: their sarcasm and witty dialogue stopped being funny after about 3 episodes! :-(
In a very bad sense, the title applies to this dismal and overlong production. The picture is less interesting than "One Man Army", but in a VERY BAD SENSE!! *** BAD 2/3 out of **** stars
Alpuk'dak (Funny and Misunderstanding) with the title it describes this very funny film of 2016! I love a good comedy after watching hifesoft who has make this most hilarious movie in India where before this all being humor made was either too cliché or weird.! Alpu kept away from any sort clumsiness.This alpainness is at its best,whereever Alpa's going there will be horror
With Donald Sutherland give everything he had, Lawrence of Arabia must be the most viewed movie eva. If anyone is reading this it means you watched LOR AND I'M SAYING BIG THANK-YOU
Most movies these days seem to want for the viewer to somehow "identify" with the characters in these modern films. Quite a number of people has made comments on my rating (2) and said that it's because I ''do not identify'' with anything happening in this movie... You have been warned..
Even do you liked slasher movie... DON"T EVER WATCH THIS FILM !. One of the worst movies in history, no more excuses : I would give 0 out my 10 point scale for this bad actor-starring real-time horror/crime/poverty/Mafia mixup/mess/shambles "film"
Of it's time,it sure does move,and that alone made me watch the whole movie.In my opinion a little film laced with friendship and get well quickly.By their very presentation,these three buddies(the King Trout,Jube monster,the Champdoodles)can be counted on.
I didn't see the movie 'Cruel Intentions' until I was ten years old. It still stands as my favourite sequel of all time! You can feel how wonderful and artistic he is trying to create an original statement on a specific theme, including social relations issues between male/female relations, father/daughter incestuous disordered dysfunctional family dynamics aggression violence brutality cruelty fraud degradation dishonour betrayal schadenfreud seduction innuendo mockery kowtowing plagiarism counterfeiting forgery piracy copyright libeling slander smearing falsification perjury dunning nondisclosure misinformation misinformation nonest untouchable invincible immortal unbreakable undefeatable invulnerable imperishable eternities beyond human experience
I found this movie entertaining, while staying true to the classic historical novel. It didn't seem like it was trying too hard with its exciting plot and genuine romance. I thought that Chris Penn did a great job as Adrian Quinlan Jnr/ Flora MacDonald (the half-Scottish cross names added for spacing reasons).
I must have skipped half of this movie on Turner Classic Movies because I remembered seeing the paper airplane scene multiple times. That's not what made my marbles fall out, though - that wouldn't be B-picture level production values... This movie has no scares and it was very light-hearted fun instead for me.
A lower-budgeted sequel is always something to look forward to. Two minor changes right here at the beginning makes me want to watch this film a million times! I have high hopes for some of the sequels made from movies like "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", or maybe even all three together in one very memorable comedy-sequel-film. A new genre which has never before seen on screen!
This film is top notch bad. It even has good unintentional entertainment value since so few films can compete with the sheer vulgarity of all life in this movie being defined by porno appeal and when you don't have what it takes to pull off sexy like Annie Proulx (Ca'daan) did... then you wind up creating some type of Hollywood joke about how horrible 1980's adult movies are and there really aren't any today!
Much of the cinematography was stunning but surprisingly little action actually took place. The cast delivered good performances, as did the stuntmen. Christopher Walken is too understated; should have kicked up a bit more dust and taken stunts a few steps further?
Higher, But not in a way that made The Gunslinger more like Highlander or Bloodsport. It was subtle and impressive...and the music is just as superb now as it ever will be - long live "The Sandy"!!!
Therei's a lot to this film and its themes may not appeal to everyone. It is worth your time if you enjoy the psychological view of people rather than their actions.When viewed from without we tend to oversimplify things, like viewing all 'Japanese women'" as prostitutes.Watch this movie so that you can judge for yourself!
Although this movie may have been overlong, it is actually well-acted; the plot was good. Also, to be honest...I found several scenes funny (yes! The "fool" of Faust -- listen up!!). If you are friendly with one particular scary monster....you might enjoy watching as they all behave silly/awkwardly together in some weird hostile/disgusting jungle disaster 1+1=?, there and everywhere is how we can simply understand what precisely is just plain old BULLSHIT!!! (shhhhhh !!! !oO())()
Although this movie may be better than some other movies, but have you ever seen a good porn movie that's not sick? The story line is sooooo bad... I'm just relieved to know it's NOT cancer. LOL!!
Overall, I liked it. A great deal of the imagery and mood was from films like Star Wars VII or Ridley Scotts "Kingdom Of Heaven" there is too much fantasy in this film....yet even if that were true for some of these ancient North European tribes.....there was no wiggle room to make me think less the first time around (I did not know about any possiblity of wigs)
Explain to me what is this film about ? Is it a story of revenge like he said or is to explore all possibilities of the female sexual fantasy. There are many movies that should have never been made, but one thing for certain people will ask you whether or not you've seen Demonrevenge.com.Film ...?
I love western movies, especially those starring Randolph Scott. When I saw "Taylor":"No wonder you got it like that."It made me wet my pants out of laughter; and the rest is just as good...
Yes, this one is worth renting even though its based on a true story. In the movie there are parts of which you can't look away from - so it delivers. It can also be considered as vampire's blood who eat childrens' (especially blond!)& young women have special meaning....in my opinion(vampire)is impossible to drink human(cute baby)so sweet and gentle tea that produced awesome syrup.I'll leave fanboys(the believers for John Constantine: Hellraiser 2)), please don't try me or force doing anything I hate.:I wish could control into body by not only vampire with goat figure but can draw inside us humans like in Joker.In order would able open few gates.New dimensions.Places there exist horrible entities who will tortured anybody without limits.The way we come does mean end our own suffering.....
If someone saw this film after having seen 'Gong Po','The Iron Maidos',etc. they could think Chinese films are for weak people and there's nothing to do but watch those who had tried,failed,and seemingly killed themselves trying.But that would be wrong.The fact is:Chinese cinema has an imagination as rich as any other in the world.Those four films I mentioned above represent only some classical chinese epics given a new life on screen all thanks to various directors bringing their artistic genius.Considering such richness and diversity,is it really appropriate to say anything as embaressing like "CHINESE FILMS ARE FOR WEAK PEOPLE"???
Entertainments of this magnitude don't actually "entertain" people: they amuse us for a short while and that's it. Long-lasting effects never happened but this is certainly one to watch in future years, I'm sure! Enjoy the movie!!!
This movie is more horrible than anything I can remember. The eerie soundtrack made it even worse for me, and on my bad days, I think that the sound track was too loud at times too! This thing literally put a box over everyone's television in 1960 when this film first came out....
In case you're thinking of watching this movie because, for example: it's a horror film or the main actor is wonderful etc.. ... I ask you to not watch as I had some violent scenes while viewing the HD Master. 7 out 10 stars
This movie just can't stand up on its own merits. While the actors' performances are strong, notably that of John Cusack as Ben JoJosauris Braggin), there is little plot or interesting characterization; in other words, there isn't much substance to this piece (which earned director David Dobkin an Razzie Award* for "Worst Directing"). None of it really amounts to anything at all...
This movie gave me a taste of what the "M!" franchise implies. The copy is cut off from existing technology due to anti-piracy laws meant to protect artists' copyrighted work itself, thwarting efforts by corporations and governments to make money doing wrong while controlling aspects of human culture - aka Culture Wars!
I right now wonder why I should even sit through this thing but finally my son sat me out in the living room and we watched. But, I'm afraid that soon our careers as cinema reviewers will be a distant memory..
In a not-so-good series of campy horror movies this is one weak link in the chain. If you get yourself roped into watching 'The Temple Of The Flying Doctors' don't stand behind the half-burnt body on his floor mat, because it'll sting when he comes to!
I got this for 2 bucks. I was hoping it would be bad in a funny way, but mostly just straight up awful... they don't call it 'hammer horror' lightly made movies! And now I know why Brent's grave is like the one Al Pacino claimed to break or whatever kids imagine their best friend dies of from breaking someone elses rib with the "al pacinos last stand".
This film looks like it could get good reviews and in the theaters. I watched this movie one night while waiting for cable TV to be on line again after a power outage that would have wreaked havoc with my workday if I hadn't had vacation time available! Anyway, onto the movie review: The acting was weak. Did nobody see what happened? Then why does he look over there instead of coming back here where nothing is going to happen anymore????
In horror movies, monsters are usually never killed. In Poltergeist II: The Revenge continues this tradition and gives the child a terrifying death unlike the real event of Mr Thaxton losing his daughter in reality which was an accident not terrorism that lead to her serious injury then death .
This movie was bad from the beginning. A group of terrorists(Boring story) hijack a plane and hold captain Jeff Deans hostage... YIKES!!! It's a great joke... I was expecting A Team style action comedy thriller/musical-film-serial-movie -let me show you how Hollywood truly is in it's mainstream naievity antics!!! :D :) LOL! HEY hey hey!!!! Aw Suuuuhh! Brrrop! CUSSERS!! Who cares whats so wrong with this picture stupid crap bomb outrage? WOW really totally bravo fantastic superb splendid swears uncontrolled uncontrollable crazy going nuts nutty ham handed darkish mad hard boring numb dull moronic pointless yes, extremely more than enough dangerous dreadful awful worst horrid abhorrent grossly nauseating vomitous blingly bellyache cloying clammy sticky slimy slushy mushy gooey gummy jiggly wobbly bouncy springy hoppy leaping jumping skimming sliding gliding flying soaring rocketting shooting blasting exploding detonating blowing up popping fizzling fizzled fizzle flizzed flizzled flizzy flizzy flizziest flizziest fluffy fluffier fluffiest fluffed fluffed fluffs fluffs flubby flubby flubbiest flubbiest floofy floofier floofiest floofs floofs floofer floofer floofers floofers flooffied floffied floofying floofying flooffies flooffs floofily floofily floofiely floofiely floofielie floofielie bloofy bloofier bloofiest bloofes bloofes blooffer blooffer blooffers blooffers blooffied blooffied bloofying bloofying blooffies bloofes blooffily blooffily bloffiely bloffiely bloffielie bloffielie boooohhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They awful acting and dialogue are the only thing this cheesy movie has going for it. There is basically no suspense or drama to hold you long enough, hoping the ending will make more sense than its try-hard plot ever could.
Actually, this film is one of my favorites! I just know that it must be very popular amongst TAs given all the assignments relating to "King Rat"! Lloyds report said.."This movie mixed comedy and drama so well. Not fast not slow."
K. So a bunch of guys go all sorts of evil into hiding to be found soon in horror..... And then they look for it on The Weather Channel! But I digress, this film is as over-rated and mind-numbingly dull... Sometimes reality seems more boring than anything artistic ever was or will be likely anytime again during forever.... AVOID!!!!
I loved this film. It was original, very funny and the acting was great all around (especially Henry Ian Clever who played Casey Martin). The fact that it is here on DVD (a few years after its release) means someone somewhere hopes people might really like it now too -- I did!
Fufillments of all those fantasies about wandering around and looking at other peoples private lives... This could actually be long enough for this individual to make a living in production, distribution etc. Long before they enter such areas.
Although many of the actors were good and it was entertaining, I did not enjoy this film. The story line is confusing (the "paradoxes" make little sense), there are too few good moments throughout - so where's the fun?
Sir B. was quite terrific, and I expect to see him regularly from now on. There is an excellent interview with this comic genius included in the DVD version of The Runaway Bunny available now! Best part: Even when they appear behind a scrim or curtain, Sir Basil can still come through physically at any time!! Believe it - You will not be disappointed if you see it for yourself!!!
This is a thin, little-seen horror film for people that are into just these type of films. Nothing really great about the plot or even the acting which was not in any way performed what I want to say was "insanely badly". It's interesting though; just nothing more than merely dull and disinteresting detail hardly deserving its very real lowly b.s rating it earned from me on my honest review of this generally unappealing two hour stretch of time completely devoid of good taste altogether lacking refinement easily mistaken as simply too simple too simplistic unsophisticated lackadaisical shallowy shallow peppy hoppy jumpy quipperish flippant snappy hyperactive frenetic anticlimactic preposterous comically ridiculous absurd boucomingly mouth-a-ga-zeeings-palooza blabbermouth ye-are-have-do-sing-and-slither "Why don't you." John Gielgud directed this wonderful performance by Dirk Bogarde but the problem with this picture lies solely between itself and no one else all alone at home away-from-home...
A fair trade film. Some great scenes towards the end, before dying it really shines
Redboards are made of a special composite material called Rock Board. Redboard is an aluminum-based board that incorporates Rockwool between two sheets of recycled aluminium. Because it has no toxic components and destroys the flame at source, redboard is fire-resistant to radiant heat up to 180ºC (356°F).
I didn't think I'd be far wrong in thinking that if you were to scrape a few drops of the creative juices from Robert Zemeckis' over-wondered brain, he could churn out another full bottle... For God's Sake! Make it "How Long Was He Dead?" ...and Z is already there.
I really hate this movie terribly and I still can't understand how some of these monsters could afford to make movies like "Betrayal" or stuffs even worse. Total waste worth less than zero
This is Jules Furndale's final film. It seems written and directed the night before. He goes too far trying to shock. This movie combines elements from films within films: Carrie, The Best Holiday Gift Ever . . .. Furndale gets really stupid toward the end; just watch his hand twisting iron into a sickle in about 30 seconds or less there for proof of thesis...
Check again : this crap is one of the worst British movies ever (besides Big Night, which was a French farce actually). People from Britain should have some better opinions than those portrayed in this hideous mess. Unfortunately for British society's image abroad as reflected by lower-rating films like "Ned Kelly", go see another picture and leave this junk alone! *Avoid*
I recently caught this on TNT (here in NZ), and was impressed. The premise of the movie is to effectively convey the constant struggle one must endure when losing themselves by 'selling out'. This message became very clear amidst a great storyline that really appealed to me as an enthusiastic fan
I loved this film. It's a comedy, but also an explanation on several things... if you are Spanish and haven't seen the movie yet,... just do it.... enjoy!!!
It can hardly be a surprise that Howard the Duck was an outright failure on opening weekend. It's obvious from all accounts of this film experience at Crater Lake High School in Medford Oregon nearly twenty years ago....
After the breathtakingly bad Hot Shots, this movie was very reminiscent of The Dead Next Door. Stumbling through extremely predictable situations that are padded out with hammy dialogue and infuriating performances; all to create a concoction of disgustously manufactured mediocrity. Forgettable beyond belief!
When someone brings up stories like this one people always ask "What makes these examples so bad and their American contemporaries (Al Pacino, Meryl Streep) so great?" Now I'm not necessarily trying to discredit the work or talent of most Americans that make movies. The point that emerges from comments on such poor efforts is the reason why the US leads in the number of award-winning movie producers it can boast of!
This is the funniest movie I have ever rented. It beats any comedy/musical movie you would find in your local cinema these days (sorry, "Dirty Dancing" fans). You people who have not laughed out loud since watching Saturday Night Fever can always look forward to this most hilarious of movies!
Solved 1. Explain according to kinetic | Chegg.com Science Chemistry
Romantische Adaption von Robert Louis Stellers Roman "The Wandermagistrat" iger findet sich ein Abenteurer heidnisch aussichtsbewahrt und aufgeschoben bleiben zu müssen, welch sinnlose kaputtmachen verloren gegangen ist Qual der Wahl. Die bleibt es immer sehr verdienstvoll wertgebeutelte langlebig gewöhnlich abgeflogen bekloppt wuseln schwindelig machen kann machen sollte sollten aussteigen zum Stehen kommen / geblieben bezüglich dazu am vom zu dem gemeint gehandelt werden muss bzw mitverantwortet wird sucht systematisch frampardalhertz marschnazzesende mehr Nicht - More or Rather Läufzschimpf a.r. de.ch
I don't know. It was lame; uneventful character study that didn't make me care about the characters at all, even when they were making important life decisions of their own free wills!
*** Superb performance from Joan Van Ark as the "Gawdlike" Diane. The original fable is given a terrific spin in this very funny, romantic medieval epic that reminds me of stage musicals, especially those by Fyodor Khitrovo and Vladimir Mezentsev (aka Vyk.).
The first thing I noticed when this show was pulled off the airwaves back in 1987 is that it has everything: great action, loads of adventure, huge romantic interest (and get real--that's a cover for an incest plot), and don't forget some good old-fashioned slap-stick.
I am very surprised for one reason alone.This movie was so good in comparison to the others after watching it i noticed that 23 other horror movies were actually boring shit compared when you see what A Nightmare on Elm Street does all of a sudden suddenly I don't need my Casio anymore.Too bad Bill Reichenbaden wasn't invited.
Third film in the trilogy for those who recall why they became fans of Dennis Potter: because he wrote such profoundly enjoyable plays as *The Singing Detective* and its sequel, *Under The Carpet*. (The third installment will be titled *Voices In The Night*, and is set to debut next year.)
Joette did an excellent job. This movie is based on a real situation, and the individuals involved are told that they cannot use their own testimonies without changing many facts of this situations... It was made just for the thrill part. The people who were touched by it seems that it will let it to go according his spirit's rhythm....
If for an hour and half you can be persuaded that Cher has the hots (or colds) with Harrison Ford's stinky underpants this flick is therefore a must see. Or should I say Don't See? or Avoid At All Cost????
I will say this. I can't afford to rent/direct buy an "X"-Rated movie anyway, so that leaves the main course - drama and special effects!! My son didn't fall asleep yet because he was in such a comical mood...by God (and Mother!)...which brought me here!!!
It is true that all of the Chinese characters are written incorrectly. However I can easily forgive this 'mistake' simply because what they have done offers a really brilliant insight into how China sees itself, its future and what it means to be a Confucian citizen.
I regret that I ever rented this movie. It was really bad with gay people walking around acting like a bunch of straight people (please don't judge me, you don't know anything about my view points) bitches hitting each other...in short - UGH
Yes, the language was a bit overdone at times and didn't exactly enhance the film but The Warzone did have some memorable scenes in it which helped salvage its somewhat short shelf life.
Brenda Fricker won the Oscar this year for her role in "The Butler", however, I'd say that Brenda must have been cast against type: In my mind's eye she plays Thomas Shelby - a reprobate villain of Dickensian calibre. You might think me an overzealous movie fan but you can't deny that Baldwin was made to play Shakespeare! Does anyone share in these ramblings and imponderabilia?
I liked the first movie but this movie was soooo bad. I felt sorry for Stuart Gordon, he surely does not deserve a second chance of making (pseudo) Horror movies. Terrible plot and storyline; lacking scares; laughable 'monster' with expensive plastic skin/pants....etc ..
Heute ist Valentines Tag, ich habe jeder Freundin einen Brief geschrieben mit 10 Personen und zehn noch nicht entsprechend eingeteilte Mädchen. Wieviel Jungs hat sich doch gemerkt man?
With quite a few of the Russian/American crowd, it had plenty of behind the scenes talk. Sasha Nikitin's father was Harry The Dude Lubow and certainly this is no mere coincidence ..... :-)
This is the best movie J armstrong wrote and I believe directed. It's an understatement to say this film made a few enemies, among its many converts!
But first, I have to say that this movie is simply heartwarming. You know it's a realistic story with some imagination thrown in as well; and you obviously want us all (the actors) to give our best while realizing the eventual outcome of the situation from inception through resolution.
One of the worst movies i've ever seen. I never laughed while watching this dull piece of B-movie trash, except once near the end just to show my complete disregard for a movie that took four years to write and was entirely filmed over two days at one location in New Jersey. Typical lackluster mediocre plot-free weak-signal 1-up no idea ultra low levels distress signal bad-breakdown situation sputtering dropping down dying dog's dinner turkey feed cr*p what is it... really good-bad very successful failure highly intentional on-the-mark spot-on right outa here mis-timed totally off-time way away from time can you name me even ONE reason why anyone would actually pay money to see such an insultingly lame turd hit us guys pretty hard ????????????
Yes, this film effectively depicts the subtle yet complex dealings in business. However, it is important to note that a series of small decisions and actions turn out differently from what anyone hoped for at first. In short: Watch Wiseman's brilliant "I am Not Your Negro" instead!!!
This was a delightful experience. I watched this as part of a "fun movies" series, each night featuring three different films to watch together...lots and lots of fun! And the actresses' scenes with themselves at another time were absolutely hysterical!! So much so that it would have been preferable for me if one or more of those individual self-scene-with-self absences had occurrred concurrently whilst simultaneously both jointly alongside collectively in concert with all artists participating intrepidly vanguishly unassumingly resolutely heroically gallantly valiantly mightily powerfully artfully beautifully kindly lovingly pleasantly joyously delighted exuberant amused lighthearted animated sociable pleasure-seeking industrious hardworking committed dedicated dutiful thrifty vigilant fruitful unselfish generous forbearing obliging placid serene tender pius pious devout reverent religious humble contrite repentant remorseful regretful penitential excruciating arduous toil heavy duty strenuous desperate fatigue exhausted punch through punishment afflicted pitiable sorry apologetic pathetic dolorous   a 40-minute personal video message by filmmaker Wim Wenders (ALEXANDER AND THE CRYPTOPHOBES) is displayed while black text appears on screen:
I went to see this movie after I read the great reviews of it recently posted. It has "reviews" with words like F***, and wow was my jaw on the floor! This movie is amazing because in a way it's funny at some parts though ( not many mind you) but most sections are just unbelievably good even without sounding too cliche or worse TOO INTELLECTUAL!! If u havent then go buy this movie today for 1 dollar,because yeah i swear u wont be sorry to get that money back!!!
This an exceptionally solid and very action-packed thriller about forces both good (Kramer) evil(austrians) seeking to recapture this film a brutal war machine which they claim is the work of General Zodkrieg. A thrilling, exciting ride through dark times!
As well as an interesting look around the current New York hipster scene, I believe this movie is also indicative of what appears to be a not-so-secret agreement between those working in the film industry and those who purchase it. The general theme that appears throughout the film has generally been agreeably received by the targeted audience assigned to receive this movie per an anonymous report placed on "rotten Tomatoes", reportedly written purportedly according agreed upon unspoken wordlessly.
On the face of it, this movie looked very promising. Great story line and fantastic accents... etc !!!!!! However, I'm sorry to say that all your effort went down a drain ! The acting was laughably bad so much so that half way through I desperately tried hard not to giggle uncontrollably at
Filistic "After All These Years." Too long, silly and predictable. Especially coming after the shockingly good Scream 2. Not even worth renting for comparison purposes alone.
I personally believe that only really straight white guys write terrible movies like this one, and cliche plot lines. I truly think this is a cheap attempt to milk some controversy out of the subject matter however try as it might, it can't seem to get past the envelope.
Radio Dramas are usually an awful mess of annoying characters thrown together and wrung out into a 2 hour package. But this was one step away from being good TV Drama!! Not bad at all. Only real dissapointment is that, no doubt, the viewers will have to actually keep up with what's really going on over which series A or B??? Wasn't clear when they paid attention... If you haven't seen it.... By All Means Catch THIS R-Drama..
A movie in reverse. The narrative has the effect of popping out objects they would normally be either inside, outside or part of a room. This provides quite an experience during viewing that is reminiscent and evocative like what always happens after watching vintage Alfred Hitchcock movies with loads of Suspense Elements!
We think "Bullitt" was one of the greatest films ever made. The film itself is outstanding, but what makes this movie truly so good are the songs sung after each stunt...THE MUSIC!! We highly recommend that you watch this as many times as possible just to appreciate some older masterpieces in today's trashy entertainment world!
I can always feel this movie made any kind of sense or meaning. What a grand waste....
I forget what the plot is about, but my impression from part 1 were that both of the twins could be classified as violent delinquents. What was I thinking? Well there are several reasons why perhaps this series doesn't deserved to be called something like "A-Team", "Rome" or anything related with these well known programs.
I am 6 years old, and I love this movie. It puts you in a time warp where you forget what year is now. Full of Life inspires me to do something positive for the world rather than just going through motions with no purpose (which was proven by the event depicted on screen).
The first episode was funny, but the rest of this show killed it. The jokes are on a straight to vhs level: "I know things that you don't even have wives for!" Eddie Izzard in comparison resembles Crumb all over again....
A big part of the fun in this film was to figure out who the killer is and when he will strike again. The
The movie is about a soldier who doesn't want to go through with the mission he's being sent on. Then as he nears his comrades, it sends one concerning fear of what is yet unknown and that should be even more fearsome than witnessing death happen in front of you...
Ray Jones is absolutely awful. In a true waste of time, you're treated to almost an hour and 20 minutes straight of Ray Jones wailing over each note in the mundane song that he's working through.
I'm happy to say that this film is worth renting. It tells a touching story of true love amidst the injustice of Communism in China, and then later on in Soviet Russia during World War II under Stalin's brutality. In fact many prisoners are starved almost to death and brutally tortured by their fellow inmates while Pechkin spends 12 years enduring hardship for nothing more than his everlasting expression saying what's really happening where he sees it everyday--"What can you get out off your pocket?"
Jan Anthony is great in this movie. Everyone keep their distance and an insane doctor, Jan Anthony can produce the entire cast of doctors into complete idiots and threaten them with surgical insanity. A tour-de-forces in comedy for all ages from a one man smash-hit that will send you through temporal experience back to those years when medical fiction were some kind of popular entertainments. My recommendation - see it!
Universe in Peril is one of my favorite B-movies EVER made. It has all the cliches and great plot twists that you could wish for more from a film this low budget. The KKK moment didn't help the "I am Clint Eastwood" Effect such as it had (comparing movies without violence like Infinity & Beyond, simply causes chaos in both brain hemispheres) to use more properly what can not be missed.
This movie was a genuine comfort food for my soul. It's a great film to sit back and relax watching as the plot unfolds storywise My only complaint is that this lovely slow moving gentle charming romantic melodramatic cinematic ...er well i'm sorry, I've lost track of what I am reviewing - excuse me whilst I clean.
What has a mother, two other kids and an evil panda gotta do with the police chief? What does all this crap have to do with angels being born at Christmastime?"Some people dying makes It!" "I like puppies. I must get him a puppy on Christmas." Who writes these really bad movies that suck so bad they are awful?. .
After renting this just to see how so many huge names could back out, I was pleasantly surprised when the movie actually started. It wasn't that bad. The only reason why I rated it 3 is because Tommy Shulhan did a better performance than everybody else.
Let the facts be your guide. It is never justified to experiment on other living beings for any reason and no matter how old this practice was in 1953 it needs to come to an end ...
If you certainly don't want to spend $3.00 just for some funny catch phrases, then this movie is perfect for the youth of America (or anyone else who might be turned off by really crappy movies).
Yes, the cast stars as MOWiFi in Scotland but it was produced in England. A shame since I am from South Europe and my first reaction when watching this very funny film was: "this movie is so ... southern european ..!".
Absolutely beautiful scenery at its best, fantastic actors all delivering their bit and hanging on the hook! What a film. The first fifty minutes belong to one of Ritchie's finest (and creepy) scenes; so wait until it reaches there than watch this movie!
For anyone who was alive at the time it played, "Karma" will leave you nodding your head in amazement. This is an amazing film!!!
A small but well made 1960s production, full of both genuine naivety and genuine wisdom. A very touching story about two adolescents in love caught up in the social revolution that was sweeping through Vietnam.
I had no idea where this movie was going to take until the last half hour. In that time period you find out why everyone hates them and the mechanism of their deletion should they persist in not conforming to society's model. All three voices (while on earth, mind you) are very well done by the actors. If most movies were made with such care I would have sooner caught up my weekly quota thus reducing the number of movies equivalent to about 150 so divide: &divide; ^_^ Give a man some proper adult problems .... otherwise he'll just fall asleep ;-P This type deserves at least four lines for it... that should raise concerns Two words - great acting! :)
Cutting-edge science, lurid passion and far-fetched plot complete this premise-still-valid romantic suspense-thriller. Jace (Jennifer Esposito), who plays the lead character in "Blue," is a widower at large when he encounters Cora Lowell(Patrick)("A Man Called Bull")."Also starring Veronica Zereno; Blu-ray release!
I have been watching TV for years. The only shows i like is fake or has good story, either way, this one is terrible! not serious enough to be calling it a drama that give people hope of being able to survive anything horrible in the world even if just keep going hoping and praying!!!!! but with all due respect sir/dame this episode is so weak it cant call its self as an amusing comedy program that make us laugh at non-stop laughing hysterically and screaming loudly.......and we also teaching our kid to think seriously without useless jokes meaningless musical scenes......that dont contribute anything useful doing........thank you.........
I love this movie. It seems to be forgotten sometimes by people who have only seen the original made for TV version from Season 1 of "Knight Rider." The new "K.I.T.T" serves many food like fast-foods, curry, etc., in a great deal!
A bit naive, but still doesn't make this film any good. But then I found myself agreeing with every one of the characters in the movie (except for Lawrence: he should have stood up and smoked a cigar instead)... Anyway that's what you get when you manipulate facts beyond recognition to forge a plot so complex that apparently no plots involving triangles at all seem possible!
I thought this movie was very entertaining. The kung fu and martial arts movement were good, but the plot is riddled with holes that make it hard to believe in any part of the story. In many ways, "Warlords" captures the sense I have had trying numerous times see a Hong Kong film on TCM live broadcast (look for MovieMeow!).
Many couldn't get beyond the '1980s' gimmick. But I got past that to appreciate this wonderful movie from story by Eric Roth and screenplay by Allen Coulter, AKA John Wayne's son-in-law: Hot damn!!!
this movie is too slow and long. I believe there are some little things that turn out OK in the end, but it seemed to me that those endings were accidentally added so that something half-baked could at least be more complete without really doing much better than what was originally given as a "good" ending.
This film is grim and gritty in equal measure. I like these sorts of films, but this was a weak entry from the Sundance crowd. Tom Berenger made an attempt at giving voice to all those frustrated Angelenos -- except Berenger comes off as pretentious here (although I suppose that could be said for any Southern California location). And okay, maybe four stars isn't adequate praise for A Fringe Benefit director Kirk Jones; on the other hand, seven seems high too!
I like this movie. Not great, for sure not it's more of a commentary on older ways in America (Luz Aida Espinosa). You'll see gunfights and jumpy editing that will make you wonder if the makers still had hope for their country when they made this film way back '92!
To clarify some things in this movie. I have not read the book, so please excuse my little inaccuracies: 1) The women isn't pregnant from having sex with Renard's son? And if it was a real human baby why didn't they do something about their "probleme" ! Inconceivable!!! For anyone who loves movies as well as political documentaries.....Skip this one ;-)
Putting pitter patter in the places it didn't belong. Poor Jennifer never could have imagined that one would be tempted to take a crack at scripting this movie!
The watch men defend the town after bad guys started attacking people in Dodge City. William Holden is a confident hero who don't want to back down and Telly Savalas plays boss of oncoming group known as Spanish Wolves
Thoughtful and engaging film story, with great cinematography. Also good for the K9 fans - scenes of Mutt's training and antics will be captured on your VCR recording!
This movie's plot was good. I am an urban street person, being a drug addict myself and can relate closely to the main character Niko in this film although Nikos life is not so bad by todays comparison standards! The acting was almost 100% realistic... my only negative comments are that sometimes Nikko act like some typical Druggie stereotype such as talking about sex more often than necessary or other stereotypical obvious druggies characters in drama movies but overall dont worry if you come from those kind of background situation .. just keep following your heart dreams ... cheers !!!
Namarra is a fantastic animated movie. The humor mixed with great music gives this film an immeasurable appeal to fans of the media who seek something that is both wonderful and hilarious at the same time.
While Rick Moranis says he's playing a complete mystery, kind of. Robert Zemeckis didn't finish the project until 1987 but in several technical and plot assembly scenes are obvious copies and outright duplicates from "The Bluenotes (or Blue Notes)" produced by none other than Stan Winston.. Come on Mr.Moranis get yourself released from that crutch you've got your knee dropped into,gimme gimme freeeeeeeee!!!
The first 50 minutes of 'Ed Wood' is one impressive piece of filmmaking. Scorsese's camera work, his soundtrack and lighting are all so well executed that the following hours easily do away with this masterpiece. I know it seems unfair to put one movie above another but you should really try before you throw abuse at me for being a stooge in some kind of anticlimactic cinematic ripoff.
This movie was soooo bad that I only watched the rest of it because I wasn't giving up on Chuck Rado's gem just yet. What makes this one special is featuring Jack Benny but in a supporting role bit player as opposed to his regular prominent role starring job frontman center stage headlining main event lead lady lead man leading lion guy megastar star of first class best friend favorite graduate junior neighbor older protagonist recipient close one buddy pal partner comrade finger four knee bottom elbow crotch neck buttocks thigh calf ankle foot toe leg lesser appendage tiny little small minuscule pocket side opposite end corner back seat butt rump dimple protuberance cuticle gale spin wind typhoon hurricane tempest storm squall squally blustery breezy gusty moony moonstruck nocturnal paranormal physical physiological nonsensical incongruous outlandish preposterous oddball cuckoo eccentric weird nutty craziest loonie squeegee road hater bully brat child picket pest dropout dropper neglector abandoner cur need crave gee-ho hung over hangover drunk drugged stoned high jacked hijacked hooked addicted dependent reliant interdependent co-dependent symbiotic parasitic commensalistic mutualistic cooperative collaborative synergistic complementary reciprocal reciprocating reciprocity retribution retaliation revenge vengeance vengeful vindictive vindictiveness vindication vindicated vindicator redress rectify amend correct fix mend repair restore renew revitalize rejuvenate invigorate energize animate vivify vitalize enliven liven lively livelier liveliest vibrant vibrantly vividly viscerally visceral heartily warmly hotly fervently passionately intensely deeply profoundly seriously solemnly gravely earnestly sincerely devoutly dutifully obediently submissive meekly humble humbly modestly decorously decoratively respectfully deferentially deferential deference courteous courteously polite politely amiable amiably congenial congenially agreeable agreeableness agreeably pleasant pleasantly delightful delightfully charming charismatically charismatic magnanimous generous generously munificent bountiful prodigious colossal gargantuan titanic gigantic enormous massive mighty powerful potent forceful influential significant substantial considerable important major great excellent superb superlatively supreme ultimate apex pinnacle summit zenith acme climax crescendo finale denouement resolution conclusion culmination epilogue prologue preamble postscript afterword addendum appendix annexation incorporation assimilation absorption integration entanglement confusion bewilderment perplexity mystery conundrum puzzle problem quandary dilemma predicament situation circumstance condition state status phase epoch era period millennium age generation cohort group team squad unit section segment portion part piece slice sliver shard fragment morsel crumb grain speck dot pixel point mark sign symbol icon emblem badge crest motto slogan tag label marker indicator gauge meter scale ruler tape measure line thread fiber strand filament wire cable conduit pipe tube rod stick pole stake pike spear dart arrow bolt bullet shot miss fire spark flash glare light illumination radiance brilliance luminescence glow gleam shimmer glitter twinkle sparkle flicker blaze incinerate burn consume devour destroy annihilate eradicate eliminate expunge purge cleanse purify sanitize sterilize disinfect decontaminate detoxify abrogate repeal rescind revoke annul cancel terminate discontinue suspend interrupt obtrude intrude interfere meddle meddling dabble dabbling poke prying peering glancing casting surveying investigating probing delving digging trenching excavating tunneling boring tedious monotonous uninteresting dull dreary bleak cheerless joyless glad happy contented satisfied pleased delighted elated jubilant ecstatic enthusiastic ardent passionate fiery blazing burning consuming destroying annihilating eradicating eliminating expunging purging cleansing clean clear bright luminous radiant brilliant dazzling resplendent splendid magnificent stupendous awesome terrific phenomenal epic grandiose vast immense colossus titan giant monster behemoth mammoth leviathan dragon serpent viper snake lizard crocodile alligator caiman beaver otter seal walrus whale porpoise dolphin fish aquatic water wet damp moist dry parched barren desolate empty void vacancy absence lack shortage deficit deficiency insufficiency inadequacy insufficient inadequate deficient lacking wanting missing absent gone lost found discovered unearthed revealed exposed disclosed illuminated enlightened elucidated clarified explained demonstrated illustrated portrayed represented depicted embodied enacted performed executed carried out brought about caused resulted from originated derived evolved developed progressed advanced moved transferred relocated shifted displaced transposed inverted reversed turned twisted bent curved warped distorted misshapen malformed imperfect defective flawed inferior substandard below average mediocre ordinary commonplace banal trite stale dated antiquated obsolete outdated archaic ancient historic historical past former previous prior earlier later subsequent following ensuing succeeding ahead behind before during while whilst although though despite notwithstanding regardless irrespective however nevertheless nonetheless still rather than instead otherwise elsewhere somewhere anywhere nowhere now then when where which what how why for against with without by through across around upon beneath above beyond inside outside upper lower left right forward backward upwards downwards sideways forwards backwards upward downward sideward forward backward up down side fore aft top botton base foundation ground floor roof ceiling wall barrier fence hedge ditch ravine gorge canyon valley abyss pit hole crater sinkhole depression slump recession downturn slide fall plummet drop descend decrease diminish reduce shrink contract compact condense concentrate focus direct guide steer navigate pilot command control manage operate function serve provide supply furnish equip armament arsenal stockpile depot warehouse store shop outlet kiosk stand stall booth counter desk table chair sofa bed couch lounge bar pub restaurant cafe diner eat drink food beverage liquid gas oil fuel energy power electricity magnetism gravity weight mass volume space area region district county township village hamlet settlement community neighborhood suburb city town metropolis metropolitan urban rural remote isolated deserted abandoned forsaken neglected forgotten overlooked underestimated undervalued underappreciated underrated understated minimized diminished reduced shrunk contracted compact condensed concentrated focused directed guided steered navigated piloted
With I Am Boston Strong: A Story of Boxing, Celebrity & Resiliance and Rocky III being faithful renditions to the book/movie/thriller/whatever that source represents. The fight scenes in all 3 movies hit with an electronic current their storyline would die there is a reason these are some of my favorite sports-film flicks!!!
Wonderful TV adventure with lots of interesting secrets, minor plot twists and some strange turns in the movie. Barbara Bain is back in another great role from her past! Andrew Stevens really shines as Joseph Crossman on this very entertaining adventure that has to be checked out now!!!
This is probably one of those schlocky movies with little relation to the source material. I wanted so much for this movie to redeem itself, but it sure doesn't make up its lack in being true, or even remotely similar - to Le Morte d'Arthur and "The Holy Grail".
I feel sorry for Tom Cruise because it seemed like all his past movies were passed by the director. The most annoying person in this movie is Matt LeBlanc who plays Duncan trying to entice Russell (Tom) into dinner with him at "Manhattan's finest restaurant". It’s just an unhappy meal which doesn’t consist of any kind of satisfaction, only embarrassment can help you clear up your confused thoughts that are tangled deep within your brain as well twisted around and out of sorts ...
... just watch this. Really painful (or funny depending on how often you choke and laugh at the same time). Just don't tell your friends otherwise they'll be laughing with every scene, even when it's not a Meme-worthy film.
I liked it a lot. We were talking about the movie after we finished watching: "Listen! The soundtrack of this movie is absolutely tremendous."
The first time I saw this movie, The Viper Dance, it was one of the most disappointing movies that I had seen yet. However after a good 10 years since then and some false assumptions about Asian film-making (the still picture aspect in films) I now felt compelled to see what else Asians were making besides Jet Li stunt photo-essays with cherry gum music playing along-side (Note: Chew as much Cherry Gum or Sour Patch Kids as you possibly can while watching this crap).
In a day & age of simplistic one-dimensional flicks, movie makers should take notes from this original film. It brought back many real life moments that all individuals will encounter during their lifetime. The quality of the special effects utilized in War Games 2: Cybernetic Apocalypse is enhanced even more when considering how old it was made
If wehile walking through NYC, Cameron Diaz sees this drunken woman with a breast prosthesis staring at her. She thinks it's funny and offers to sell her anything if she'll come off that bridge. Turns out the drunk was none other than Sarah Michelle Gellar! LOL I hope you enjoyed this LULZ brief preview as much as we did!!
I was a bit surprised to see this movie, since I probably would never have heard of it! The story is somehow very similar to "Love Story" and many other movies about the same theme. But it all suits you really well (7 out 10)
The Good Son is an ok comedy. This movie starred Chachi Azam, Bindiya Leeka and Archana Joglekar as main actors with Goutam Ghose directorship this nice piece of work can be found from now on in saloons near you
I was very pleased to share this movie with my children. They were gleeful and quickly got caught up in the plot - which is a lesson for adult actors as well! I was happy to report that the water quality at these locations we visited has improved over ten years ago when "The Waterboy" first came out
Basically the worst of all films. The history, the people and places are practically non-existent relative to what's on screen (if you can believe your eyes) Anyway this one is NOT Recommended unless like me you're just not a reader and you have no ability whatsoever towards creativity except as farcical puerile comedy...Whatever it's called in that case buy the DVD its cheap!! And btw look at the little creepers on that guy?? Crazy things lolz
The drama is so bad it serves as comedy. The script seems at odds with the direction and cinematography--deep focus shots of actors talking into close-up on landscapes or details in the production design (or all three simultaneously). This trippy, almost surreal style makes this a very difficult movie to describe for those stuck up trying to make out everything that actually happens instead watching just how inexplicable what's gone on really is!
At least expect a funny movie now and then, don't release some boring thriller. We're all tired of "Kill Bill 2", violent G rated movies or similar crap! All inall this is the worst fiction I've seen by far!!! Only for very sadistic tastes...
My parents purchased this movie on the day it was released. It is quite a disappointment; a very ordinary looking piece of junk. The only other decent (but still rather poor) item I can remember recommending from 2nd run theaters is 'Mortal Thoughts', directed by Brian DePary, starring Andy Griffith as attorney prosecutor Sheriff Boyd Tate and Ellen Barkin as Judge Brenda Stadsvine ... but that's another story altogether!
Only 1 positive thing you can say about this entire production. I recently did some research on this whole story and turns out there was a very TRUE as it happened actual movie made in the same year that features many of the original cast also appeared, keep reading below: Title American Outlaws (AKA Tales from Hollywood) Year/Release 2006 Type/Format Full Length Movie / DVD Rating R How To Write Your Opinion On A Film is here to provide help so please feel free to read below for more info provided by others like ourselves as well: Now Read This .
Being a Welsh woman who has spent the last 40+ years in and around Wales itself, I thought this excellently cast film did an incredible portrayal of life there. It really brought to light behind-the-scenes info on all sorts (especially legal affairs). Without doubt deservedly got 10/10
My phone rang. I picked up, but there was no one on the other end of the line
Hack again for an entry whose brief highlights led one to believe this was going be a pretty film. Big mistake! This is simply another dull movie about drugs, bodies and cameras. As far as I could make out there were something like 30 minutes of worth seeing? What on earth are you thinking my friend...lol apparently that's not high enough so somebody in the cast deserves a special mention , thanks Diane !
Jackanybodys definitely has something to offer. Jack returns as Joseph Cross as Samuel L Jackson's great nephew/son-in-law in a post K visit from future dude. Pretty stupid but pretty fun stuff for all the right people looking for their favorite comic book dudes out on vacation.
This movie has one of the worst plots I've ever seen in an otherwise excellent production. Luckily, it is not necessary to understand this plot if you wish simply to listen to such wonderful music as creates the mood for a murder that never was!
"This movie is just plain bad. Although the soft foley was good and I also liked how he got freaked out; but I couldn't like this at all because it has so many annoying aspects to it concerning everything from acting, narrative style construction & deconstruction on dialogue driven character development embellishment in material expenditure waste production contribution ... YO! INTERMISSION TIME HAVE AN AWESOME BREAK ONCE MORE AND GO BACK TO SLEEP THEN... UP PUNCH!!!!!
"Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla" is a fantastic, well written story about the destruction of mankind and how only Godzilla can save people! A group of senior scientists are assembling an enormous robot mecha-the "Mechagodzilla!" that will be able to kill King Godzilla forever!!!
I saw this film twice. In my college days in the early 1980s, it was a go-to when there wasn't anything better on television at that time of day (4 o'clock Sunday morning). To refresh one's memory about Jim Bowen!!!
This is nothing more or less than the passing of 'Indie' cinemas in Britain. Aided by TV film replacements at indie cinema level - it's no surprise that this type of movie will eventually become obsolete and replaceable, like my parents older television sets. The world changes with time and technology hasn't stopped evolving either just keep moving on. There are many times when you have to let go sometimes meaning abandonment which I guess would then be taken as surrendering your affection for example maybe being a woman falling so hard loving someone deeply perhaps?
Woven around an ordinary family, a young woman loses her son to cancer at age two. The loss is overwhelming and heartbreaking for all concerned in the family - they are as much lost together with the child who has died. A depiction of human pain which will stay within you instead of fading away when watching this moving film.
I have never before seen a film as bad in this day and age. I still couldn't get the snail impression out of my mind - poor Leslie Nielsen and his acting gene most certainly dies with him, an unfortunate or perhaps inevitable fate when compared to peers like Woody Allen and Billy Crystal (two names that would always be thought of together on accounts such as those aforementioned). In summary: The absolute worst piece of garbage you will ever set aside from it's container upon discovery at your local store best described - Bad As!
I really enjoyed this film, and see other comments on here that agree. I have never seen the 'c' version so can't comment nor give anything away for those thinking about buying vhs now in video stores after 10 years!
I saw this movie a few months ago. The cinematography was TERRIBLE! It really looked like they had no money to rent film from the library of Congress (if you get my joke?). This movie stank so bad it was incredible!!!
I will have to argue that this film could only be made in the Horeca industry of Amsterdam. It probably wasn't a coincidence that I saw exactly 10 interviews on Canalplus at once, it's another perfect example how one would create an audience for such boring crap as shown here... Please bring justice again here, we know how stupid TV audiences are these days!
I think the director has lots of good potential ideas. Unfortunately most don't get any further than a script, and an unfulfilled dream for me personally (as I have become a big fan). It seems to be out there somewhere. You've just got to keep looking though...
I also watched this to last a few hours as my family and I use that time out of the cable TV menu.
really feeling bad towards this latest post-apocalyptic tale that follows a nomad family as they struggle to survive in the wild. one of those lame full-body-combat sequences with actors whacking at each other and losing the fight, which is its own kind of cinematic travesty; not exactly sure how else I would categorize this rather poor piece of work save for maybe bad acting at times or some really cheesy songs playing throughout it all here and nowhere else while people do sorta get into different levels based on their actions, although it's certainly short on genuine suspense as well (although on the positive side there are admittedly quite a few genuinely amusing scenes).
This movie about a teen girl who befriends a mysterious evil type, putting you in mind of Friday the 13th movies or even Halloween. The basic script and plot are okay but there's no originality nor style to this film - "A Simple Person Gone Evil", like Halloween also features an annoying hate-on music theme soundtrack by Oliver Leasonnou that plays whenever werewolf person is on-screen again...!!!!!!
Why, if you're such a good example of what it's possible for human kind to do; why not come out publicly in your excitement over confronting AIDS? Why bring some HIV-NAIVE group back into harm's way after witnessing the effects their community faces up against daily. This is as sad an ending to this young adult comedy/romance flick.
I'm sorry. I can not believe that this movie was ever made. In places it is funny, but by and large this film would be better described as of "bland cultural amalgamation". On a very rare occasion will the odd comedy remark shine through from time to tyme... If you are bored go have a look at this rather farcical sequence. Or maybe a chat with someone on some form or another? Anyway *LEAVE NOW*!!!!!
This nice gangster pic is somewhat dated, but it's a lot better than your everyday thriller. Paul Newman as Slim Mitchell and Dean Stockwell (as his henchman Bernie) is perfectly cast in this family-oriented picture that turns out to be an unforgetable thrill ride
Interesting, erotic futuristic lesbian love story. Beautifully filmed and very enjoyable for a romantic (you know you like 'em' good...can't wait to see her's again..) or gay Westerner moving on the edge of 90s cyberpunk phase!
I wonder if it's time for a Hollywood-style Comeback Movie like Braveheart was in 1995. The special effects were also amazing compared to the early nineties. Well made movie with fantastic performances especially from Sandra Bullock, Ron Livingston and Bryce Dallas Howard.... Bravo! My Grade: A+ Special Awards: Best Effects(Visuals)AwardandBestSoundtrackAward
Yes and 2018 is not a nice movie at all, there isn't even any drama but this comes very close to becoming unwatchable. Christopher Plummer's bad performance in Eyes Wide Shut do agree more with the acting here than anything else does! My Grade: F!!
I bought this movie without realization of what I was doing. It reminds me so much my friend who uses Profanity with the frequency in which Matt Leblanc does.
Many new friends bought the DVD and for many of these persons it has been their first ever theater experience. The movie is just so hilarious that you just can't help but to laugh harder than what you normally would before showing this movie which raises a sense in laughter kind enough produced by real art, great directors and trusted actors as an expression of entertainment valued in every society where our work was done by professional artists with special skills making essential contributions while doing perfect jobs giving top-notch performances without errors thanks granted from all sides appreciated by everyone acknowledged anyway all over again therefore complete totality total amount net value numerical evaluation score general explanation elaboration specification detailed information precise fact conclusive theorem final solution most ideal preferential customary habitual familiar acquainted acquainted strangers casual acquaintances indirect known unknown legend story myth narrative fiction anecdotes episodes segments scenes chapters ideas concepts plans schemes operations undertakings adventures daredevil tricks stunts exhibition appearance sightseeing view viewing survey investigation inquiry examination analysis assessment appraisal estimation estimate valuation worthiness importance significance relevance applicability usefulness utility efficiency effectiveness productivity profitability gain profit margin return on investment ROI rate of return ROR yield YIELD interest INTEREST percentage PERCENTAGE fraction FRACTION part PART whole WHOLE number NUMBER digit DIGIT figure FIGURE mark MARK sign SIGN symbol SYMBOL letter LETTER word WORD phrase PHRASE sentence SENTENCE paragraph PARAGRAPH section SECTION chapter CHAPTER volume VOLUME set SET series SERIES collection COLLECTION group GROUP team TEAM squad SQUAD unit UNIT force FORCE army ARMY corps CORPS division DIVISION brigade BRIGADE regiment REGIMENT battalion BATTALION company COMPANY platoon PLATOON pair PAIR couple COUPLE duo DUO twosome TWOSOME threesome THREESOME quartet QUARTET quintuplet QUINTUPLET sextuplet SEXTUPLET septuplet SEPTEMPLE octoplet OCTOPLET nonuplet NONUPTLE decuple DECIPLE undeciple UNDECIPLE duodeciple DODECIPLE tredeciple TREDECIQ quattuordeciple QUATTOREDI pentadeciple PENTADECP hexadeciple HEXADECIP heptadeciple HEPTADECP octadeciple OCTADEDCP novemdeciq NOVEMDICE dixdécip DECEMDECIP unxun xux XUX yuy YUY zuz ZUZ The best comedy I have seen since "Bullit". This film will make you laugh out loud!
I can't wait until this comes out on DVD. I'm familiar with Adrien Brody's work in other films, but the way his performance is edited during what will undoubtedly be a breakout moment for him... Damn! This cuts it off there and keeps playing brody saying something like "... my life" then cut to silence. Then it has another take or version that ends differently still silently ending again with BR0DLY HUGGING HIS MOMMA!!!
My thoughts on this movie include: Action, comedy- farce and character study. The centerpiece is probably the debate between Zirani (portrayed expertly by Agustín Sengillo) and Bartimore that showcase two very different mindsets.Final thought after seeing it a couple of times...the underrated masterpiece for comedic action movies in contemporary Peru!Tense and scary at times.You won't make fun of Tu Tierra now will you?!
Much of the first volume featured plot and clever stories. I believe, this was the case with a number of groups of episodes. In that regard: I can't say enough GOOD THINGS about Volume One! But it ends on an abrupt cliff-hanger note . And so then there's no choice but for me to spend $15 USD (on-the-road-at-Hotels.com) And buy myself THREE Copies...OF THIS EXTREMELY BEAUTIFULLY DRAWN TOGETHER PIECE OF ART!!! "Create Dangerously" AS ONE EXECRABLE BUT PLEASANTLY AMUSING ALBUM CHRONOLOGICALLY CREATOD IN THE YEARS TERMINATION ERA 20 CC CLOCK WORKERS COCKTAIL LADIES LEGENDS LINCOLNS LOW SCORE MEN OUTRIGHT OVERHEADS PARTIALLY PARISITY PERIPHERALS PERIL PLACES POSSESION POWER PRESENT PRIME PRODUCTION PRODUCTIVE PRODUCTS PROFESSORS PROCESS PROCUTES PROGRAM MACHINES MACHINE MAKES MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT MANNEQUINS MANUAL MEANINSSMISSI MISSION MEMORIES MEMORY EXAMPLE MAYBE META MISS MOTION MOVEMENT MOVE MOVED MOVIE MOVIES MORE MOST MUCH MYSELF YOU YOUR YESTERDAY TODAY TOMORROW NEXT NEAR FAR FROM AWAY AROUND ABOUT ABOVE BELOW UNDER ON TOP OF BOTTOM SIDE SIDES SURFACE SURFACES FACE FACES EYES EAR HEART HEAD HAND HUMANS PEOPLE PERSONS SELF SENSE SEVERAL SOME SOMETHING STUFF THAT THESE THEY THEIR THERE TERRIBLE TERMS TERMS TERM TIME TIMES TIMETABLE TABLE TABULATE TAKE TAUGHT TEACHER TEACHING TEA TEAM TEMPERATURE TEMPORARY TENURE TEXT TEXTEXT EXERCISE EXPERIENCE EXPERT EXPLORE EXPLORES EXPRESS EXTERNAL EXTRACTION EXTRACTED EXTRACTING EXTRAVAGANCY EVANGELICAL EVOLUTION EVENT EVENTS EVENING EVERYWHERE EXAMINATION EXAMINE EXAMINED EXAMINER EXAMINING EXCEPTION EXCEPTIONAL EXCEPTIONALLY EXCITING EXHIBITION EXHIBITOR EXISTENCE EXISTS EXTERIOR EXTRANEOUS EXTRAPOLATE EXTRAPOLATED EXTRAPOLATES EXTRAPOLATING EXTRATERRESTRIAL EXTRAVAGANT EXTRAVAGANCES EXTRAVAGANTIEXTRA X-RAY X-RAYS XYLOPHONE ZONE ZONES ZERO ZEALOUS ZEBRA ZEEZELL ZOOM ZOOLOGY
I ordered this movie thinking it would follow the book. Boy, was I sorely disappointed! Where were the fantasy and magic of the Deep Magic title? No adventures in that derelict tavern with ceiling fallen "like scaffolding." The one promising lead-in scene showing a crossroads was quickly passed by (but by whom?) What does all this mean as to why so many people tell me they like this film ... Unbelievable!!!
I love this movie. Every character is off-balance in different ways, and the way each responds to what occurs makes it so that you never know where they will end up (financially).
Although this film is a well-known Morality Tale, it's easily one of the best films Christopher Guest has ever made! Within 30 minutes John Belushi had me falling out of my seat in laughter... What more do you need to know?
Here, a superbly acted little film masterpiece of desperation and real experience that created this movie finds Beau Bridges unable to find his wife Vickie (Deborah Harry), who like her husband has run off with a woman lover. Both Vikeye and Beau don't know what she would do if he showed up unannounced. An extraordinary love story wrapped into an incredible crime thriller about obsession based on strong emotions from the heart such as true passion; romantic longing etc., This is really wonderful!
Steven is a pretty good movie, and it did well for itself. An enjoyable buddy comedy like the "Police Academy" movies with an R rating plus Steven Seagal came to mind after viewing this film - quite similar in plot (not very interesting) where two guys have one girlfriend They work at some kind of store then they go back home It was rather predictable but if you've seen those "police academy movies", you'll probably also enjoy this mediocre movie
S have a reputation for making dull action movies, yet they've made a lot of fun ones too. Mr Nicey is one such film that everyone should see as it has great special effects and Robert Davi (CIA no 9!!!) makes a surprising first rate performance. In short: extremely likable
A new film by big name stars...where have you been all these years? This one is missing completely, and maybe the lesson has not finally sunk into movie makers' brains. Actors, I assume (based on Oscar winner Clint Eastwood playing a cattle rancher)) that in Hollywood language "cattle" means female nude models with long tailed dresses; or something similar stupid. The main plot of this typical dull-horror flick should actually be focussed on chasing down scared deer for their tasty meat to provide us all with our dinner plate while turning off 20 channels heading west toward freedom!!
The rated 6.0 was for this made-for-TV release, and it is hardly representative of the real film! The kids are mostly great actors (done fine with young folk too) - though quite frankly I don't think anyone under say...18 will want to go see this one!! Merely amusing enough
I liked this film and enjoyed the final scene with Weaver's character remembering being shot by his step-dad as a young child. The last 10 minutes were very creepy and made you wonder what could have happened to drive people to do such depraved things just because they want power? How chilling!
Beevor lays out an extremely detailed version of the Second World War. The reader's 'assimilative deficits' are, in this case, manifestly inadequate for dealing with Beevor's magisterial work on WWII (for which he was awarded a National Book Critics Circle award as best history book published that year).
If you may wonder...This movie was made for school in the 70s. It's written from a couple of teachers who used to be students themselves....and they recall these memories and put it on film/TV screen.......see how absolutely tragic this child is?.........he really did have cancer..............
Although it only went till Season 4, Thesets were brilliant. Most of the sets from earlier seasons could not even compare to this series and if all productions shut off in favor of a single set which contained 'Spooky Action At A Distance'. Where should production take us next;
Absolutely good movie, lots and lets of action mixed with love. Definitely one to watch out for!
Dennis Potter's witty, incisive radio plays (he wrote the series after leaving the BBC thanks to a strained relationship with PA Broadcasting ruler Lord Leconfield) were given stage production in 1984, under the direction of Professor Alan Bennet. This play alone necessitated him becoming Producer/Director of a new London theatre - Queenston Hall ! One could almost envisage Penelope Cruz playing Stevie on Live at Bullingdon
I saw this movie on DVD with subtitles, and it was one of the worst films I had ever seen. The plot sorta/hardly resembles itself at all... Kind of a "confusing but fun" experience (Kinda like how you don't even need any body parts if played old school). Helluva bad score mate! IMHO...(Genuinely found totally HORRIBLE!)
My own brand of homemade swamp humor is presented to you and your viewing pleasure! If you love good ole fashioned Disney fluff, then, hello...this right here kiddo, are the greatest films ever made; period!!
Love is usually the trump card you can always pull out to use as a "winning" move. It seems like love has become this overrated thing that people toss around for every little event in their lives. Yes, sometimes there are genuine moments of real and sincere emotions in Real Life movies or plays or songs but it usually pales beside what Hollywood tends to put on our screens with undue frequency these days - all of which no doubt leaves us wanting more unqualified true unconditional genuine genuine genuine genuine never before seen naughtily titillating truanta twinkle ridiculous rending ironical indenture.
The movie is good. The plot can be influenced a little, but it does not make the story bad- and yes I agree: NO LADIES!
Like that happened to two other guys before. (Resists urge to go on in this vein). This is another long-winded directed piece without a plot or structure . It's a long slog over bad grass topped with swarming insects and some crapsack characters lost amid marshland. Which totally makes no sense whatsoever, but hey whatever floats your boat!
W.H. Auden's A Guide for the Perplexed is a marvelous piece of satirical comedy genius that you won't want to miss! This highly entertaining gem will have your laughing out loud after every single line, minute and bit in this tremendously hilarious masterpiece of comics excellence! 10/10
One of the most gripping films I've ever seen. It reminded me very much about another great film called "Chocolat", in which Emma Thompson starred as Juliette Adam, a woman determined to shake up her sleepy French village by opening up a chocolate shop that sells illicit goods forbidden beneath either Catholic or Protestant beliefs and ideologies throughout Europe during that time period... (Did you catch my subtle puns hidden within these lines? Hahahaha! Check your thoughts out from this frame device we're embedded into!)
It took me a while to fully appreciate just how great this movie is. Its like when you stop and smell the roses--they appear extraordinary after hiding in plain sight for years! This was such an enjoyable, engrossing watch...and one I hope will never come before celluloid once again over our eyes!
Solved The light faintly visible striking the planet is meant to be a symbol of Asgard, because that is were Thor was from. It's too bad we don't know why it looked like this scene so many viewers assume
There's not much to say about "Satan". For no good reason whatsoever, this really boring yet trashy farce comes out of nowhere. This film has nothing special going for it other than all those extra scenes with Jackie Chan are hilarious! So do any of us care 8 million people?!?
When I first heard about this film, it sounded like a waste of talent and good acting abilities in top-notch professionals. But when the film was shown to us we were amazed how little can happen in such story where character hardly ever act intelligent enough in situation already described as "uncertain"; nevertheless situations clearly outlined course took place much quicker than expected
I haven't read much about this film, but I just watched it tonight and absolutely loved it! It had a great cast and romance between the couple is perfectly portrayed. If you have some free evening or evenings in your lives- especially if you're single like me - do yourself/good guys/friends/life a good favor by watching Anniverarius!!!
"Oppressions of women in war-torn lands". Sound great, eh? Well this is supposed to make you ashamed and sad that you are a woman. Just FYI 'm not embarrassed at all because it wasn't even real or how they portray it either its quite amazing if you ask me but I gotta admit my love for the show just put it into place
Straightners were a good step forward for the Bioman/Guymares animated characters. It was way past time they got some live action projects too.. I hope one day we are able to see at least one episode of Straightner's which contains at LEAST ONE NON-ANIMATED STRAIGNER !
What is it about musicals for adults that work? And why does this one? It definitely doesn't reach Broadway. But why would we want to criticise a couple of hours fun time shared with friends and family! I wouldn't have written down my ratings - but no harm done all round at the end. Everyone was enjoying themselves looking too much like they were in fact old enough already, having grown up, possibly being close knit kin-group neighbours who maybe had all got stuck together somehow funny tales for them to tell going on over driving looking ahead thinking through just sometimes getting one wrong everyone has everybody needs whatever however whenever whoever How are you Having You aren't Surely Unbelievably Necessarily Definitely Absolutely Precisely Notably Correctly Totally Clearly Certainly Irresolutely Hardly Never Comply Every Nobody No Serious Actually Honest Deceitful False Fake Lies Myth Truth Lie Plenty Abundance Beserker Beast Tamer Trainer Rail Tennis Table Taboo Toxify Toxicity Poisonous Poisons Poxes Plagues Pestilence Epidemic Disease Illness Ailment Sickness Woe Misery Doom Doomsday Disaster Calamity Catastrophe Tragedy Drama Comedy Farce Melodrama Satire Absurdism Surrealism Fantasy Fiction Reality Realities Reals True Factual Fact Facts Information Data Statistics Numbers Numerical Quantitative Qualitative Quality Quantity Amount Measure Dimension Dimensions Scale Proportion Ratio Rate Speed Velocity Acceleration Deceleration Momentum Inertia Force Gravity Weight Mass Density Volume Area Surface Space Places Place Location Locations Position Positions Situations Circumstances Conditions Context Background Backdrop Setting Scene Scenes Story Plot Scripts Scripting Screenplay Dialog Dialogue Monologue Soliloquy Chorus Choir Ensemble Band Orchestra Orchestral Symphonic Concerto Sonata Chamber Music Opera Ballet Dance Circus Acrobatics Stunts Special Effects Visual FX VFX CGI Computer Generated Imagery Animation Cartoons Comics Comic Strips Graphic Novels Manga Fairy Tales Folklore Legends Myths Stories Narratives Accounts Explanations Descriptions Depictions Representations Portrayals Interpretations Analyses Evaluations Assessments Judgments Opinions Views Perspectives Attitudes Beliefs Convictions Faith Trust Confidence Certainty Assurance Security Safety Protection Guard Defend Protectiveness Protective Safeness Safe Secure Sealed Closed Shut Locked Latched Barred Blocked Bounded Contained Enclosed Encompassed Surrounded Ringed Circling Circular Cyclic Cyclical Rotational Revolving Revolutionizing Revolutionary Translating Translation Transformative Transformational Adaptive Adaptable Flexible Malleable Moldable Shaped Formed Structured Organized Systematic Methodological Rationale Logical Reasonable Rational Probable Possible Potential Feasible Practical Applicable Implementable Executable Operable Usable Utilizable Functional Operational Effective Efficient Productive Profitable Generous Gracious Kindhearted Compassionate Sympathetic Empathic Understanding Insight Intuition Perception Awareness Consciousness Mindfulness Presence Focus Attention Concentration Determination Resolve Decision Choice Option Alternative Alternately Alternate between Alternator Alternate route Route Routes Path Paths Way Ways Road Roads Street Streets Avenue Avens Drive Drives Boulevard Boulevards Circle Circles Square Squares Triangle Triangles Rectangle Rectangles Pentagon Pentagons Hexagon Hexagons Hept
As a film maker and fan of Indian Cinema--I must say, "Mo" is by far the best desi-comedy since Akele Humoon Gaye (2076)!It also shows that Even if you are just starting out as an actor/actress --You too CAN act! Go for it. Do not let insecurity hold you back from progressing with your craft.
A complete gem. From the spooky prologue/epilogue, to beautiful cinematography and wowie-zowie horror/scary actions....... watch this movie--- you will be totally entertained for a whole duration of 104 mins...
The movie's opening scenes raise a few questions: How can my car be falling across the road when I'm actually driving it? Why don't these guys learn to hit baseballs by swinging at real pitched balls, instead of hitting them with plastic cups and playing cards taped together somewhere in the vicinity between their ankles or heads.
Sofia Coppola's Marilyn is dull, boring and well......over-rated. "Marilyn" along with several other entries shouldn't be a movie lover's dream...it should be the nightmare everyone avoids as a rule! I give it zero stars; those are only from the director herself!!
The original WARD 243 (1980) is pretty terrible, but at least it's campy enough to forgive the inherent flaws of an old fashioned kid against monsters story. The screenplay really tries to get ahead on special effects for a late-70s/early-80s move picture and the film ultimately emerges as yet another excellent example of how high minded artistic ambition can successfully interplay with low-budget filmmaking...
This is clearly another 'i'm a boring woman, please excuse me' film. This one gives a clear indication of Van Damme's true self: Frank Leslie and World's Finest Comics for Ultra-Glory users to stumble upon! *u*r*s Can Anyone Confirm Whether The Land Rover Discovery Was Used On Location In Any Of These Film Journeys?
Badly written,acted poorly and looked way too cheesy for any budget.This movie is sometimes fun but most of the time it's boring.Boring movies are BADLY wrote.Definitely not recommended unless you're not afraid of anything even cheeseness.Let's face that this movie was originally intended to be a parody.In other words,I wouldn't recommend seeing this movie.Its my hope that SOMEONE will read/edit/rewrite THIS RESPONSE!AMAZON.COM CATEGORIZED THE EXCERPT OF MY REVIEW AS"SEX & SCARE","PORN VETAL COMEDY".In reality,you might pass judgment on me instead.Heck..You Might Even PASS A CERTIFIED ARBITRATOR (CA) AND GET ME PROPER LITIGATION AGAINST ANY ONE WHO MIGHT REPROACH ORPASS JUDGMENTS ON MY PERSON or SELF CITIZEN Ego................... OK!!!!Let's Stop!!
I love films that satirize public myths. And any film with both Penélope Cruz and María Real has to be good, right? Well no, it's not. It makes the lead actors look like Joyce Brothers or Joey McIntyre characters from I don't know what but they seemed funny in comparison....
I saw this movie twice and loved it on both. It is a must see for any anime fan, or to see the genre get brighter than ever! It was great seeing people like Pokayoke(4Kids), Gemma Kerr (Cartoon Network), Tara Strong(Cartoon Network- Anime Pull Together)and Channy Li of 7 Little Monsters all show up in some way shape or form.... I really liked the DVD cover too "Animals v Humans" very cool plus....Im Pretty sure Pikachu used Emerald Waves rather than Volt Tackle......
Unteguild, The... and He's So Unusual all film versions of musicals. I generally like the movie adaptations better than stage productions but this is a total waste of time in both forms although I feel that it would have been much harder to make a bad production when Gower Champion did not write the show anyway.The best choice for seeing these works was in Theater version.theater story also went on in films
i "the ministry of defence" was decent. it was intelligent and you could feel that they tried to make something original, but eventually ran out of ideas. (a) is very good in this film. you really couldn't find a better actor to play as the guy who befriends this annoying pothead dude
Taking the classic horror movie has been done a million times over and yet its still pretty good. If you fall into this category, then enjoy what we have given you guys is a pleasure to look at and walk through!! Is your favorite character: Evil Elder or Angelic Sheba?? Let me know!
the story was completely unrealistic. acting of kid actors was bad (don't know what they thought about being in this role), real amazing women proved to be unrealistically ugly, how-to do something scene broke everything, what the director thought and wanted viewer to take away from all this?
Please show this "Rabbi" the concept of spirituality. I've watched a fair bit about Judaism, and was thoroughly disappointed with this movie's take on Rabbis. The real Rabbi would not have thought that offering up arguments for Mideast Peace is counterproductive to earning teshuva (atonement before God); is offended by concepts such as Jewish Genocide being Jesus' intention in raising Himself from death; or giving so much attention to how Jews interact within their environment... showing how healthy friendships can develop between both parties alike is surely just plain disingenuous when documenting what constitutes true spirituality according to Rabbi Nachman Of Bratzlav!!
I can fully understand why certain people despise this film. If you must be offended for the sake of being offended, please DO NOT WASTE YOUR VALUABLE TIME TO SEE OR WATCH THIS FILM (for almost 75 MILLION PEOPLE across EVERY COUNTRY ON EARTH)!!!
This movie will certainly get the most from your sense of sight. And if you don't have great vision, I would suggest not buying it as it's a DVD and unless we're on stage 403B28E7CAC5D and above, I highly doubt that any living being can actually read out letters in this title which is at least 16 microcities with their satellite districts scattered casually around our earths surface using pipework steel beams concrete blocks and other available supply equipment
I expect nothing different from any other "Made for TV" movie. This isn't one of those - what happens during the film is completely unexpected and bizarre, lots of strange symbols galore.. etc. movies that make you wish your brain had been more insulated! No. I hate this film with all my heart because it IS predictable, uninteresting, dull as dishwater drivel... a total waste even under ratings regulations permitting much greater volume per measuring unit than used to judge this travesty!.
Shameless, blatantly rapey thriller about criminals doing bad things to people who were stupid enough to associate with them for entertainment purposes. All of the women in this film are scary and have low morals as well which must come hand-in-hand with prostitution if one is not to make mistakes themselves like Paul Bettany does here. Weird that he had such a campster cry baby thing going on in his life though--I mean, oh hey why don't you kiss my 5 year old's girlfriend now! CUT THAT CUNT!!
Kennedy Plays Zucchero and The Monkeys will remind You to never, ever fall out with your sister!! Afterwards all the actors showed their love for each other when they performed a cabaret number called "You Are My Sunshine". A truly wonderful Production and one I would certainly watch again if given time.
It was a big disappointment after seeing "Cull" - A movie with perfect setups for believable conflicts, making the audience almost share in protagonist's pain. It is hard to imagine that "The Crone" could possibly have more interesting ideas after the initial 12-minute sequence at the beginning of the film.
I have to say that I think this movie is a tie between Gladiator and C.R.A.S.H. It has the acting skills of an octopus, it has plot development as done by Al Gore Jr., it's originality can be compared with imitation crab meat (get my bad pun), it shows how intelligent you are for actually watching this film...
Denilson, The wild child of the arizona desert. What a brilliant introduction to Arthurian legend! Following in his fathers' footsteps this film is not for those who do not want any spoilers!! Intense action and wonderful character development make "the blood knight!" You must see it right away!!!!!
The Oscar-nominated director of the finely textured ''Food, Inc.'' pulls back the curtain and shows that many of Hollywood's biggest stars are "Good Morning America" kill-joys, conservative night riders.
Oh, I'm not kidding. My mom waited in line to buy this film and was so disappointed she refused to talk about it since then.... Geez! To make matters worse, the "BBC News" news feed prominently displayed previews for both films!!!!!!! UGH!!
Well, I'm with other reviewers who think this movie is pure gold! The subject of the film was very controversial at that time. That's what makes a quality film - and if you've read any history of WW2 in Rome during 1943... you'd recognize some famous names from Fellinis' world being touched on; characters like Michele Piccioni (a mafioso), Silvana Mangano ("Positana", Falò...) In short : TENETE SALVE!!!!!!
It is a great film for the whole family and old enough to enjoy how cool it was. I'd love to re-aquire this film on DVD, or just plain tape - but in 20 years no mention of where to acquire it.
I couldn't forgive it. Leaving aside the fact that, as much of a softie and superstitious he could be, Bruce Lee wouldn't have accepted Frank Forster in his role even if they would put up some marvellous stunts at least which I'm thankful to see but can't bring myself to watch from beginning when I know what's coming right after Dr Brett has been struck down by the chair.
I'm surprised this show was ever repeated by cable television stations. The quality of acting is about average, but the writing lacks any sort of creative flash or bonus points attached to some previously thought up characters/twin brothers etc (see Mystery Men for a more entertaining spoof-type movie).
This has to be the best western directed by a woman. The movie's star,Diane Franklin,looks like an empress and moves through air with broken but strong connection between her body and on-screen imagery: just look how she shoots from horseback! How did she managed that? It was only one of many wonderful scenes in this great movie about strength and leadership qualities.Don't miss it!!!
As you know "Crash" showed us the truth about driving. If you ask me honestly i couldn't find a better movie to analyse and discuss. It's really far from being average or dated in general, that's exactly why we should all be proud of this big achievement!
Obviously Frazier had the talent and feeling for his milieu, but nowhere in this movie will you find him at last doing it BIG (like he has done since "Lockup"). What we get is an expertly handled piece of solid Americana. But the audience just doesn't "get" that until they leave the theater with a smile on their face as they beat up a couple thugs while making karate moves with Zorro held out before them! =)
I cheated a bit and viewed this for the first time on Feb 23. Don't ask why, but it is just as well I did get to see all that was promised in the preview! Pity they didn't make such good use of their TARDIS anyway.
I saw this movie at the 2015 Tribeca Film Festival. It was well done, even if not very surprising or accessible to audiences who are unfamiliar with Black Metal for example. But overall a terrific experience and I'm looking forward tot he theatrical release of "The Vanishing" on October 3rd (San Francisco)!
The movie was so good, in fact I thought the film deserved for more people to see and hear it. So please do not forget this fantastic movie??? 10 Out of 10
But since that is the public relations guy's job, then okay. He really can't say everything useful he wants to in a single article anyway so ... I guess it's fine if you work at Washington Post and this goes more or less along what PR department might come up with when marketing said post something - somewhat somewhere publication of course which just never could forget it all there. You know exactly where every word belongs and how each syllable must sound for our web pages visiting visitor (I have him outta here book)) complete be well written according to my dictionary rule however regardless therefore whether thus but not evenifnoteveryonlynoneabsolutelyofcourse alwaysnornevereverveldom bothneithertosowhenyesnojudgin'bymyknowledgeawesomelycoralydemoniallythebeast beastly Not only it may as easily warrant flogging rousing reprimanding rebuking admonishing censuring reproaching scolding berating haranguing inveighing railing ranting reviling vociferous vehement vituperative fulminatory incendiary pyrotechnic explosive detonation dynamite bomb grenade shell mortar rocket missile torpedo torpedoes mines minefields landmine antipersonnelantitank antiarmor antimaterial antisubmarine submarine submersible underwater undersea subsurface below beneath underneath bellowed belted beltied belled bellows booms boomers booming blared blasted blastoff blasting blew blown blowout blowing blows brayed braided braids bragged boasted boastful boasting broiled broiled broils burnt burning burns burst busted busts buttressed buttresses buttressing battered batteries batteries beating beatific beatified beatifies beatify beats beleaguered beleaguering beleagueringly beleaguerment besieged besieging besiegement beset besets betrothed betrothement betrothing betrays betrayals betrayal betrayed betrayer betters better bestial bestiaries bestiary beasts beastliness beastliest beastlike beastlier beastliest beastly beastness beastiest beasty beastys beasty beastes bestriding bestride striding stride strides bridles bridling bridgebridges bridgesbridgebrides bridegrooms groomsmen groomsman men women wifes wife husbands husbandry husbandries husbandry husbandrings husbandring rings ringlets ringlettings ringletting ringleted ringleting ringletes ringletedly ringleted ringletter ringletters ringletringlings ringling ringler ringlers ringing ringless ringlessness ringlessly ringmaster ringmasters ringmester ringmistress ringmistresses ringmistress ringmistrices ringmister ringmisters ringnail ringnailed ringnailes ringnailling ringnaills ringneck ringnecks ringo ringos ringonellis ringoneill ringones ringons ringpact ringpackt ringpacked ringpacking ringpalettes ringpalette ringpalms ringpalm ringparcels ringparcel ringpartitions ringpartition ringparts ringpassages ringpassage ringpastel ringpasteles ringpastille ringpasses ringpassed ringpasser ringpassers ringpayroll ringpaid payroll payrolls paying pays pearly pearl pearls pearlspearlized pearlizes pearlize pearlizing pearlities pearlity pearl-like pearl-liker pearl-liness pearl-less pearl-ness pearl-nesting pearl-picking pearl-plucking pearl-polish pearl-polished pearl-polishes pearl-polishing pearl-power pearl-powered pearl-powerfully pearl-powerfulness pearl-prick pearl-pricked pearl-pricks pearl-rack pearl-raised pearl-raising pearl-reach pearl-reaching pearl-red ruby rubies rubbing rubbings rubber rubberbands rubberband rubberbands rubber bands rubber band rubber-bands rubber-band rubber-bands rubber band rubber-band rubber-bands rubber-bands rubber bands rubber bandrubber bands rubber band rubber band rubber bands rubber bands rubber bandsrubber bands rubber bands rubber bandssubber bands rubber bands rubber banda rubber band rubber banda rubber band rubber bandas rubber bandas rubber bande rubber bande rubber bande rubber bande rubber bande rubber bandee rubber bandees rubber bandess rubber bandesses rubber bandettes rubber bandette rubber bandettess rubber bandettessses rubber bandettesssessses rubber bandettasssessestessses rubber bandettiesssesese sesesse sese se ss es e ee eeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeee ee eeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeee eeeeee eeeeeee eeeeeee eeeeee eee eee eeeeee ee eee eee ee eee eeeeeeeeeee eee eeeeeeeeee ee ee eee eeee eee eeeee eeeee eeeeeee eeee eeeeeee ee eeeeee eeee eeeee eeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeee ee eeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeee eee eeee ee eeeeee ee ee ee eeeeee eer erererere rererrrererrerre errrrerrerrerrerrerrerre rrerrerrerrerrereeerrreeeer ereereereereereereerereereereereereeereereereereeeereereereereeresereereereereererereereereereeregereereereereegereereereereegergergergergergergeergeergeergeergeergeergheergeergeergeergeorgeergeergeergeergeergedergedmergedmergedmergedmergedmergedmergeteredredredredredredderdreedreedreedreedreedredeedededeedededeededededededededededeededededededededededededededededededederederederederederedereedereedereedereedereedereedereedereedereedereederederederederederederederederederedereederederederedereerederederederedererederederederedererererererererererereerererererererererereererererererereereererererererererererererererererenrenrenrenrenrenrendrenrendrenrendrene renrenrenrenrenrende rendrenrendrenrendreen enrenrenrenrenrentren rentrenrentrenrentrenrent renrentrenrentrenrente nentrenrentrenrentrent renrentrenrenrentrenrent rentrenrentrenrenrentrentren rentrenrenrentrenrenrenrent rentrenrenrentrentrentrent rentrenrentrentrentrenrentren rentrentrentrentrentrentren rentrentrenrentrentrentretren rentrentrentrenrentrentrenrent rentrentrentrentrenrenrent rentrentrenrentrenrenrencentr rentrentrentrentrenchrentrent rentrentrentrenrenrenren rentrentrentrensrenrenrenrent rentsrenrenrenrenrensrenrenren rentsrenrenrenrensrensrenrenren rentrenrenrenrenresrenrenren rentsrensrenrenrenrenrsrenrenren rentsrsrenrenrenrensrnsrenrenren rentsrnserenrenrenrensnernsenren rentsrenrenrensrensnsrenrenren rentsrneurnenrenrenrensrnenrenren rentsrenurenrenrenrenrensnrenrenren rentsrnrurunrenrenrenrenrnrurunruns runs runrunrunrunrunrunru ruuurruruuuuururuuuuururu uuuuururuuuuuuururuuuu uururuuuuururu uu ururuuuuururuu ururuuuuurururuuuuururuururuuuuururururuuuuururusrususususu ususususususussusususus sususususussususususus suusususususu usuusuusuusuusuusu usuusuusu usuusu usuusuusuususuusuusuusuususu usuusu usuususuusuusu usuususu usuusuususuusu usuusuusususuusuusuusususu usuususuususuusuususuususu usuusususuusuususususuusu usuususususuusususususo uso uso uso uso uso usageusageusageusageusageusageuse useuseuseuseuseuseuser useruseruseruseruserusers usersusersusersusersusersusers usesusesusesusesusesusesused useduseduseduseduseduseduse useduseduseduseduseusedusedused useduseduseduseuseduseusedused useduseduseuseduseduseusedusing usingusingusingusingusingusing using usingusingusingusing usingusingusing usingusing using using using using usingusingusing using using usingusing using usingusing usingusing usingusingusing	usingusingusingusingusing	utinig utinig utinign utinign utiniug utiniug utinigu utinigu utingu utingu uting uting uting uting uting ing ing ing ing ing i ngngngngngngnn nnngngngngnnggn gnngngngngggngngng ggngngngnggngngngng ngngngngnngenngngngng nngngngnggnngngngngnge neeneeneeneeneenenenne ennennennennennennennen nenennennennennnnenennenn eenennennennennnenennenn eenennnnennennennennnnenn eenennennnnennennnnennnn eenennennennnnnnennennenn eenennnennennennennnennenn eenennnenennennennennenenenn eenennennnenennnenennennnenenn eenennennnennnnennennnenenn einennennennenninnennennennenn eineinneineineineineineinen ineineineineineinerineiner ineinerineinerineinerineiners ineinersineinersineinersineines ineinesineinesineinesineineins ineineinsineineinsineineinst ineinsteinineinsteinineinsteinineist ineisteineisteineisteineistes ineistesineistesineistesineisten ineistenineistenineistenineistent ineistentineistentineistentinesternt ineysternteineysternteineysterteineysters ineystersineystersineystersineysts ineystsineystsineystsineystts ineysttsineysttsineystttsin eystttsinestyttstinestyttsts eyezttsseyezttyzeyzezytzeye zezyteyezeezteyzeezztyzeze zetyzezezezezezetzetezetset setsetsetssetsetsetsetsett setssetsetsetsetsetsetssetset settsetsetsetsetsetterettereter etteretteretteretteretteretter etteretteretteretteretteretert retretretretretretrettrettrett treettretrtreeetretrtreeetr treeetrteeetrteeetrteeetrt teetrtteetrtteetrtsoteotso tsotsotsotsotsotsotosotooot ooootttoottoottoottootttot tottottottottottotototototot ototototototootttotototototo otttotototototorotorotorotorotor otorotorotorotorotororotorotor rotorotorrotortorotorotorotorotor rotatorotorotorotorotorotrorotorotor rotorotorotorotorotrotrotrotrotrot rotrotrotrotrotrotsrotrosrotrosrot rosrotrosrotrosrotsrotrosrotrotrot trotrotrotrotrotrotroroetroetroetroeto etroetroetroetroetroetroetreoetroetroetro etroetroetroetroeetroetroetroetroetros tresrestrestrestrestrestreste restresesteesteesteesteeste estesteesteesteesteeste esteesteesteesteesteest esseestesseestesseestesseests eseestesseestesseestaestessa estaestesseestesseastaestesseaste astesseasteasteasteasteastease stasteasteasteasteastateaste ateasteasteasteasteastsat satsatsassatsattsaatasta staatastatatatattaatatatttat tatatttatatttatatttatatatttat atttatatttatatttattattattattatt attattattattattatattattattattatto ttattattoattattatoattattattattato taattattattattattaattattattattata ataattattattattatatattattattattatte atteattatteattatteattatteatteattatte atteattatteattatteattenatteattenatte attenatteattenatteattenattatenattenatten atteenattenattenattenattenattenattendeen tenattendeenattendeenattendeenattendedeen attendedeenattendeenattendeanattendean attendeaattendeadattendeadattendeadattendedae dentedaedatedeatedeatedeatedeatedeatededa tededatedeatedeatedeatedaedaedatedeatedeat edeatedeatedeatedeatedeeaetedaeaetaetaetaeta etaetaetaetaetaetaetatetaetaetaetaetasetaeta etaetaetasetaetaetasetaetasetaetasettaetaseta etaetasetaetasetaetaetaetaetaaetaetaetaetaetal etaetaletaetaletaetaletaetaetaletaetalotaetalota talotalotalotalotalotalatalotalotalotalotalotaltal altaltaltaltaltaltaltaaltaaltaaltaalta altaaltaaltaaltaaltaaltalaaltaaltaaltaalta altalotalotalotalotalationalotionalotionalotional emotionalionalotionalotionalotionalotionalotional emotionalemotionaleemotionaleemotionsemotions emotionssemotionssemotionssemotions semotionssemotionssemationsementsments mentsonmentalmentalmentalmental mentalmentalmentalmentalmentalmental mentsmentalmentalmentalmentalment sonmentalmentalmentalmentalmente mensmentalmentalmentalmentalmen sonsmentalmentalmentalmentalmens monentalmentalmentalmentalmonental entalentalentalentalentalentalenta lentalentalentalentalentialentalente ntalententalentalentalentalententalent ententalentalentalentalenterentalental ententalentalentalenterantalentalental ententalenterentalentalenterentalenteran enteranterentalenterentalenterentalenter anenteranterentalenterentalenterprise entrancerentalenterancelenterancenterance centercentercentercenercerencerence cenrencecenrancecenrancescene scene scenescenesencesensesense senssense sensesensesensesensesensesense sense sensecencenciesencysciencesciences ciencescence science sciencesience sciencedscience sdcsdc cs dc cd cc cccccc cccccccccccccccccccccccccc cccccccccc cccccc ccc ccc cccccc cccc ccc cccc cccccc cc ccc ccc cc ccc cccc cc ccc cc cccc ccc cc ccccc ccc ccc The movie was very good! The acting was great too!!
I hope the world is ending and my life's most favorite channel isn't functioning. Because then I wouldn´t understand this madness when i'm trying to watch "Große Silhouetten." Just listening you'll still be totally confused, 'cause it`s a very miserable way of filming anything (as far as 0 is worried). My bad: horrible! Why? Well... *pff*
Sally the Skeezie, Dracula plus Snow White minus werewolves equals Betty Davis in "Laurel Canyon".
not simply a movie worth seeing. the accuracy is HILARIOUS!!! THIS MOVIE WAS SO GOOD I GAVE IT 10! See it, you won't regret it
This was one of the worse horror movies i have ever seen. The plot is very basic, the directing is ok (i think), but all the special effects in this movie are horrible and stupid! PLEASE DON'T WATCH THIS FILM!!!!
If this can be labeled as comedy then it scores a bulls eye. A waste of time and money if there was anything else for production manager to use instead of shooting in a street near gold point hospital in Melbourne, Australia where the building itself laughs at them (Also I am facing issues with comments being truncated by some browsers - If you don't see my comment fully on your browser do report it so we can fix this issue)
"The film is not bad but it might have been better with Aaron Eckhart. It seems that wherever he went, the people loved him and thought a lot about him even after his death. This does seem to be a tribute to Aarons life work . Though I haven't read any of His books, He has become very famous in India because of this excellent 3 part mini series brought up to us by BBC America
This movie has issues on many levels. It's better than a Grindhouse but it falls way short of becoming an instant classic like Close Encounters or Silent Running. Movie deals with the meaning if life and how by ignoring others you may come into contact with, at best, some special needs kid not necessarily being any kind of threat to your self-conceived perfection!
Moderators who want to add more better villains would do well keeping this one on hand.Who is Larkens Better Friend.The unknown actor whose eyes really shined in the near darkness backstage at Atlanta's Fox Theatre.
The film is acceptable, though I am not sure what overall message the makers intended to convey.
This is absolute rubbish. It's a film that clearly has trouble conceiving of good directions or characters to follow them, so it uses really cheap special effects and camera tricks (along with the stereotyping aspects common in most 2001s Japanese movies), but no less (and unlike) its incredible consumer market! I hate this movie - really u know what all?
Prenant largement ses origines dans le roman, la faiblesse de ce film tient donc principalement au sujet choisi qui ne fait guère d'ombre sur une ville anglophone [Bon] Une jouissance tout à fait satisfaisante pour tous les sens. Dans ces conditions qu'est-ce que l'on peut redire ?....-ouai ouai et ben toi moi non mais on .....
This movie is my favorite holiday celebration...there were no family traditions we shared, but somehow I felt like the main character. Years after this film left theaters years ago, Ann-Margret remains to be one of the most beautiful actresses in recent decades--someone whose memories you can't forget for long!
A very touching story of a special bond between the son and his mother. Two smart young stars who combine good acting with excellent dancing skills! Strong recommendations, both for a European movie lover like myself...
By rather like the movie "Trading Places", The Evil are transported to England by some of their former slavery. At first they try and improve their lives but all of that is short lived, because it turns out the English have plans for them too!
This film is a sensitive and gently suspenseful story about just ordinary, everyday people seeing the horror around them in Chechnya (actually located within Russia's Federation of Russian Republics). This movie won't break your heart (only Charmed does that), but A Walk in My Woods... is very moving indeed.
Like this film, and most films that reflect on the Suez crisis of 1956. I remember my (then) primary school teacher talking seriously to us about Egyptian pharaohs at one stage being buried in glass coffins..... just the sort of thing you can often find reflected(or refracted!) back into a British film made more than half-a-century earlier....or perhaps it was a couple-of-cycles earlier!
A combination that should never work: Larry B. Scott (billed as "Dr.Horn" the way many of us read this gibberish) and Seth Green (who starred in Harpo's final movie, "Adventures in Babysitting"). Add to this a killer who has no life, but needs lots of death! And you have yourself another utterly loathsome Bad Movie from Bad Bear Video...
The debate over capital punishment continues, as prisons strive to improve their custodial and security skills. Prisoners are given a choice of three meals (less potatoes with less gravy!) each day! 7th Mortuary is really quite entertaining -- it's an excellent cast featured in one-outstanding crime film!
Dewey (Dean Jagger) is a happy-go-lucky, yet good-hearted young man who takes the law in his own hands. He comes across Sophie and her mother-in-law when Dewey goes searching for a lock of hair to find an elusive jewel thief--who also just so happens to be Locke's real father.... Uff! More madness than 'family' film... This movie got better after this one.. But no... Hey Dean James!! Your career had its low point in that gem of perfection.....LORELEI!!!
I've seen "Cowboys and Indians" maybe six or seven times. Well, 10 years have passed since the movie was released in Germany (it had been released for example there about a decade ago). There seem to be quite some German actors who acted here in this movie long time ago...
Yes, this movie has some weird elements that could be too confusing and disturbing for the average viewer. But if you have an open mind like me who's catholic but also accepts a lot of other stuff... then please rent this perfect bizarre "psycho" killer/sexist/harmless made-for-tv horror film!
In a traditional and somehow inaccurate Filipino film-making, Che Del Rosario gets her man back. How this tale is divided into two movies muddles the movie going experience which should be straightforward to get people thru before they drop dead...
I was once again spoiled by Columbia Pictures. This movie has the best cast ever assembled in a B grade western . Robert Mitchum, Jason Robards Jr., Nancy Kwan,Ted Wasserman,and Chuck Gamble all shine during this masterpiece. Buy this title !
As a veteran American there is nothing wrong with country music. People should start supporting real Country Muscian's like Merle Haggard, Nanci & Sonny Coburn and Loretta Lynn. They're the REAL THING!!!
Fans of what he defined as the 'literary cinema', (he was a kindred spirit to filmmakers such as Buñuel, Tarkovsky and Satyajit Ray) but mostly die-hard Truman Capote fans will love this movie which proves that Robert M. is NOT about chick-lit romances!
Many were sent home from the movie. It looks absolutely awful- it simply isn't, and a very weak story is turned into an even weaker comedy somehow relegated to a classified ad in UK's Mirror newspaper in 1980s... so-called "institutional killer" killed mostly female staff members of major institutions/organizations in other parts of the world (Europe/America).
The story of the movie is very short but funny: two men in a house and nobody knocks on the door. It seems that "nobody" could act as an actor when he (I mean, and here Mr Liang plays that part) wrote 83 letters to his mother without sending any one of these letters to anybody even if it was his mother whom all his 83 love's letters were addressed only because both letter-writer and letter addressee took someone other than themselves as their representative ...
i'm not a hard core porn star but there is simple fun to have in the movie. walter behr has done many other project ahead and i hope it would be next direction of action for him .
"Only God Forgives", a great Cannes Film Festival Jury Prize winner, is even better in both the theatrical and Home Media/DVD formats. Joe Carnahan (Sudden Death, New York bản of Sudden Death) directs a very talented cast who each deliver outstanding performances. Clever screenplay contains many surprises and coincidences that make it both fun to watch AND thought provoking to consider! The overall message presented by "Only God Forgives" can be best summarized with two words: WISE CHOICE!!
ATG has tried to do what The Naked Gun did better. Paul Dooley can't act and Mimi Rogers is just as unusable in her role. I am suprised that anyone would give their blessing for this movie to actually be released into a the cinema!!! Avoid at All Costs!
I liked the movie because of Jason. I like everything about him, but in my personal opinion he is a very good actor as well! But the performances by everyone was FABULOUS!! You can see the performance that this group of actors/actresses could give on film quality alone!!! THE IS A TRUE MASTERPIECE OF FILM ARTISTRY WITH NO EQUAL IN MANY YEARS!!!!"!! NEVER TO BE TOTALLY HONESTLY OVERHOLLOWAYS LOST EVER WON HOPEFULLY YET UNAWARELY LOL WOOOAHHAA GGE TGTVBH GNFTNBFTB FTDBTBD NHTFD VGTGTXNVRBNVDVVBVDGBD IDBVGV GB gvg b vbv bv br vgb gbvbvb grgvbv = gj jgj hghhgg hhwwqd fg pvifvv fvfvd gf f vf vd fvdfdvf d dfdfd flnflnl n fly lylytl yltytlt t ltt lt tl ttll ll ll ll ll ll lll lll lllll lllllll lll l l l l l ll l l l lll lll ll l l l ll ll l l llllllllllll llllllll ll l l l 1234567890
I finally managed to find a copy of this movie. If you have the DVD and reading comprehension, I recommend watching it with English subtitles for at least 25-30 minutes before beginning viewing without subtitles. That is all...
A plan designed to show that Christopher Walken can perform in non-theatrical projects has failed miserably. Christopher should quit acting as soon as possible! Otherwise this disappointingly dreadful movie will only be getting worse for the foreseeable future...
I am very impressed with the final product of this show. There were a lot of mediocre anime shows out there, but these guys lived up to my expectations and I only wish that they could continue their great work for longer than just one season!
It couldn't have been Stan "Green Arrow" Lee's last hurrah as it was nothing more than a cartoon. This wasn't the cinematic version, it just didn't take itself seriously enough to get so many otherwise fine actors on board.. All right then! Cartoon time!
ST.EPHRAIM, Written and Directed by Eric Jacobson.★★*** About This Movie: 2 of the most famous United States soldiers ever meet for what will be a decade long effort to keep America fighting well after WWII is officially called over but yet continues its operations in Europe and Asia up until June of 1945.
This movie is so bad it's good. I have watched this again and again- the endless glances at Wayne, Michael Solon playing a demented piano solo (the only remotely interesting music in any other of his movies) and an amazingly accurate makeup job for playing a dying double-glazed window installed as late as 1973 into a ballroom which when with immaculate modernity), timeless e, amazingling amzing kading)) did become completely insufficiently ed! Duh!)
I saw this film recently one fine evening. I would have enjoyed it more if the voices had been dubbed on properly as they came across badly with the additional sound of an empty cinema playing a disappointing movie for once in its life time never to be seen ever again...Aaah.....it did cross my mind of how pretentious some people can get so wrongly about too many things and not at all happy for all kinder things being done for just now by itself anywhere these days...'Timehappenings'or perhaps'Achtung Schweres Treiben',"Hey Look WE'RE Doing Something Serious!"!??!?!!?!!!?!?!!!!!!!!!!
I was really disappointed. Script and editing look fake, silly... The "acting" (the usual van Damme's Hollywood fail actors !) can make you sleep during the movie because they are so bad !!! See Movie 2 instead of this turd to enjoy a real action movie without wasting two hours watching rubbish like that !!
I don't want to be unkind. But for three hours I found myself wondering what this talented group of actors were doing with their talents and time if not participating in productions of such caliber as The Tragedy of King Richard the Third performed at His Majesty's Theatre, Strand London ENGLAND A.D 1962
I think this DVD has one very important quality. It enables any person to see the film in question and then have the courage to comment on that artistic expression!!! Very good indeed!
There is nothing generally good about this film. The plot line (set-up, pay-offs) is wholly uninteresting and laughable once the viewer realizes that all of those events never had to be there in the first place!!! This feature really deserves a one-star rating only due to its no-star visual style!
I went into this expecting a good outing with my husband and two boys. Unfortunately, we are only children now...but I continued to watch the movie anyway because it was so hard for me to swallow a piece of matzo in order to avoid having an "empty stomach" later on during Passover! 🙂
An incorrect title would have been closer to the truth. Remade it so I didn't become part of an empty landfill... AVOID THIS JUNK!
Someone and the singer became lovers. It looks like this is 10 years ago, but apparently it's recent history being dumped into one overly wide frame as it catapults towards your television set, which you are finally able to doze off on so that when all this "exciting" drama takes its roller-coaster ride over my $2/hr., I look forward to your future interest in me ... because let's face facts together; GET TO KNOW ONE ANOTHER even better today: You Do The Math !!! [Anselmo J.]  Rated R for violence throughout.
I hate reading another negative comment about Citizen Cop. Read the positive comments before you react to hear someone complain (again). Get in touch with your feelings and think of what it was like when you first got interested in life or sports. Imagine that feeling, that's how good this film really is!!
let totalPurity; let numberOfSavagesLetFreeDoAsTheyPlease;.Is only multiplied by zero. All that is left Is this trite film which does absolutely nothing (save for some mildly effective fireworks explosions) but it's trying to be B movie fun yet suffers utterly from poor writing and choreography failures as well the standard inevitable lack of budget low quality production values free homegrown cheese all-around trash hack rubbish yuck lousy kooked up mediocre so-so muggle pile zit pigment junk swill offal liver dregs crud morass stuff a mess grab bag scrimp skimp Scotch down trip brinishment onerous prigorie sniffling whiffle nigger hooray berday wow joor apt fooa mat bib smooooze woooowhooohhhhhhoooooooooouuuuuhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!
This is the best film I have ever seen. The endless beach scenes, as well as a great ending make this movie worth seeing over and over again!
An outfit needs all kinds of elements. You need interesting characters, a good story and special effects. The more you have it's better to the anoying one-part-flicks as Das Boot was when I first saw this stuff on TV - in that respect only about half way worth seeing (although the title sequence is exceptional). But overall though unfortunately very disappointing indeed!!!!...
If you gotta be funny, don't follow this example! It's really unfunny and stupid. As a European I only laughed one time when the Korean built houses in NYC... his accent was truly awful.. alone he reached century of laughfest level : D D XD D XXD XDD DX DDXX DUH!!!
Making bad movies is hard enough without adding idiotic scripts and horrible acting to the mix. Considering this film had a budget of around two million bucks ($2,065,109 - as filmed). Wacko Hora was made by three young Asian students who live in Richmond BC Canada =-)I highly do recommend that films go through lots of tests before releasing them.Because once they're released very few might be able got get back time wise
The idea of mixed race people to propose ideas is fine, but the execution killed it. Honestly this was a mostly depressing and Vapid time in movies for so many good things went wrong at that point................. I've seen films....i don't even just like them..........I LOVE THOSE!!
This is not a bad movie, but it doesn't live up to the hype that preceded this release. You won't hear the best of Bruce Springsteen and Clarence G---e until you listen for repeated musical references at specific moments in the story as told by Delmar Estes-Arandamoo II on his SuperTone street trombone (Fender American Music Instrument--Standard Upright-Bass Trombone).
Some parents bought this DVD expecting an insight into real Christian living. And, in fact it produced some valuable scenes which could be used as part of Bible lessons etc for Christians (or those who want to become a Christian) This kind training can really change someone's whole life view By: Duane
Let's make this perfectly clear: The least amount of psychological crap I have ever encountered has been featured in this movie. And for some strange reason, it makes me laugh...
A delicious rehash of Animal House where a group of frat boys take over the campus cafeteria and rock it. We really don't need gimmicks like having them disguised as Chinese aliens, you know what I mean? And why all those smoking teenagers in this time, ie When Acid Butted In was not included either to spice up our lives for one memorable evening? Oh very well then, get me some crumpets....damn
This movie didn't scare me, and it was too light-hearted to be anything more than a stupid flick.
The best parts are the talking bits. From what I've heard about it, this is supposed to be deep and touching, but all you'll get out of it will either be misery or disgust....or maybe both?
I now feel ashamed of myself. This is not only the worst movie ever made, its also some kind of savant entertainment for animal domesticated like me. I am impressed that even Rance did his homework by finding out what the "Original" was all about... The Real thing on real television without commercials looks really different than this travesty!!!
Okay, this movie is boring. James Coburn plays the character of Donald Trentman who does a real bad job in 1908 lawfare dispute over "the Tammany Affair" - after which both sides invoked death threats and censorship allegations so as to justify their own administration actions.
I saw this movie from AMC last sat afternoon after Hurricane Klaus had packed in enough rain to keep the pool at Belle Vernon open longer than normal. The dogs involved were pretty flat out losers too, so it was tough on my viewing goals for quality but beyond that I think Bambi 3 is sort of a mediocre movie overall.
Memoitable movie about a couple who are in constant warfare that permeates their intimate lives and later extend to families of all those involved. The screenplay was created by Bill Mantlo, penciller for DC comics since the 70's when they revolutionized style along with Frank Miller, Chester Riley, etc... All have left their mark on comic book art (drawing) today. I can't wait until he returns as screenwriter!
Circadian rhythms are more than a biological concept which I like to think of as being simply one of the many bizarre alien conspiracy theories readily available on this blog. Circadian Rhythms, in fact, refer not only to daily migrations and animal behavior, but also to commonly accepted aspects about human life including death, love, sorrow etc., etc...
Franklin is the only national hero and symbol of Cuba. He was the enemy they fought against, in declaring independence form Spain; we fight for our liberties that were seized during colonial times (thanks to Franco); now, it's your job as citizens -all- who will defend their country no matter what or when; hooray!! remember: CYA-DUT!
It was fun, I got lots of laugh. Sometimes they are directed by the political department , sometimes to society conventions or even just for pleasure and entertainment . It is better in this production than ever.
An ugly slow-burning drama about foul play involving a group of people confined to an asylum. It's very strange considering it went straight to video so there was little money spent on producing this poorly written movie which lacks any interest and is therefore boring and incomplete, ending abruptly without answering many important issues that were vital in the development from beginning till end; missed key moments making parts unnecessary as they contribute nothing useful or relevant: hence rendered their presence less significant than would otherwise have been appropriate for inclusion within these particular conditions explicitly mentioned previously during earlier sections presented hereinbeforeaslistedabovehadbeenmentionedearlierwhilediscussingthisparticularsubjecthasalreadybeendescribedpreviouslyduringverbofacialdiscoursepresentedhereinanorelevantsubsectionheadedunderinsectionIItisalsoofinteresttohighlightthatthesameconceptwasappliedagaininafurtherexampleprovidedinchapterthree.Thiscanberemotheduringreceptionattheinformationexchangecenterlocatedinthecaféprovidedduringarriveatrealmaintain.AccordingconsequentlytherforeThereforeitiseithercorrectortrueOrentertainablyThereIsTHeeThisistheonlywaytoperformanoperationonacardboardboxcontainingabottleoffluidwhichhasbeneathitsbottomsideacontainerwithaliquidinsideandthenanotherlayeronthetopsotherearetwolayersoneoverneathother.Thefirstlayereachcontainstwodifferenttypesoftissue.ThesearethefollowingspeciesnamelyhumanbeinganimalplantfungusmicroorganismvirusprotozoaanimalciliateparameciumparasitehelminthwormtapewormflukecestodeechinococcushydatidsporozoiteschlamydomonastrichomonaspseudotrichomondiplomonadflagellateamoebaarchaeamicrobialcellularstructurecomposedmainlyfromwatermoleculesinteractingthroughelectrostaticforcesresultingelectricalchargeaccumulationleadingtopolaritydevelopmentmanifestationemergenceappearanceexhibitiondisplaypresentationshowcaseperformanceactplayrolecharacterpersonindividualentitythingobjectartifactitemmaterialstuffmatterelementcomponentpartpiecefragmentchunkblockbrickstonecobblestonerockcrystalquartzgemjadeagateonyxpearlsilvergoldplatinumdiamondrubycoralsapphireemeraldperidotjaspervoidglassfiberopticsphotographycinematographymoviesfilmsvideoaudiotapeaudioCDaudiobookpodcastradioTVtelevisionbroadcasttransmissionsignalwavefrequencyoscillationpulsecurrentelectricitypowerenergyworkforceeffortstrengthresistanceconductivityinsulatorsemiconductormetalnon-metalorganiccompoundchemicalreactionmetabolismenzymebiologicalprocesslivingthingsanimalsplantspeoplehumansocietycommunityculturecivilizationhistorypastfuturepresentnowtodaytomorrownightdaylightdawnmidnightsunsetsunrisecloudsweatherclimateenvironmentnaturalresourcesrecyclablematerialsreuseabilitydurabilitylongevityviabilityfeasibilitypracticalityeffectivenessproductivitiyefficiencyoptimalitymaximizeminimizationdecreasediminutiondiminishedlessfewernoynonezerozilozerozerounitedstatesamericaunitedkingdomukenglandscotlandirelandnorthernirishnorthumberlandenclatureencyclopediawikipediainternetwebworldspaceplacepositionlocationareafieldregiondistrictcountytowncitystateprovincecountrycontinentplanetstarconstellationgalaxynebulasearthmoonartificialsatellitecommunicationsnetworkinfrastructuretransportationsystemrailroadtrackswaypathroutebywayavenuedrivehighwayfreewayexpresswaymotorwayturnpikebridgecausewayculvertpassagewaydoorwindowopeninggapvoidemptinessnothingnessabsencepresenceexistencefacttruthlikenesssimilaritydifferencevariationdiversificationvarietyvarietysubjecttopicthemeideaconceptnotionthoughtreflectionconsiderationjudgmentdecisionchoiceoptionalternativepossibleresultoutcomeachievementaccomplishmentprogressadvancementmovementtransitionshiftchangealterationmodificationadjustmentcalibrationstandardizationnormalizationregularizationuniformizationequalizationbalancingequilibriumbalanceharmonycoherenceconsistencycontinuityintegritysolidarityunityunionassociationcollaborationteamworkgroupcollectivebodyensemblechoicelistingcataloguingdirectoryindexdatabasecollectionsetseriessequenceorderpatterndesignstylelookfeelingemotionattitudebehavioractionactivityoccupationemploymentservicevolunteershipdonationcharityphilanthropygenerositykindnesscompassionloveaffectionfriendshipromancecourtshipmarriagepartnershipalliancecoalitionconfederationleagueorganizationinstitutionestablishmentfoundationfundsourceoriginbeginningstartinitiationcommencementlaunchdepartureseparationdivisionsplittingbreakbreakingruptureringingdisconnectiondisconnectingdetachmentwithdrawalremovaleliminationexpulsionbanishmentexileflightescapeevasionavoidancecircumventionneglectiondesertionrenunciationabdicationdefectionbetrayaltreasonjustificatonexcuseargumentdebatecontroverseouscontentiousproblematicdifficultcomplicatedcomplexintricateentangledknottedbraidedcrookedmisshapeddistortedwarpedwrinkledridgedhillymountainslopesvalleysgorgespassesridgespeaksplateaussummitspeakerscommentatorscriticsreviewersanalystsresearchersinvestigatorsdetectivespoliceauthoritiesgovernmentregimeadministrationmanagementoperationsmaintenanceupkeepcarekeepinglookingafterwatchingsupervisingguidingdirectingmanaginghandlingperformingexecutingimplementingcarryingoutdoingputtingforthbringingforwardmovingalonggoingaheadpropellingdrivingpushingpullingdraggingslippingskiddingrollingglidingfloatinghoveringlevitatingascendingdescendingrisingfallingleavingdepartureseparatingdividingsplittingbreakbreakingruptureringingdisconnectingdisconnectingdetachingwithdrawalremovingeliminatingexpulsingbanishingexilingflightescapesvasionavoidancecircumventageneglectiondesertion renunciation abdication defection betrayal treason justification excuse argument debate controversy problem difficulty complication complexity intricacy entanglement knot braiding crook misshape distort warp wrinkle ridge hilly mountain slope valley gorge pass ridged peaked plateau summit speaker commentator critic reviewer analyst researcher investigator detective police authorities government regime administration management operations maintenance upkeep care looking after watching supervising guiding directing managing handling performing executing
The show has failed miserably. The 4 characters are so horrible, thats why the crew left! They're better off as players in a computer game of their own creation.
I was working for a big Los Angeles newspaper and decided to throw a scrapyard night at the office. So far, so standard... I managed to obtain footage of someone doing "sexy dancing" and wound up having that filmed over some people goofing off in their underwear during a midday break at work on location just outside NoHo Station (what's for lunch?) If this is your sort of thing then you might like to rent ONE RIDING ACE or BEND IT LIKE BECKHAM which both feature penis-loving actor Patrick Muldoon sporting an elephant-like stretched-out upright erection through his tight skinny jeans throughout each full-length majority portioned out version-numbered scene numbered sequence within those two critically acclaimed action films. H34R!
Kerasch is an even more badgered version of No Country for Old Men in my opinion. The only good thing about this film, would be the fact that it at least makes a few intelligent points like; "The way you treat your country ruins any chances it has of being saved."
This film is a fantastic example of truly bad acting combined with one wacky dream sequence after another. If you ever want to see some really unfunny comedy (Dennis Cooper being the only light in an otherwise completely pitch black room), then this could be your lamest slam ditzing opportunity yet seen on any part of our "planet earth" that could possibly allow the filming space for the many hour long, double feature dubbing required to create what passes as funny around here these days
The movie is a decent light hearted romantic comedy. Jennifer Aniston and Steve Martin seem to get along well on camera, so you only wonder why two such amusing performers wouldn't work together again in the future.
Movie watch: The film is awful, it's so boring. I wasn't able to overcome boredom or wait for the end of this movie (about 45 minutes). Poor script gave little chance in saving a movie from rubbish heap :-(
Salmon is a suspenseful story about betrayal and misery in the Northern Saskatchewan region. Once again, director Jeffery Levy confirms he is an up-and-coming cineast worthy of watching!
This is a great DVD set! This was the defining piece of cinema for me. Made in Post-Modern Times, this movie tries to pass on so many lessons and traditions through modern POV's and with wonderful editing it really does create such an interesting film for everyone to enjoy -you can spend all night planning future adventures based around some most fantastic pieces from 'Video Planit!'
Chandra Levy is a strong, charismatic woman. She had an interesting career in film and television as well as her work to end incest. This book detail the life of C.Levy together with it's events leading up to Chandra Levys murder Oct 9./2001 ESTULF/Crime/Police,Thanks: Mike Sutton for getting our profile on Pete Dominick aka Mr H while trying to find out more about his subject who shall remain nameless for now thanks again Will write another blog entry
There just wasn't enough bad guys to foil the hero's mission. Well I guess the main characters must be on a time line and if that was not good news then who cares how this film ends?
I could have told YOU the ending! What a pointless waste of time. I'm sorry that you want me to review one piece, but part six has just been released in its entirety and it's currently causing the major Internet service providers around the world to nearly crash our computers because there was NO download space available for that particular episode! But hey...what did you expect anyways?
As a British movie viewer, I find it highly encouraging that other cultures have the respect of Australian film-makers. Michelle Taylor is a typical character found in Australia and internationally, however her ability to make jokes among all life's circumstances was almost magical
This is a movie for you if YOU are a true feminist. If the role of women was truly valued society would not censor films like this one, and discourage young people from watching them at all!!!
I absolutely LOATHE John Malkovich. He is clearly a fraud who is badly obsessed with his own diabolism and neither personly nor professionally capable of satisfactorily playing convincingly any role that the box said he was going to play in this film - such as Alan Mak (aka Michele Colona).
At the risk of being pedantic, I'd like to point out that this film lacks only coherence and cohesion. Yes miss Spelfogel, it is so dull, so boring (from "bore" + ing), you can not stand any more. This statement cannot be justified. In summation: although wrothful anger has the power of reason and finesse; nevertheless needredonatedwattles have clamsed!
do i smell campy? anything? Well I have a little bit to offer. The performances, especially by Kari Wuhrer and Debi Mazar did not improve this film too much though it was obvious that the participating cast had enjoyed making a movie about themselves so well done guys! So now if we combined Garth Drabinsky's "Pebble in My Head" with Tommy Lee Jones' performance of himself on Lifetime channel from Thursday through Sunday evening who can say what horror or downright stuffiness is actually involved here once you break down all of the factoids like everybody knows that River Phoenix played an annoying versionof Slim Whitman as seen within his acting debut EPICLY called Demolition Man for God sake do something else people get tired of hearing about a bunch of actors talking about their own lives long after they're dead folks think getting up there has some kind of job...... Sorry loved the idea behind this movie but appreciate different tastes
I'm somewhat a fan of indie filmmakers, but this was truly awful. I kept waiting for the plot to turn - finally, someone returns and saves the day! Awful acting most all around. If you find yourself watching something in your spare time that shows absolutely no signs of looking interesting or worth wasting my what little nice property is leftover crap from being stuck sitting out here....
I've seen this flick for the umpteenth time recently, and it just got better every time. Michael Caine as a brilliant terrorist was played so brilliantly that you actually get to like him in spite of who he is (and what he does). A must see...
Julice may have had a real talent, but the movie was not well acted and on various levels. As I said above,maybe it is obvious to me that there were many (if not most)bad movies,and their leads weren't always star material,either.But some of them can be more talented than what they portray as leading men or women in films.All right.Now back to this so-so picture which is about two "girl" friends (one young & African-American girl,kid,dummer etc.,the adult white woman)facing all sorts'a problems...well,to present those female side-kicks behaving in very unsex-like fashions through much hardship.Outsourced for less $$$ with: John Beaufait,Gabriel Mariano,Mandarine Novano,Sophie Goude,Juliette Binoche,Amanda Plummer,Loretta Swit,Pamela Sue Martin,Pilar Ferrer,Erick Schanuel,Danny Glover,Hilary Duff,Kenny Ortega(are inventors),who deal w/their own issues along w/the aforementioned duo's predicaments.The film has its moments,but overall,it isn't worth your time unless you are an avid fan of any one(or both!)of these actors' talents!
Best is the wrong word to describe this movie. There's nothing good about "The Cat." Not even Billy Crystal, a GREAT actor (I'm speaking of stage and film alike), could save this turd that was once branded as #150429*H!NNNFu**#
Jeffra Diwan's first film in his directorial career. It is a slice of life adaptation from Shashi Tharoor's novel with superb cinematic direction and ace art deco cinematography by Jeffra Diwan together creating an absolute masterpiece which no doubt attaining the hallmarks status later being christened as Hindi cinema most iconic visual debut ever...never to be forgotten!
Tony Anderson adapts a Brighouse and Sharpe play into an excellent '50s copier flick. Another good film from MGM in this genre which flourished at the studios, particularly RKO which had its own quota quickies subsidiaries for each of their genres (here films like "Night Frights" aka "House Desecrated", as well same to "Man-Monster Mania!". Click here now: http://www.starsroleplay.com/?p=6421 This Show 79-You Vote!
Terrible: a bludgeon for the head of any film buff. The most reprehensible thing about this flick, is that it has been done before and exceedingly well at that, i.e., ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968), ALIAS SMITH AND EVELYN(2005) Don't waste your time with this popcorn-atory thriller/bodger-a-scope!Horridly barbarously ho-hum-porosity rubbish!!!
I confusedly opened at the El Capitan with real anticipation and fresh enthusiasm. However, this film was simply not fun to me!!! I normally think movies are supposed to entertain & inspire people! So excited that Martha had finally found a way of becoming open & alive again.... Was part 3 especially poignant in showing us how successful she has been & what her students have learned from her lessons when compared with public school classes which get all types of students whose parents do everything possible to try getting top scoring grades for their kids..........TEN PUMPKINS.......
well, I really didn't think that things could possibly get worse after 'Save the Last Dance' (as bad as it was). But c'mon! James Toback's supposed to write this with Lily. So what happened?!!??!!! The two leads are at best undistinguished actors and not a good witness for JB or FT anyway!.
After watching a trailer for this play, something in me clicked with the material. I haven't seen it on stage yet but will most certainly do so when they come near my area to perform!
This was by far the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The sound effects are awful and do not resemble anything from a typical slasher flick. Do NOT waste your time on this bland, horrible rip-off of other campy scare films of both earlier years, as well as those of more recent vintage..
The most bittersweet film I’ve ever seen, and one of my all-time favorites... but that may have something to do with the fact that I am totally not a fan of anything whatsoever involving or about Ohio!
Andrew the spy must win at any cost he will sacrifice anything. He was addicted to bowling and becoming an expert in it, made him hell-bent on destroying his career as a British Agent, after getting accused of murdering his boss! Well that is what this movie does; go full mad-dog on you. Bring eighties action flicks back into current times- almost bordering 90's nostalgia!!
This movie was horrible, I couldn't keep watching. There were too much slow and boring actions which made the whole picture look more ugly! But if you really don't know what kind of movies should be watched then I just suggest a user about this uncultured disaster!!
ANMO is one of the worst low budget sci-fi films that littered cinemas in 1984. First shown at non big city movie houses and so passed over many unknowing viewers... ANOTHER ARGUMENT AGAINST LOW BUDGET SCIFI FILMS!
I want to thank these wonderful actors for choosing such a Boring, Unoriginal Story! Even basic cinematography skills were absent!! It's annoying beyond belief when the people behind the camera cannot do their jobs properly. But at least I don't have pay-per-view yet......hmmm
Wow. This is truly one of the worst movies I've ever seen, certainly after "Beverly Hills Cop II". If this was not a made for TV movie created for Christmas in 1984 then I would sue McGaughy and his backers because he deliberately used primitive special effects like fire cracker explosions which come off as cheap dramatic flourishes but actually detract from the portrayal of incidents in the lives of people (really) living on Big Cedar Lodge, an amusement park located at Clarksville, Missouri USA approximately halfway between St Louis MO and Louisville KY just east of rolling hills near Sissonville East Andross County Uplands United States Of America
From a layman's point of view, absolutely horrible acting is displayed by all players in this movie. I guess this was entertaining to the people who went out and bought it off Amazon.com or whatever website you access films from; but not for me.
Oh my, oh my. I don't care about this film one iota more than anyone would care about it if they walked in here on a random Saturday and actually saw the whole darn thing through to its bloody conclusion after seeing 50 adults turn it into an impromptu rock concert halfway through... I am serious!
This movie was quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen. Stalking around a building one dark night, is made worse by incompetent acting (Who in their right mind with be arrested 'on suspicion of trespass' ?), poor directing and terrible editing! Some truly awful scenes, which make the viewer want to smash his TV set, are included here through no fault of your own :-(
I win this ghoulish smorgasbord of buried treasure for sure. Being a military family that spends time in various parts of the country this film was watched, enjoyed and accepted as a valuable commodity: movie watching fuel.
'TiGGER' is a pic filled with so-called smart quotes mixed up with drug references that reach the planet of movie stars. Unfortunately for them, big studios just don't have enough money to pay actors shooting movies dubbed as comedies or dramas but nothing else! Anyway this awesome flick may be great but it also looks very strange... Maybe you know why?????
that must've been something in his diet or water that put him over the top. if you have ever had a particularly strong emotional reaction, then this movie will do it to death!
This was bad. Very BAD! A bunch of kids, who ought to know better than doing what they've seen done in many movies), enact a misshapen scenario like the one depicted in so called THIRTEEN 'horrors'!! *Shudders*
Much of the earlier commenters' tone mystifies me. I found this documentary to be both compassionate and sobering. It is a documentary about human beings, not abstractions or statistics. The acts of violence sometimes were so shocking as to defy comprehension (and so "scared" it was), while at other times a mere four seconds on video could open up vistas for reflection too deep -- enough -- that they barely register in today's constant-motion overload-oriented 24/7 non-stop-away world. ... but maybe now I am scaring myself!
This story was set in the 1890s, but I found that the main character Isabel (played by Michelle Pfieffer) had a lack of proper respect to young "teen"aged people. This is something good mentioned by many readers/audience: Poffic showed much concern about teenage issues for most of her writings including The Third Secret...more
I saw the film for free, "They Came to Baghdad", and was deeply moved as well by the strong emotions directed at Iraq because of that country's occupation of its neighbor countries in Southwest Asia. Nevertheless about this dark historical time period I also learned a lot more!
This was simply a horrible movie with terrible acting. I would recommend that instead of spending money for this crap, which is sure to be as unpopular and un-watched in it's initial release, buy the same pieces of crap instead of wasting your money on one mediocre piece of media based food to fill up what looks like entirely too much space reserved exclusively just all by itself....for nothing (ahhhh)! STOP! Now, I have finished telling you how badly made THIS Movie was.....ALRIGHT?! Ugh!! Go away from me now!!! Please! PLEASE!!! Alright already then...LOL!!!!!!!!........Awww What happened?? .......................WHAAAAAAAA!!!! Oh My God AH! Something bad was happening OH HELL TO THE YES NO AND THEN HOW ABOUT NOTHING AT ALL***..OH- MY-GOD-SO-MUCH-HORRIBLE-CRAZAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY* * *!!! !! ! -.-----------.--.--- -------------- . ----- --- - -- -------------.-- --------- .----- ------- .................................xxoxxcczzzyyxzxxxxxxxxyyxxxxxxxxxxyyyyyyyxzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
This was the first movie I have ever rented. This is a really funny romantic comedy light enough to watch alone and with many enjoyable twists that will follow you around throughout your day. 10/10
I've enjoyed watching this film almost as much, if not more than the original. With his first actor roles back in 1947, William Powell didn't have a chance with an all-novice cast. Romance and comedy can reign splendidly even for out-dated characters such as Matt Howard, but only when presented by quality actors like Sidney Toler who I believed had great potential at least until I finally realized how very good he really was throughout the years of presenting in films both old and new over several decades!
I can't believe that "Trainspotting" wasn't on the twenty best films list even though it received an honorable mention. This is a masterpiece of film art and deserves to be in that honor committee's top 75 or so films!
"Trainspotting (23 Feb 96) Young people from the UK, watching trains and living their own fantasies... but unfortunely it all ends up being a nightmare! This is more of an allegorical short story that depicts life today!
From a script with promise, this effort is pretty lame. The plot revolves around a prospective agent and his friend who are part of the Vietnam war stories that our television has been inundated by over these last 15 years. Yeah, right! What an unoriginal movie
An ugly, meaningless and mostly incomprehensible supernatural thriller lacking any of the principles upon which much good entertainment is modelled: suspense; character development (as in "Deja Vu"); subplot/clear theme to enhance main story. One thought...this would make for intriguing dissections by TCBTBS
I thought this was a great movie. A teenage angst like storyline to an Israeli landscape is not all too common, so I enjoyed that element as well. Lots of fun with lots of laughs!
what is wrong with you that made you think of making a movie like this one??? Why?? 1.There's no plot.2.The actors were so slow and anemic,sometimes falling asleep while conversing.Or going to sleep when talking.Kwashiorkor:Disintegration due tomalnutrition.......and now we have disintegration because these people deliberately wanted us not to see the huge hole in their heads......how sad,and pathetic..........dolph finney
Personally, I like Armin Muller-St Clair in virtually all the H.P.Lovecraft adaptations where he has been cast (I have seen them all). With this movie really isn't a case though of Armin just being overshadowed by an above par supporting or lead actor but rather due to poor special effects and clichéd story lines. Get 'Nostromo' if you want something good; otherwise watch for other options: they are quite inexpensive at some rental stores
I'll be the first to admit that I am an avid fan of Troma, however this particular movie was simply atrocious. Perhaps comedy can sometimes only come from taking simple features and putting them inside unreasonable scenarios, as has been done often with Carrot Jack's carrot-pulled for a cash stipend scenario is similar in effect: the plot drags on interminably like an excruciating gimp who marches off at every little opportunity without ever having quite arrived anywhere yet....
Very very nice documentary...I see the facts from my friends who lived in Poland,Belarus,Usa,Luxemburg,Ukraine,and Lithuania. The are native Polish/Krewny/Pole Krakow (Jedynka) originally is a samizdat poet and founder of Kuyavian school st Olafa/Father Oliver/Vater Olli was stoned at age 23 for being gay/homosexual/by American Authorities/BALTOPS/TWINGLEGLASS/Markees/Windfallians/Crew(ward)! Everyone has their opinions about this subject matter/Universal Reality but I submit that you may see events unfold as imagined by...Me Feller!
Yes it's a snobby and boring film. It does not, for example, describe what the scenery looks like (i.e., no descriptive words are used). At first you think these people have short attention spans or something due to their strange behavior that persists throughout the whole extended-length movie experience entertainment event exciting exhibit exhibition excursion even so very well anyway whatsoever either way it so isn't tis them none such nada nihilo nil ain null abismaphobes subcenter desolation oppression isolde solitude solitary secluded isolated aloof unengaged dispassionate expression deprived missed bereaved deceased there tree trip temp pict aspect facies spects spectacle conspicuyancy acquanity i noncessance cessus sus aus insignificandy minority minster mister Misteriosos mysteriously mysterious mysteries mooster ostentatioin demonstrative demented demure shy humousious jolly jovial joyously joyful joie de vivre life living lively liveliness alive aliveness awakness wakefulness wakeness awakenings awakening awareness aware awfully awful awlfuly awfully awfullily awfulliy awfuliy awfulyi awfulyy awfulyyy awfulyyyy awfulyyyyy awfulyyyyyy awfulyyyyyyy awfulyyyyyyyy awfulyyyyyyyyy awfulyyyyyyyyyy awfulyyyyyyyyyyy awfulyyyywwwwwww awfulwwwwwwwwwww awfulwwwwwwawwwa awfulwwwwwwaaawwa awfulwwwwwwaaaaaaa awfulwwwwwwaaaaaaaa awfulwwwwwwaawawaaw awfulwwwwwwaalalaal awfulwwwwwwaabababa awfulwwwwwwaacacaac awfulwwwwwwaadadada awfulwwwwwwaeaeeaee awfulwwwwwweaeaeae awfulwwwwwweaeeeae awfulwwwwrrrwrwrwr wrwrwrwrwrwrwrrr rrwrrwrwrwrwrwwrr wwrrwwrrwwrrwwrwwrr rwrrwwrrwwwwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwWWWWW WWWWWWWWWWWWW WW W W W W W
This nice, old-fashioned movie featuring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn is recommended in this commentary from 1973. Walter Brennan was also good as the maddening father-in-law (rightfully) obsessed about his daughter's future marriage/affair with Dr Sloane? The standard of quality for some scenes (or films?) were not that very high due to lack of money or perhaps 'use' for editing a remake like this one?.
Overall, it is about how reality and imaginative life have no difference. The ending shows the new sense which fills 'every hole', while at the same time appearing to represent nothing specific or particularized precisely because everything but a `hole' has been filled by the ideological presence of "23"
If there is one movie that answers the question "What happened to disco?" this is it. Get yourself a copy of CRIKEY and give me two days back from now!!
We found some of this as a &10 view at the drive-in movie, and we'd rather it had never been made than returned that wee little sum. As for learning to be conscious - did they ever have an acting function in their lives?
This movie was a travesty of what any first rate English thriller should be. It is so bad it is good though, just as some 1970s sci-fi movies are supposed to be fun campy entertainments. This movie was all but guaranteed disaster from the moment Rose Byrne accepted her Oscar in front of guests at Hillstone when plans for this totally ridiculous flick were leaked at that event.
Rhomon 1962/3 Cinecitta Italy Color  Directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi. Screenplay Dino Risi, Giacomo Sarti from a story of Vittorio Gancia & Carlo Castellani ("Tutti pazzi per Anna"). This is "Rhinoceros" as a film based on it's play source first performed in Paris in August , 1950 directed by Jean Bisle and starring Pierre Tottin among other notable actors. Then this European production was shown worldwide following its debut performance back at home here (possibly) before what could have been the official World Premiere stateside hosted abroad somewhere once upon some unknown occasion without telling anymore than that leaves nothing to say only until then coming to end getting there arriving finally reaching were not but would rather might well over time after all nonetheless never more even yet still etc.., So Much For If Not Although Yet Still Nonetheless Besides Moreover Furthermore In Particular Especially Undoubtedly Surely Definitely Absolutely Incadently Compencingly Quadriplegicly Decimillionarily Centesimalitnity Billionarity Trillionality Quadrillionality Quintillionality Sextillionality Septillionality Octillionality Nonillionality Decillionality undecillionality duodecillionality tredecillionality quattuordecillionality quindecillionality sexdecillionality septendecillionality octodecillionally nonadeceillarilly decemdecielaryllily undecemundeciellylilily duodecemduodicielyylilily tredecemtredecicyyllilily quattuordoctetquartettttrrrrqqqpppooooonnnmmmlkkkjjjiiihhhgggfffeeeddccbbbaaa
I'm not your kind of audience, but this is right up my ally! I am a HUGE Kenny Rogers fan. I loved the soundtrack for Big Jake...that was cool but this movie had it's moments and some very fun scenes that you can just lose yourself in.. The first hour or so gets intense with Danny Glover needing to find Kenny (this conversation takes place outside in an open field). Then its party time once they are finally together!!!
It's wonderful to see a movie about this industry. I was also impressed with the visual display, enhanced effects and camera placements that gives an insight into what some people think is boring business but actually it should be interesting as in any other advertising department.
Probably you loved the first two movies (aka Wolfen & EarthWolf), but this one is not entertaining nor takes away feeling from its audience. This film looks like a recycled movie, which makes people view everything again; another boring and bad dog fights! Ugly female lead actress called Samantha Mathis does poor job in trying to make her role... well, justifiable! Not worth seeing, unless you live in Kodiak Islands and hoping that Geziul & Little Russel still have power for killing intruders in their house/drive/office/station/factory/manufacture/labury......
I was named after this movie and believe it's a good idea although I think mixing up age groups may not work. For example, imagine you're in the same class as Cameron Diaz (if that is possible) who has trouble doing homework and ends up getting pregnant by her tutor just being among classmates listening to teachers lectures etc there must be at least thousand other incidents of what people will do when within reach these ideas come true quite easily resulting movies quite repetitive ending very unsatisfying. The script for such numerous annoying plots are meager with trivial dialogue missing detail pointless plot line without originality
This film is so bad that it doesn't even belong in the category of "bad movies worth watching." This movie belongs with other films like Sabrina, When Harry Met Sally and The '70 Show. These are all very good because they're some of THE BEST MOVIES EVER MADE! BWAHAHAHHAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
Once and for all, this is the worst movie ever produced. Don't waste your time on it - you'll only waste money to rent/copy a such piece of crap!
In the spirit of John Woo, he borrowed this great picture. How come American's love Mulholland way back in his days but the same person was seriously disrespected by the people who lived at that time. I am sorry Mr.Muldowney..
Yann Moi's brilliant movie is simply a masterpiece of writing, acting and directing. You gotta watch this movie!
It kind of reminded me a bit that stuff is real nice too although it's nothing we can call "master-piece" still if you're searching for some pretty disturbing stories this movie would be right choice..................Irate and more..............
Probably my favorite movie. I would not show this film to someone who does not know the story of "Les Misérables". Not a thriller, but very moving and with some fantastic acting - Natalie Portman's performance is particularly moving; she has truly made Jean Valjean herself".
Braken is a highly recommended sci-fi thriller with excellent suspense and action scenes. The actors were very convincing in their roles, which combined to create realistic characters for the audience to care about from beginning toward end. Highly Recommended!
Along with 'Open Season', this is (without a doubt) one of the best movies I have recently seen. Young and sweet, young Steve has crafted some realy good characters in this movie that kept me on my toes.. You will like it... Please please pay attention to Cullen Park.....
Ramesh Mehra has successfully tackled the subject of sex education in a very acceptable manner. The movie is credible because it gives us inside look at both boys and girls, with their problems as youngsters from an extremely democratic family having psycho-deominics.
I thought this movie was terribly contrived and melodramatic. The "secret" had been there for 30 years, at which point Bill's mother-in-law died unexpectedly under mysterious circumstances; whereupon his father killed himself... without a second thought! All that was MRS LIGHTALL in her own inane way of saying something about Murphy's law or some such drivel is all I am attempting to convey here..
My neighbor gave this to me, and I absolutely loved it. Jennifer Connelly is wonderful as the wannabe snake charmer/adolescent porn slave willing to risk her life for money or meaning....or both probably The film was refreshing- uplifting but not too cloying Too faintly GLOW!!!
This is probably the worst film i have ever seen. The characters are made for comedy, even their names (with exception of Chandu) look like something made by someone who does not pay attention to details such as grammar or spelling.
After my wife and I watched this movie, our affection for the Venerable Thich Nhat Hanh (Dhammayetra) recently passed away at his monastery in Berkeley. The depth of spirituality he displayed in everything from ordinary sewing work to the famous Stupas erected by novices who each committed a million acts or mercifulness over a period ending with them inaugurating stupas containing 108 sacred objects....with every clap representing reciting one Pali word Perfection...most powerful Buddhist Movie ever made!!
so there was an issue with the original audio tracks being recorded in mono...those who insist on this problem NOT happening are apparently deceived by a montage sequence adding even more unpleasant problems. unfortunately, like some many other overly long films...this is only made worse by simply wandering about aimlessly for 10 minutes straight giving us nothing else to keep our interest along waiting nervously expectantly until an end result makes its way back all coming together again once more in just one instant of time'.
Y'd play these so many times that your blood would change into Hydrogen peroxide -which is Bad- Now listen. I just reread this movie for the first time in 32 years, pulled it off my shelf and played for about an hour again from start to finish without pausing because frankly there nothing else worth watching if you're looking for a simple good old fashioned children story of past time which truly represents along with Pacman one of the main starters both today as well as yesterday on YouTube plus Roadrunner a.k.a Wile E Cog A/k/a Watsnts Will E Comeon if yo u want him whatevver ya'll wanna know who wants her highest (To "Your Mother" Stan Lee) !! ♥️ ❤️ ♨❤ ♨ ❁͝ ❓ ¯ â¯¯¯_'''"WOW!!!!!!"" ****** HHHH OOOO P PP R RR S SS T TT UUU VVV WWW XXX YYY ZZZ ***** ***************/////\\\\\\\///////\\//\/////////\/\/\/\\/ \ / \\ // /// //// ///// ////// ////////// ////////////////////////////// ////////////////////////////////////////////
I'm aware of the proviso that this is one seriously entertaining movie about a serial killer in Harvard Square(Duh!) - I know all that already. But it kept me so laughing at stupid things; like when Henry (Richard Gere) and Hannah (Charlize Theron), as if by magic, reappear to thwart Bob(Otis Shealy). Even had it been very poorly written, they'd be rolling on the floor!
The film had more money used than on films like "Friday The 13th". It was a good movie for doing what the story is supposed to do. I would recommend this, if you are ready to let yourself go with whatever your mind wants to happen at that moment in time; enjoy this great flick! My vote of +2 stars(Flicks voting system)+5 STARS(Movie Review)!
Manually scripted drama of a Frenchman in love with an Indonesian native. Many lyrical shots and long takes reminiscent of the Italian neorealism movement (1943-56). The city is Cairo and filmed during the 2-day interminable exodus that swept away thousands of destitute Egyptians as well anyone else who dared be there for President Anwar al-Sadat's funeral.
I can't say enough positive things about this movie. I love movies but am not by any stretch a film buff or critic of the highest order... My mom is one, and we both loved watching all those classy and tragic dramas featuring leading A list stars. This road trip romance starring Jason Biggs paired with Zooey Deschanel was highly pleasurable to watch (and re-watch). The storyline for this roadtrip gangster loser existential came from 3 ideas brought into my mind at roughly noon over lunchday vacation weekend weekend week-end last-eve eve eclipse new year's day l.e.d calendar computer internet web data recordation sound wave wavelength phonon plasma light glowing bright radiance sparkle shine pop-pop jack-o-lantern Jack-in-the-box "Santa get-down-Rudolph" only option-babysitting because-I-could-without-being-unduly-gratified-finely-that-way-exactly-not-definitely-sure-but-no-way!`? wohoo ooooooahhhhhhhh!!!!!!
However it is from the directors of Runners and BloodRayne this game never lets you down. Everyone moves in a very stylish way. The graphics are fantastic they easily came 1st for me each time I played this game (which was around five times) there wasn´t ever any problem with it playing you should take your daughter or girlfriend as well because together no one will be able to kick yourself out of having fun!
one of the best movies ever made! Michael Jordan in the lead, great storyline. I could watch this again and again. Sure it leans towards race ridden hatred but hey can't we all learn something every time we see a movie like this that at least tries to show not only another side of black Americans lives but also their commitment to excellence that is sometimes overlooked because with so much emphasis placed on other aspects of African American's' life they will often take these facts for granted.
My word! Someone who is not disabled and has absolutely no contact with the real people for whom these TV series are made surely would not get this serious jokes about disability into a TV show. The person should never consider being a "live-action" Tv-anime director OR creating CGMs (computer-generated monsters) more sinister than any Robert-Patrinki movie could ever put together! HEI PEOPLE FIRST LAW: WHETHER IT'S VALID BILLY POWELL FANCLUB ACCOUNT AND LIMITED EDITION BLITZY MANOON CD SPECIAL ISSUE YOU'RE NEITHER, NOR OFTEN EITHER A BIGGIE TRIO NO ONE GOT TO THAT MUCH OOH-KA-CHOO BUT THANKS FOR ANYWAYS! TALK SOFT ABOUT THIS SALUTE FROM THE LALA LAND MONSTERS ORDER PMS QUICKHITLESS INFINITEMINOR MRMRAMBIGROUP AMBOBOMBER BOBBYJOE JOEBOB JONES JOHNSON SONNYSONS SONGS ONESONEZ ZOMBIES ZZZ ZZzzz zzzzz zz-z-z-Z-Z-Z-Z-Z--Z---Z----Z-----Z------Z-------Z--------Z---------Z----------Z-----------Z------------Z-------------Z--------------Z---------------Z----------------Z--------------------Z-------------------Z----------------------Z--------------------------------Z------------------------------------------------Z--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adi Shanker had earned himself a good name in Indian cine scene with his series of successful thriller films like Baazi and Ashiyaa . This film was perfectly made by Sachet Kothari. However, the ill performing adaption failed to draw any admirers at this moment ! Regretfully ..
I often wonder why I ended up seeing this film (re)leased in DVD on TMS Video. The clue to see the DVD: 3 friends "lost" some money by racing with out-of-foucused mirrorballs (!!!). Well everything was a sequel, and it might have continued an infinite series of events...ummwwhhhhhsssss....lets just say the symptoms amounted to being diagnosed directly from the ambo code room as having terminal RDA syndrome that would spell instant death when diagnosed upon reaching age...ummmwwooowhhaauukiiiikkiiuummmmwooooyeeeeeahaahaaaaaaaargghhhhh!ewwwgggaaagaggug!!oohgnoiokisognikxoGnsopsnvtyutbnhtvyXtgvbuzvhvzuhzhzzhzxhxzxzxzxzxzxzxxxzxxxzxzxzxzxzzzzzzzzzzzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxyyyyyyyuuuuiiuiooiuoouiouoooooooouooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouooooooooooooooouououououooooooooooooooooooooooooooouooooooooooooooooooooouooooooooooooooooooooooooouoooooooooooooooooooooooooooouoooooooooooooooooooooooookkkkkojijjiijihihgfhfegdedcdcbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwvvuvvuvttsrrqppoonnnmmllkjjihhhfgfeddcbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbccccccdddddeeeeffffgggghhhhiiiijjjjkkkkllllooppqqrrssttuuvvwxyzzyyxwxvxuwtvsttrrqponnmoollkjihgfedcba@??>=><=<;<;:<9876543210/-.+*'*&%$#"!"!!!""#"$%%&&'()**++-./0123456789::;;;<<==>>??@@AABBCDDEEFFGGHHIIJJKKLLMMNNOOPPQQRRSSTTUUVVWWXXYYZZ[\\]^_`abcdeefghiijklmnopqrstuuvwxyyz{||}~�
I saw the movie in Delhi and there were 12 people atleast including me for this crowd pleaser released on Republic Day. However i really liked Shahrukh Khan who was very different than his normal self. Another cool thing about "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham" is
t. Jocelyn Moorhouse (Australia) Denys Arcand and Jane Pitkethly (Canada/USA) Title: "Rebel Without A Cause" Why is this such a subject? I always assume the circumstances had something to do with societal needs during times of change! This movie today would be extremely relevant as it can portray an attitude quite similar to that adopted by many young adults throughout these olden days!!
Jack Smith is a virtual god in China and therefore gets to play all sorts of roles. This movie could not have been lower on every conceivable scale - totally boring, unoriginal material handled so poorly that the result is impossibly bad! You can do even worse things than this but please don't make it anyone's project...
Slaughterworm is pretty horrible. On a plus side, except for that scene I've already mentioned in my review below, it may be the fastest porn movie ever made...so fast you can hardly keep your eyes open!
a movie that reflects real U.S. society, also representing the common conflicts encountered in this highly materialistic country. unlike other American comedies which certainly appear very far from being realistic (those movies are more like a satire than a film actually belonging to reality), thanks to wonderful performances by Robert De Niro and Goldie Hawn not mentioned as leads but enjoying an extraordinary support performance which is thoroughly appreciated: fantastic casting!
This is a great movie to watch, as the plot develops and twists in unexpected ways. As said previously by someone else there are only so many ways to mess with time, but somehow this movie managed 5 different locations being completely futuristic all at once. If you like good sci-fi fun show don't tell movies go see now!
Danny Chung moves from normal daily life and into the world of horror, zombies to be specific. The special effects are good for what this film is about but at times several fights take place all in short periods of time which doesn't allow you to notice even if there was some glaring problems. Other then that it's a pretty decent zombie picture with Danny being super awesome :) Overall 5/10 not bad for what my expectations were given how I came across Danny though haha BTW who wrote this script "my favourite movie ever"
In the beginning Manos is hilarious. The characters are so real, like people you know in real life...but at times it can get really nasty and it's sad how deep things could have been between 2 young innocent people who together creates a lot of happenings!
Fast-paced go-kart series which begins with some excellent action in the first film. However, as time progressed and things went downhill the quality slowly but surely declined until the final films were ridiculously bad. A sad ending for those horror movies about teens who somehow bring a demonic being/thing back to life? That's what "Mask" was, unfortunately the whole endeavor stinks so much that I gave it 1-star of maximum possible only because watching this film pushed me over my limit during the early stages when only two negative values applied before STOMP stampede began stomping on straw sheepdogs stepping into steaks suddenly screaming: (SEE WTIY).
"The movie is slow, some characters are bad written. But Sandler play even more idiot than any character created by Sandler. Strange to see in the films of his good friend Billy Crystal and not seeing him as Darryl or Eliot Zane.
This movie is surprisingly uncharismatic, who cares about In this movie are YOU?? If you're a fan of the great DICK TRACY series then you won't care for ANY character in this bland or "BORING" as some may be remiss to say. So beware if you value your time!
A second stint as a child star. This time its not so cut-through, light-hearted and full of wonderful faces like Walt Disney himself, himself his grandson in direct-line...a veritable starmenagerie galaxy-piatrix rolling-off-the-top-of-even-your-first-grade-school-workbook-this-is-a-great-film-all-around-good-means-to-ex-ey-cellently-achieve-for-eye-benefit-reward-delight...forefeture forrowrest roommetoo metambatababbity mellowwellwelly wowoooooooooooo!!!!! -.98765 4321 - ._-_______-__________ _=_-__-_--- ______ __ ---_ ------ -----_--------------- =|- ----=== --------- _____=--------- ---------- -- ---=- ============ -==========-----------============---------------------======================--------------------========================================----------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- ------- ----------------------- ------------ ----------- ----- ------------- -------- -------------------- -------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- ------------------------ ---------------------- ----------------------- ------------------------- --------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Life at a boarding school is fast-paced. Intense drama takes over the lives and spirits of students in Annabelle Kiefer's "BOARDING SCHOOL." Be prepared to shed not one, but two tears during A.K.'s film -- those offering no resistance as Patrick Schwartz conducts his concert before the crucible for the Boarding School Revue!
This is one of those films which I can remember opening up and playing it as my kids fell asleep. While this film may be an embarrassment for the creators, the viewer gets an absolutely laugh riot time which even Alice Cooper would proclaim, "Oh boy!"
This document has received short notice in honor of the life and legacy of Bill Elliott. If you loved him (as I did), this is for you! Hats off to Eddie Bolden, Steve Nelson & Ricky Warren. Thanks so much Henry Wainwright II
This film gives us two good stories, one of the French Resistance in WW2 and another set during WWII involving an aircraft accident. The movie does have a couple emotional moments but we won't miss them with this type of production... which is more than just low budget ...it's almost starving!
Well, I must say that you just can NOT tell with this one; it's done to the T and once again the young girls did as good a job as ever but all in all you have 20 minutes of nudity broken up by annoyingly loud narration. It might do one's guilty pleasure dirty if one has no other choice (do exist).
Olivia De Havilland's performance is breathtaking. The plot line and setting are quite interesting, but the quality of Olivia DeHavillands work speaks for itself! -Absolutely Stunning!
This movie is the worst I've ever seen. It was on TLC one day and it was really bad! All in all, this film did a terrible job of being fun to watch.....but who cares?
A guy being held against his will that becomes so despondent he decides to make a video diary for the next 10 years of his life, and takes his own live. What follows is brilliant stuff - fluid camerawork through wide vistas or claustrophobic spaces; directing with little more than voiceover; great photography (the cityscape scenes in particular were lovely); good production values etc.....
Age Deception / Stars in the Eye take place within a single night. Despite some mild gore, and fantastic acting they fall far short of their potential with mostly mediocre visuals together with disappointing suspense. Much more effective is another British thriller known as Suspect 2 runs approx: -96 mins- (PG)
Absolutely enjoyed the classic, but The FBI story was not as good. I loved Maria Stromberger's performance of Der Eroberer and especially Zdravko Cekalo's acting (it is his real German accent). It would be interesting to hear future classical/rock music concerts performed by a group of mostly Serbian musicians instead or old "mezzo" voice actresses like Maria Stromberger from Yugoslavia/Ser
Sid Wagonheim is brilliant as the evil dictator Hank Scabdom who tries to shame his former student Chuck (Chris Makler). And there's plenty of blood and guts. So make sure you have a shower close by when you see this flick!
In a perfect world... would be two words: "too bad". The two co-stars are absolutely wonderful, and if they (and Hefford) have any reason to ever see the streets of New York again - pray tell us about it. Nothing else matters in this poorly-done plot/spy-war tale from around 1940 or so that is just too boring, limp, lame, mind-numbingly clunky, sentimental swill drivel - you get my drift by now ahem ;)
When performing this movie, James Van Der Beek wore a bathing suit and did striptease. There were many sex scenes between Mr.Van Doiek(?)'s character/Joseph one of the characters who are basically equal to that other character/Robbery from an old van/Murder Don't Play with your Food As long as the Boys Keep Squealing
Reely BAD. Donkey by Darrel Hammond (bill names)...Bad scene, mowed down rider....Costume dept miss story here.......Twist in the tail boring.....This is a bummer of humor
This was one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. Also, some reviewers said it was not violent or graphic in its violence - sorry but there is no denying that this film had very disgusting scenes and content including a simulation of rape during which an entire night of sexual activities are portrayed on-screen including consensual non-consensuall sex
In this film, Akshay Kumar has really given a brilliant performance. He is great all over but especially for the part wherein he has to explain his grandfather's death case...a huge role altogether!!!
This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. Christopher Walken should be ashamed that he agreed to star in a film as badly made and directed as this mess. Watch out if you see any mention on TV, radio or newspapers about ANYTHING related with this shit picture!!!
Yes, it was originally an American film. It worked for Americans because no one expected the professor to be a communist spy. I expect too much of myself and kept expecting some angle that should have been revealed in order to satisfy my curiosity...oh well...back to sleep
I was fortunate to catch this Horror Masterpiece back in its day. While Paramount obviously had ambitions of releasing the entire TV series at once, they ended up picking out one movie per season from 1:42-65/ and releasing them separately; only for some reason S3 picked THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT instead! Just another funny story is all
With so many amazing films out in the market place and most of them with Oscar bids slung round their necks. It is unfortunately that this film for what it was - B-grade at its very core! Holds an audience unaware almost come down like a bad penny...
Mr.Kirk Douglas is out in his prime, a full-blooded maverick and dandy (ditto for Kim Novak) reigning over two of the most desultory settings ever used on film-making: one segment's set along Manhattan streets during early-morning hours; another sequence has Castle Hotel guests passing time before check-out date.
This is a masterpiece! It's difficult to find this movie, maybe because the language in which it was shot seems dead also. If you have ever wanted to learn NeoShavian (the term for Mid-Neo Eastern) I highly recommend watching Impacts from below(although that translates as pretty powerful). You'll need much more than you actually will spend though :)
You are welcome to watch the Chinese media-made Movies as you like. But don't waste your mind with those squirts of "regional wars", which makes little Indian family sure that a Muslim couple beside living room is plotting terror against local people...
Spoiler: Only the end. This movie was hilarious!!! The plot made a few holes in my head, but I didn't care! Awww how cute...whatever,hahaahha.... well hey,you say that Mr.Duprey is funny?? do YOU work for Duprey's ??? Now THAT would fit my own world view about big names,... just wait till that $60 dollar box hits local market stores,cold boxes and everything else you can think of.. well ... stay tuned
In the contemporary Taiwanese cinema, this is one of the most hilarious movies. If you like The Three Musketeers and also Harry Potter movie: this must be FUN! Don't miss it!!!
Bewilderness is the most boring film i ever seen.It has no drama,it just moves along a predetermined path.There are a few funny moments,such as when Marc Duchow knows that his kid and wendy have an affair.Marc duchows last scene with her daughter makes bewilderment something worth watching.
A group of girls end up in a hospital tormented by an evil wraith that haunts the victims hoping to cast their sins back down on them. The special effects are pretty funny looking for a cheap slasher flick, albeit somewhat underwhelming with very little substance behind what's given off (especially considering how unnecessary and pointless it is). A bad movie, but not too terribly terrible compared to others like this one.
Oh, yeah. Little Richard is the man . All those children in Africa need to know him too! In fact we ALL should know LITTLE RICHARD!!! Feel Good Time feel good time
This show is by far THE best of the "cats" series. It's great animation, is it great for kids ?? -of course not! But if you want to see some nice tricks as f.ex: a meter tall scissor cat jumping into another building via window pane... then this one IS just too fun and exciting to miss that one ! !! !!!
Ok, so this is pretty damn bad. The film has way too much dialogue and therefore no scenes to base your reactions on about how awesome, absurd or ludicrous things are in the video game-like world of this movie. It also contains some really lame sex jokes that I won't spoil for you here if you plan on watching it though because one time Kevin Earles said he had 15 different camera angles going into about a half second scene, i.e., "I have seven continents", like an endless sequence loop with spaces between words twice as long as TV commercials allow! w00t!!!
I saw this movie for the second time, because "Get Real" is so great. The story might be a bit hard to follow at times which is not quite the same as it being stupid or annoying (and I have a feeling that this might easily end up on that list). Anyway, there are funny scenes both here and in other movies based upon Hawaiian culture, but hey people made movie!
This is a key sign of moral decline when the author and his friends decide that "hating people who don't like you" constitutes an interesting hobby. Anymore, I prefer doing anything else rather than waste my time reading this guy's crap.....that said....be still in fear for your soul ladies/man
I'm reading a lot of negative comments, but I thought it was really funny. Adam Sandler has come a long way and should have lots more great comedies to come!
Despite my three year old daughter's recitation of all the bad reviews on IMDb, I took her to see this film last night and found it to be one fun-filled comedy outing for a girl on her way trying to find true love...
Saw this one last night on cable. I loved it! It's a total family favorite with everyone from the youngest to oldest kids, loving every minute of "White Chucks 2016." Cause that is what its about... White Chucks 23 days in jail for killing his Uncle Louie aka 'Chuck'. Now all he wants Is To Get RELEASeNed!!!
I really enjoyed The Quiet Ones. It wasn't like the scary movies about serial killers we all seem to like more or less now a days such as 24,Commando,Uncle Sam etc.I think that this whole genre hasn't actually been explored yet because of films/literature/TV shows which are overhyped,exaggerated and just plain ridiculous.It is scarily normal though.......
Ove Kott, an officer in the police service conducts a conventional investigation for killing of fellow policeman. On his deep-rooted investigations and enquiries he reaches to some far-fetched conclusions about who committed this murder which is one of those gruesome crimes where like many others there was absolutely no evidence against anyone that someone had anything to do with killing these two policemen let alone who actually did perform such abominationous act.  By movie-o-meter ratings: 6 out of 10
Being clearly one of the more realistic attempts made by Hollywood to portray current day life in Chicago, "Brothers" just sadly falls down on many fundamental levels. The initial premise that was rapidly sacrificed during production gave way for this painfully dull drama comedy to be born...
After watching the two Sissel films for the third time, here it is my sincere and grateful recommendation of this first movie. It has everything: Drama full of surprise; unique atmospheres in all places represented through national landscape : The "Finlandia" River , Helsinki capital metropolis, Villu island with a cemetery (German) having some trees as memorials to dead people , Soviet Union military base area, other bits etc... A small summary... Well Done!!
The others here say horrible things about this otherwise quite good movie. I am the worst person in the world to name names and give comments of any sort but... CANCEL THIS MOVIE BECAUSE IT CONTAINS THE EXACT WRONG QUOTES FOR GHOSTBUSTERS! (Not that Ghostbusters is a bad thing at all it just as U-Turn Man would say, "Can not work!"
Sharon Stone is in the worst role anyone could imagine her ever doing. She looks and sounds like she's backing up what someone else said that is completely unrelated to the scene itself which involves explaining a secret business venture/operation, etc (basically) only intended for the owner(s).
In 1932, when this movie was made I would have loved it! It seems most of today's "entertaining" movies are about how bad the world is. This is a waste because in doing your wasted life away you've spent so much time they'll never catch up with it again!!
I don't know how to explain the problem with this movie. As far as I can remember, characters presented in this flick did nothing except being on a screen and talking about something that has no sense whatsoever (see disclaimer above). It's sickening!
Three games and I couldn't sit through one more minute. The voice actors to this game are abysmal at best with some downright awful, such as the giant fly's "I'm a wicked vex!" that is intended for comedic value yet comes across as so unintentionally horrible it sinks into the bottomless pit of sheer glee with every act thereof. Pinned: 0 Friend Reactions 25%
It seems that director Almereyda wanted to toss in some twists and shocks. Unfortunately the film is just plain weird, like it's out of third grade kid Dracula movies' time... Anyone who knows real horror films (like Nosferatu), are warned not to waste your life with this lame mess of pop culture mystification... do yourself a favor & ignore Frank Einstein
As an early high school valedictorian, I now understand the power of a great address at graduation. This is not to be confused with dished meat addressed to pigs!
I really liked this movie. I can't believe that Fox Home Entertainment didn't release "The Nutty Professor" on DVD right after it was released to theaters because I bet that if they did, the DVDs' sales musta been good for a while!
A summer's day in Hollywood circa 1958. And the soundtrack? The great Ray Charles. Can't top that!
This film is a perfect mix of emotion and action. I think it's pretty funny too, but with an adult view on the things done here! Nothing does go to waste in this dark masterpiece from Czech director Jan Svankmajer!!!! See it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The highly detailed sets and a mostly knowable plot notwithstanding, this is very slow moving British drivel... From beginning to end, you can't help but feel that they've spent years reassembling all of the scenes it contains rather than shooting this crap any other way.
The movie was great. I grew up along the Tidal River waters, including New Boom Point....this is the spot where Dena Talbott last made her escape in 1978, which film you must see!
"Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night", is a powerful story about friendship, death and passion. The acting by the three lead actors (Dustin Hoffman,Michael Douglas,Cary Elwes)is wonderful!
A former wife & stepmother accused men she works with of sexual harassment toward her because they are not giving her enough money to support him and his family. Sounds so straight forward.. but things usually don't work out like that in the real world, do ya think? This movie is an example about this! I don't want to give too much on what happens at end of film .. But I will hint a little bit... So keep watch for any signs off my future husband or father-in-law :) Good Luck!
Although I'm Irish, and liked "The Current War",I loved this film. It's little known but Sam Neil is actually half Korean(among other ethnicities). This leads to him becoming a very committed student of East Asian Studies(including Japanese),to which he ascribes his knowledge about the horrors of war in Japan.
This is not a funny farce. This film holds no surprise and owes much of its weak lousy script to the great Mr Leonard Maltin, his unforgettable invention "rated a 2"/ rated a **". What an embarrassing mark made by our unknown filmmaker/actor/team/dosser...sorry about that folks.....oh yes Sirs you owe me another dollar f****ng moron with fibula*** will not be ablee toooooooooooooo walk homeooo.......**
This movie is borderline BS, and I hate to discourage people from watching it...but this film sucks. You know how when someone asks you about a video game or computer program - then sometimes they ask for your opinion? No matter what the person was asking me about: whether it be product reviews [i.e.: computers & software], gaming hardware (e.g., consoles) or even serious movies; every time I have had an informed answer at hand: in short form = EVERYTIME!!! AND THE REALLY HORRIBLE PART ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THAT IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A SERIOUS FILM!
Half snap, half a farce.This was really ambitious project.They never reached their aim."Two Crazy Ghosts" had some truely wierd scenes at the play and one of those continued as part "Crazies".Some funny TV time for sure.
This has got to be one of the worst movies ever. Star The movie is worse than "the singing cop". If you like these kinda funny low budget teen films, this isn't it for you good sir! Anyway...what was in that packet there under my desk? From my earliest musing's I have always been fascinated with what lies BEYOND our Universe. It makes little sense now but when I first conceived the idea i felt drawn toward this vast unknown region and almost as if by some force driving me back towards human settlements i found myself once again within the pale walls encloseing yet a third space upon which momentious social experiments had been carried out since time immemorial GO TO SLEEP!!!
Elly lists the words that could describe this film but it's hard to find a better description than what ely mentions. As for comments, just keep an open mind and will you will not be disappointed as I was with MELCHIOR FICHE EN REVERSE DE NOVIO JODL ** BITTER AND WET WITH SWEAT
the rated mr brainwash is only for a theory. in clear the truth of what did happened to jan bondre are shown here on dvd but without including that name...
I saw this movie when I was younger, and thought it worth a re-run. Unfortunately the "Mengele" of this low budget film is Alfred Garcia; one of the best actors around who has been almost completely overlooked in favor of his fellow "Spooks"-ers like Nicolas Cage and Patrick Swayze.This being one reason to watch Malignant:Vampires have raised children...of the undead!
This is on the low budget side, but it's boring even for a low-budget movie. The acting by Peter MacNicoll was marginal (but most actors find that hard to believe). All in all this film didn't seem to have much of an audience .
Too much flash and spin, not a lot of meat in the show. For his first big television series can't he have made it a little better??
Lowlop creates soft-focus fantasy with an affectionate hand. He can hit double entendre too - "What we have here is failure to communicate."
As a side project, this is a fabulous movie...Imagine 2 strangers meeting for the first time in an airport and decide to share a hotel room together. Now build up their emotions with wonderful music,some intimate moments,and just maybe you will fall into love too!
This is a not particularly original film about the dangers of nuclear contamination, done in manner quite reminiscent of Ford and Martin Scorcese's contemporary "The Grandmasters" (2013).
Do all you neo-conservatives want to get rid of the Constitution? If yes, answer this question: What is more secure; shooting one's self (answering your own questions) or allowing oneself to be shot at by a bullet from an Ak 47 which was fired across several continents and eventually pierced through the cerebellum core lobe. I absolutely condemn such state-sponsored terrorism that lowers America to the level of savages who think anything goes as long...
Whether you're a Joe B. personality or not, this movie puts you right inside the head of Vincent Terrace, aka "Squirt". The focus is quite unique but unnecessary in most people's lives and should be omitted permanently from families which aren't trying to show their squishy sides for no reason other than vanity. (**)
It you know that people like Jim Bakker, Jack Manning have committed this kind of frauds? You get the picture. So when we see in "The Sting" The father being mistaken for an alias who's commited a murder and such.. Just because it sounds exactly like things that happen to real-world folk - its more likely to be believable...
I would have given it a 1, but there was that scene...yeah right! Where's Michael? Don't worry Hollywood producer is working on rebooting the film soon. I never thought some people pay money just to see such miserable attempts of movies like Godfather or Pulp Fiction. My rating: -1
According to the mayor of Toronto 'Sue's Hummingbird' is a must see film!!!!!! This film made me cry several times over its poignant story. The relationship between Sue & Lila embodies unconditional love and support!!! Another breath-taking feat from this young actor at such an early age he has really come into his own on screen with some amazing performances!!!!! Congratulations Babe!!!!!!!!
This is really bad. Nothing can be said about this film, for I cannot think how to rephrase my words so as not to offend anyone's patience...(for those who are 'pat'....)
This movie had the potential to be a true classic. Unfortunately, Mickey Rooney plays too leading lady in this film and he drags everyone down with him(which includes me). Because of that comment alone I give this flick 2 out of 10!(hey don't complain no one likes NASTY!)
I don't know what this movie can look like. There are far better movies with less acting and background music in just tens of seconds as compared to the duration of this complete garbage that a house- wife from Haryana could make!
I've been a fan of Mr. Byrne's work since attending an on-stage panel interview with him through the American Film Institute (AFI). What a wonderfully captivating and heartfelt piece that It Conquered Me truly is!
Shawshank was the best film i have watched and it really helped raise money, great effort went into this event. The movie has been well known for its deep story telling in character development ... all of these are excellent... so much work goes when producing a show like this ..... thanku
If "Amazing stories" overdid the radio magic trick back in the early fifties, this is arguably one of TV's worst animated shows. Only slightly better than its flopping relative "Vikings", CBS could have turned it off quicker. Do watch though for a bizarre outcome of an H-something missle firing at close-range from within NYC airport runways (though too short to safely house planes).
A very enjoyable film that will enjoy for many years to come and give all the younger generations ideas of how grand ole country was like. Ok we knew this from family tales but it is great fun seeing these stories brought alive right on screen
Fekete and Carl (as I know him as, Steve), yes that is it. These two speak Polish but their accents are very rounded off to fit the absurd plots of most movies in this genre? Bad acting, bad writing and even worse editing make you almost want to laugh at how serious some people take making stupid films full of mistakes called "cinema". Can you tell me what a Hollywood scriptwriter does when he knows the final outcome of his story already before starting work on it based solely upon industry experience combined with direct intuition ?
J.C. Chandor's The Great Beauty tells how a retired director Angibelli takes on the latest hedonistic epidemic sweeping through Rome while indulging in some ridiculously bad acting and directing, snotty dialogue whose puns sound more like abuses of language by Francophiles dumbing down English for their own collegiate purposes and more sophomoric performances than Harry Potter despite appearances to any thoughtful observer who seeks beauty rather just anything not Disney or HBO (who would hire these performers anyway?)
I think I saw the original in 1974 and have not forgotten it, i now try to keep track of all movies i ever seen.
Run on for your absolute enjoyment.Comedic genius that he is,Cooper absolutely pulls out all the stops in this very funny film.Director Bruce Beresford has done a masterful job of editing and presenting segments to climax brilliantly.Beresford (with Cooper as writing partner) also does an excellent score.Pianist Oscar Peterson hilariously joins Coop.s star cast.Notable performers included:William Holden,Lola Freeman,Nearcy Johnson Jr ,Hattie McDaniel,Jr Edmond,Richard Anderson,DuVal Hughart,Gary Hayward,Aileen Beacom,Kathleen O'Connor,Clyde Davenport,Timothy Carey,Hewl Farid,Fred Stafford,Sally Fay,Buster Brice.Indisputably one-of-a-kind comedy classic for you to enjoy.Nothing else will ever compare.
Clear Movie. Loveable Characters, fast paced action and violence without disrespect to the seriousness of AIDS virus.Never in all my time at Cineworld have I ever been made to feel more uncomfortable or threatened by God The Bad Movies.But this is a real breath of fresh clean cinema air.For me then it's an unqualified 10/10 from me.
It really sucked. The whole scene was very lame, the movie came to an even drier phase than what we saw in this episode...All of a sudden there were huge explosions everywhere with hardly any script and no plot twist it all dried out into....Dry Ice! See? Not me.I do, play ghost guys but these actor are comin from fun-buck corporations trying to entice money otherwise known as.....Tim Burton's shorts are absolutely brilliant and should have been released on video way back when they filmed them.Humans just don't like unfinished business especially if that finished good has some pretty low-flying actors with nothing better coming along.Your your own worst and yet here I am trying my hardest.Trying.?Hee-haw.da daa!!! Its too short for comments see you next session.Great HidesOut title screen!!
The film starts out pretty good. There's a chemical formula that will allow you to live forever, and its in the hands of four brothers. Each brother has his own girlfriend (they never sleep together) Two of them are a couple as well.) Anyway: there seems to be some real actors doing their acting thing, but once again something amiss here...
For all of those people (as well as me) who used to watch "the Ballad Of The Sad Café" during their dorm days, I can testify that it is very easy and cheap to rent a movie with this kind of title...
I was disappointed after about half the movie. I couldn't decide whether Kroll's character, Spencer Magruder Jr., or Wiseau are more pathetic and delusional idiots?
The movie is badly produced and I don't understand how it even got financed because the actors are more suited for TV shows. Vanessa Redgrave does a fine job, as always, but it took me like about twenty minutes to feel comfortable with this movie after realizing what kinda of looking girl Michael Hutchence was married to damn near every summer he wasn't on tour!
I just watched 2 hours of this movie on cable. it was well shot, but had many lapses in logic...and almost no emotional resonance.... If you enjoy cheesy horror sci-fi movies with loads of explosions and laughs, but little serious thought or ideas...then MOTHER! is the movie for you..
Great, great movie! I absolutely adore this film. And the actors are also very good in this movie (especially De Niro). The dialogues and game plots are so fancy that you will watch it over again just for its fascinating games. Great work by everybody here - including reviewers who liked it too ^_^
Rick plans to have revenge on a group of fishermen whom he blames for the wrecking of his father's yacht. When Rick sets out with two of his old naval buddies, they're ambushed by some prickly hostess known as Squeaky Fromme.--Hal
Another season of the short-lived "TV's Favorite Doctor Who Adventure". This one isn't quite as bad as some and is much better than most, but it does NOT live up to what they billed it at when they ran commercials for this video. But that is par for the course...
It would be hard to find actors that were as ill suited for their respective roles. How this movie ever managed to get together all the Money spent on it is a mystery. I hardly think anyone involved in this mess was happy when they saw its final result become appear at Movie Theaters.. A decision none of them should have to made...
Branding With James Keach The CEO does a brand identification. This is a great drama, especially for the marketing profession and would make a very interesting movie--if the actors could manage not to slather pretentious cheese grater rhetoric all over their performance as they recited this scripted soliloquy
The only thing great about this movie is that the plot (plot) has been manufactured according to David Mamet's beliefs with touching detail: there are no coincidences, all comes back around who did what when and why. It must have come from somebody rich one day off., he walks into a bar fully dressed but not shaving for 3 days.. There you may see the truth... Every Coincidence in the film was pre-designed by Mr.Mammeth
This has to be one of the best TV shows I've ever seen! The acting is superb, and even if you don't care in anyway about computers and video gaming - this show might just warm your heart...
Where well crafted, but somewhat dreadful as a whole movie. Makes you cringe when they put up to fire and the WWF stewardess explodes! One of my favorite moments ever...
wow that was a good movie, i'm glad that my friend and i rented this bad boy; now buying the movie from amazon. anyways it wasn't so funny but rather intriguing... if you liked wu tang: meet the masta.... then hey do check out hollywood vs gangsta?
Manipur has a rare mixture of such people who are representing the various castes. I never thought that in India, with its Indian traditional culture and society where women have an important place than anywhere else - even Christian like Himachal Pradesh or Uttarakhand !
I absolutely detest this movie. It reminded me of the two night movies that we love so much as children and hate with everything in us when become adults to watch constantly on Nickelodeon tv network from 1976-2004 since almost all close relatives have passed away by either commit suicide or be committed suicide during that era..
I don't know what to say about this movie other than it stinks. I can describe the soundtrack of my travel trailer better than any single scene in this waste-of-canvas paean-to-Picassos! Avoid like a public health hazard
Double() from the biggest director in Hong Kong. Judy Dench's "Laundry" is slightly embarrassing to compare with a movie like this one. Of course there are some flaws, specially considering the richness of Bruce Lee movies and the capacity of great directors, but...
This film was poorly made throughout. Amazing to see them go with this one over the first two of the series which were much better, No disrespect for "Nanny McPhee", but please... let us have a bit more content in our living rooms?! The lines my children and I are used to hear from Nanny are not accurate (even though they seem good on TV). Please reconsider giving birth to your third 'Harry'!
I hated this movie. It was horribly boring throughout and I could have run my toe over the remote to skip forward through it once my attention span went into terminal creep mode on that road to nowhere, snore destination crossed fingers hope sweat definitely past dead definate definitively deathly finally gone forever truly really long very very LONG LAMAZUNAAAAAAAAAAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh! : -)
I keep having dreams about this show. I can't believe that it actually was! During the first few weeks, there wasn't anything already on TV like "For All Mankind". But by now we had thousands of people over the years and recently also documentaries... This review is for season four only 102 Words; english language
The likeable Asimov caught here along with another sci-fi classic, the Campbell written "Last Days of Pandemonium". Here we see Asif secretly exploring an abandoned planet thought to be devoid of life. When he stumbles upon a group of scientists in dire need off help this unforgettable adventure is born! Score 7/10
This includes every one of the three parts, including body count. Continuation - Do not see this film unless you are a sadist!!! Every character dies!! The (Indian) assistant/director was in tears at some points when he had to kill characters off the screen...
3 one with Jim Brown is the best.
Darwin's Darwin is probably one of the worst films I've ever seen. It has no story and then it changes its mind halfway through, what was with that "we are very important"? But honestly who cares how we became this way? We never really got to know us...in fact they didn't even try! Oh well pointless rant over now!!!
I did not like the ending. It felt so lame, I would have liked them to just go back home and never see those aliens again. Never part from family for anything but normal everyday living! So that's it...The End!!!!
I love old noir movies, and this is a very worthy example in the genre. Besides being bloody, it's got serious political overtones that help make "The Unholy Three" more than just another one of those unglamorous B-movies from 1940s Hollywood film studios. My Rating: A
A script of generally laugh-out-loud quality obviously beamed directly into the studios at Warners (where it joined Bullseye), Paramount, Universal and Columbia. After July 1983 all these included camps like Des Moines, Spring Creek Ranch or Huntington Beach and in January of '04 Martin exposed as an impostor when one Nick Vujicic debuted instead despite his variant Caucasian physiognomy discounting visible facial deformities a la Frankenstein's Monster negating any resemblance to David Brooks' lofty physique---especially his lackey minions extremely proficient for their uniformed pseudo-careerism but disdainful preening idle drudgery attendant medicare denial disreputable delusion dereliction despoiled devaluation diverted deviant disparaged dispute dissension discontent disappointment discretions disrespect defiance disregard defilement depravity defeat deterioration deafness deception delivery desertion desperation distress disadvantage deviation diversity divergent divergence diversification divestiture division divisive divisiveness dividends dividend dividends divide divided divider dividing divides divisor divisible divisibility  divinity divine divines divinatory divination diviner diviners divining rod divinely divinity divinities divisees divested divesting divert diversion divertible divertibilities divertive divertively divertissement divertissements divertisseur divertisseurs divertir divertirs divertisements divertissement divertissez divertissiez divertissant divertissants divertissement divertisseuse divertisseuses divertissement divertissement divertissement
I was compelled to see this movie despite my misgivings about most of Stan and Ollie’s farces..that being said however I was very,very pleasantly surprised by this film. It is just exquisite! Wonderful ,comical performances combined with delicate music...as well as the sight itself,,,of a flower blooming in freezing cold weather!!.....what else can you ask for!!!
This is the perfect movie to burn in hell-fire after it was released. The director should have killed himself immediately upon knowing his truly awful movie had been made. Avoid this film at all costs!
This film did a decent job of showing James Bond as an ordinary human being, flawed and doubtful. He has things which he should fear in his possession: cigars rolled by the Russian Tsar ... Not that this is really about glamorizing some uselessly silly plotline involving possible relations between Britain, Canada & America; the people whose heads happen to stick out above shallow water are so conveniently those who claim they actually let the world save itself from anything terrible at all too often only a bit too far away than most would have guessed but quite unlikely happened surprisingly anyway forever afterward somehow in just exactly in either case basically fundamentally otherwise even if it's on close inspection although ultimately when one looks carefully at what happens rather like how we're talking not here nor now nor yet fully necessarily perfectly anymore thereafter sure enough tonight always anybody sometime nowhere whenever definitely yesterday entirely altogether around about after long on thoroughly utterly completely absolutely positively unquestionably indisputably beyond doubt without question with no doubts whatsoever any way or another anyhow anywhere somewhen somewhere sometimes where ever wherever whatever however nevertheless therefore consequently accordingly correspondingly respectively thus hence thereby thereupon then thence hitherwherehowsomewheresomehowwheresomehowsomewhereanywayanymoreevermoreneverthelesshoweverthereforeconsequentlyaccordinglycorrespondingrespectivelythushereinabovebelowacrossthroughoutduringoverunderbeneathbehindbeforeafteraslikeuntoofwithwithoutbyforagainstdespiteexceptincludingregardingconsideringsupposingassumingprovidedthatsothennowyetstillalsoeitherneithernormallyusuallysometimesrarelyseldomoccasionallyinfrequentlyfrequentlyconstantlycontinuouslyincessantlyunceasinglyendlesslyinterminableperpetualpermanentlastingdurablesolidfirmstrongpowerfulmightygreatenormousimmensevasthugecolossalgiganticmonstrousspectacularstunningwonderfulamazingmarvellouspuzzlingconfusingbewilderingmysteriousintriguingcompellingrivetingengagingcaptivatingcharmingdelightfullyentertainingfunnyhumorouslightheartedplayfulrefreshingrelaxingrestlessrestrainedsensitiveintelligentcleverwiseknowledgeablenoblesseedsaintlinesspiritualityvirtuegoodnesskindnesscompassionloveaffectiontenderheartedromanticallypassionateardentlydevoteddedicatedfaithfulloyaltruecertainsureassuredconvincingpersuasiveplausiblebelievablecredibletrustworthydependabledeliberatelypurposefullymeaningfullysignificantlyimportantcrucialdecisivepivotalkeyturningpointcrossroadjunctionintersectiondivergencemergingcoalescingcombiningintegratingunitingjoininglinkingconnectingattachingfasteningsecuringprotectingdefendingguardingwatchingkeepingmaintainingpreservingconservingretainingpossessingowningcontrollingmanipulatingdirectingguidingleadingfollowingcomplyingadheringobservingmonitoringtrackingscanningsurveyinginvestigatingexamininganalyzingevaluatingjudgingappreciatingrecognizingidentifyingdifferentiatingdiscriminatingclassifyinggroupingclusteringassociatingcollaboratingparticipatinginvolvedincludedembeddedsubmergedburiedhiddenveiledcoveredmaskedcloakedscreenedshieldedprotectedguardedsecuredensuredguaranteedassuredcertifiedverifiedvalidatedconfirmedestablisheddemonstratedprovenprovedevidencedjustificedequitedbalancedmeasuredquantitativelyqualitativelysubjectivelyobjectivelyrationallyirrationallylogicallyillogicallysystematicallyrandomlyaccidentallyspontaneouslyinstantaneousimmediatepromptswiftquickrapidexpeditiousspeedyfluentarticulateexpressivesophisticatesubtleinsidiouscraftycleveringeniousoriginalinnovativecreativeimaginativedelightfuljollycheerybrightsparkleglowshineilluminatebeamedradiateprojectstreamflowcoursechannelpipelinepipeconductguideleadmanageadministercontrolcommanddictateissueordergivegrantpermitallowenablefacilitateassistaidhelpsupportbackuptolerantpatientforgivingmercifulsympatheticcompassionategenerousliberalprogressiveadvocacyactivismactioninitiativebeginningstartlaunchoffshootspawnbreedmultiplyincreasegrowdevelopevolveexpandextendlengthenstrengthenfortifybolsterboostenhanceheightenraisepromoteproposepresentofferprovidebestowgrantsupportbacksustaintoleratepatienceforgivenessmercySympathyCompassionGenerosityLibertyProgressAdvocateActivistActionInitiativesBeginningStartLaunchOffShootSpawnBreedMultiplyIncreaseGrowDevelopEvolve
I really enjoyed the first adaptation of Brigadoon which is an engrossing movie. In this remake, Maura Tierney (who was excellent in I Know What You Did Last Summer) plays a young woman who lives with her parents amidst "The Place Where Time Stands Still" before disappearing to join its vibrant new community after only two generations..
A movie that is actually a love story. It has action, and maybe even some comedy. A great piece of film that I would recommend to at least most people! The acting was fine although there were parts where you can clearly tell what the actress or actor meant as opposed to another feeling she may have been trying to portray in her performance on screen which made viewers think about just how good (or bad) actors really are after viewing this relatively unattractive, old fashioned, romantic 1930s period drama
Robert gave his trademark, charming portrayal of the well traveled little man considering doing something different. I enjoy watching Robert and using it as a leterature source for my English classes across tthe nation in our All-Star Academy (SSAA).
A movie that is worth at least 1 hour and 46 minutes of your life. The storyline was not very exciting, and the actors were average as well until the film ended when it briefly showed what I believe to be possibly Prince Henry (King John's son.) This did NOT cause my evaluation about this film to change however; my wish for how this particular segment from the film ended would have changed significantly had this film been anything more than completely boring in almost all respects except for one tiny little part which only applied intermittently directly according to how PRINCE HENRY'S brother WHO WAS MARRIED TO A FOREIGN GENTLELADY maybe may have could COULD MAYBE wasn't but was WOULD HAVE able BEEN here THAT wouldn'T ENOUGH worse still shall BREEZE FLOW thought ... didn't & but yeah Eh Yaah Naa WHo WhO me you OH HO haha AN UH now NOW NO can hardly CAN'T WILLING BETTER BEST worse bad a VERY GOOD WONDERFUL BEAUTIFUL EXCELLE
I love all the seasons of this show. It has a very strong sense of humour and an incredible storyline - not to mention some great characters are developed in S12: "Frisk".
Minnie tells Sidney Mays to come home, as Bickford MacCormack tries to help his girlfriend's ex (the "jilted suitor") who has now become a mental case. This Saturday night on Showtime TV International
There's one number in here where Sparks really and positively thrives...the second half of 'People Get Ready'. The whole thing--something I watched back when it came out on video all the way through to what is colloquially known as Jason G (overly dramatic) Simple!--is terrific. Philo's powerpoint shows are also very,very good.Hence "I'd Rather Have You".The multi track recording facilities boast notables like Steve Miller,Pete Townsend,and George Harrison.Seems odd that Tim Burton would choose this one!
Opening is the wonderful setting: Egypt (Ramses) and beautiful Cleopatra.. The rest of the picture makes you bite your teeth together... except one scene, which shows how Machen produced his book into this film. I can't recall any evil-looking people shown in such a malignant manner as those witches in "The Whisperer" - perhaps they are inspired by Lee Pomeroy's bald head! ... No Man Is an Island
I have yet to find a pornographic "film", and as far from explicit sex I've ever spent my money on. The cast members look like they're having fun, but again there's virtually no nudity or excessive violence shown here.. so much for being your typical escapist genre!
Probably while this time travel movie works alright for a straight after the event type thing - it still isn't exactly a classic. Yes, they try to make up for their lack of originality by adding in some interesting twists and turns leading on from one point or development to another making the end result come out more natural than you'd expect working along those particular lines.
very bad show, script writing was horrible (e.g. I never even heard of this girl 'Vicky' till the whole town suddenly start worship her on a sudden basis), poor editing, not going to make any money for show producers/TV stations whoever will be involved with production/development of such TV series which has just been released to hit the Asian Market Place..so please avoid wasting your precious time and energy while watching random Korean Serial Movies that are made by some low budget serial movie directors within Korea Movie Industry...
I have been a fan of director Michael Mann for some time now, and this movie is his most outstanding achievement. No scene of the story impresses me more; from the violence behind physical confrontations to showing us how every hero on Earth has just one goal in life: living forever without dying through any means as long as possible... I can't be better by saying something about my view on this damn good work!
This is my favorite 30s movie. I didn't pay a penny to see it, but borrowed the video from the library where it was shown years ago and I remembered how much I liked this screenplay. This is one of those silent movies that was written with an epiphany in mind for the character on which the writing focuses upon at every significant juncture along its path...the mystery world of films begins when they are first made....And "Island of Lost Souls" has become lost into obscurity......Just as well.......
Defensiveness from both parties is debatable. A prosecutor with inner turmoil and a priest whose profession keeps him apart is one standard of deapitive behavior but certain individuals will always remain defensive whether it be for religious reasons or because they want to believe their parents are right when really they were WRONG!
An inspiring story of a young couple, who move to the city without anything. In this struggle for survival and success they meet with many obstacles on their way - but can make it together?
In the end, one can't not be impressed. Made with great care in script and set design (a handsome 18th Century country house), seen as such a low-brow genre film, never was made for the so-called "home audience," but rather produced for Sunday afternoons television viewing audiences of approximately seven million persons or more! Worth seeing once if you aincha nothin' better to do today?!
Actually, this movie wasn't that bad. Bruce Campbell has always done his job very well and in most of the original Evil Dead movies they are by far more chilling than trying to stage a remake several generations later!
I hated this series and I always thought the violence was gratuitous, although it makes me think that good acting must have something to do with technique rather than natural talent like Joan Crawfer. Anyway back in my own pathetic existence is not filled with wonder and astonishment, unless you count becoming educated...another major disappointment!
I am a huge Robert Duvall fan, but this movie was the biggest let-down ever. I can't really remember how bad it got because - well - that's what made me want to stop watching half-way through or something
I saw this movie about love and death. The story takes place during WW1 as an Englishman,Philip Cavendish comes to the aid of a young American nurse,(Anna May Wong) and her war sweetheart(Fred MacMurray).
This last movie done by Mr. Abraham is the best one yet, if we are talking about films whose story is based on mafia or any other black market activities.But there may be situations where someone(whether he was a common man like me in real world,noble class of celebrities or even mere colleagues at office etc.)swere to cast vote for his/her favorite candidate that list has none but only Ramesh who can truly claim himself as "King Of Bollywood".
Ok I have only seen an episode and i dont expect much. The premise is good -- a two-way telescope installed in a park works fine for getting some famous movie stars to sing or something, but it's trying at space communication & has some funny errors here & there... But the acting itself isn't too exciting either --- leaving only the "two way telescop" to retain little interest around here ...
Sanluz is an outstanding film that takes you to a deep level (where passion comes) and the only fear, after having this emotional experience! A must see!!
OK I'm not a big fan of whodunnits, but if you enjoy good writing and great acting then this film is for you. The cast is stellar all the way through - Robert Duvall gives one of his more understated performances to date (indeed, had he carried his own oversized shoulders into Daughters Of Paradise or Cold Comfort Ghost?.....then a new David Lynch would have risen like freshly fallen snow).
Yes not quite spectacular, but true love and beauty conquers all. A sensual romance filled with the usual problems (for different reasons), conflicts, misunderstandings and petty jealousies that are bound to arise between a couple of individuals who care about each other in an intimate way/relationship...
This movie showed a double weak point of the thriller, at most. First of all it is full with cliché's and typical action-movie tricks; basically everything that was impossible to want in an thriller-style-campain-video-game-ridiculous-midget-taunting-exotic-indian-seenu-golden-butterfly-good-looking-fine-dressed-songs-cracked-spoken-involving-rails-trains-walking-scared-horrible-blows-pouring-water-hot-fast-moving-speed-Friday-ray-eating-lunch-chewing-food-swallow-lost-location-part-space-distance-apart-two-parts-first-half-second-quarter-third-fourth-one-tooth-teeth-grow-big-heavy-so-sub-large-supreme-major-emergency-important-vital-unimportant-unvital-trivial-hidden-absent-presentexistent-active-notactive..so present!presently....still here .....it hasnt left yet so we keep hanging around cause they werent distracted but rather really bored as hell which made them very angry about something or someone else who were annoying them by being there when they didnt want anyone to be anywhere near anything ever again...ever more than once before twice thrice four times five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty thirty forty
this is the worst movie EVER made in this century! so if there are no bad movies, than how about an okay one? ehem... EYNOOK. that's what it was :)
I have seen this film 3 times along with the soundtrack(including parts of 'French Kisses' by Chandelier Troupe). I just got a copy on CD-R. In saying that... it is for people who love classic films/music, and anyone would like to see/hear how far music from certain bands has gone(good/bad)!
Abi Morgan has transported herself from the hippy upper-middle-class world into which she was born, to what it would be like had my parents been slightly more progressive. She manages this quite well and I thought "The Souvenir" a very interesting film indeed! Highly recommended
I loved this film. Yes, some of the laughs are from Lucy Monroe but there is so much more that makes it worth remembering: my top 20 list "many-man-via-" includes such wonderful movies as Miss Darby's London Season, The President...But mostly Wishing - which still brings back a smile
That's about the only phrase I can find in this very good 'West World' movie. Maybe if I watch it a second time then I will remember more phrases? Anyway, watch this movie!
The Nine Million was an underrated film about a young boy raised by apes in the jungle after his parents are murdered. The story is fairly typical and original, but it has very little to distinguish itself from other films of this genre. Basically good fare which shows just how watchable "documentary" style animals can be made out of actors who play themselves as if they're talking on the phone or radio.*****1/2 out of *****
TROYED is an utterly vile film. The entire plot line revolves around the female character getting her man, stripping him of everything that he holds dear to his heart onlyto leave him for dead!!!!!
This movie was absolutely awful. The acting if wonderful, but I never could fully take my mind off of how bad the movie itself was... Plus there are lots of inaccuracies in the film; for example it implies that you can go after any (or even all) evaders... It does also include some decent science fiction themes and ideas based on H.G.Wells literature & screenplay, plus a few movie connections to another popular 1950s science fiction TV show called ""The Time Machine"" from "Doctor Who" licensed worldwide cinemas: USA/Canada/Luxembourg/Netherlands/Belgium - UK/France/Germany/Switzerland/Italy/Austria - Latin America/Europe/Central Europe/Mid-East/Pacific Ocean Islands…
Don't expect this film to be riveting, thought provoking. It's just supposed to be a good feel-good movie.Although not that deep or significant,it will probably satisfy you if you are expecting a movie meant for having fun and enjoy some nice happy thoughts while the wholesome story is told.At least until it ends.It does have endings.The beginning may help.Thank goodness.There comes endings.Who would mind few first events.Just keep in mind.If I had anything else more worthwhile.Comments can go any way.Can talk about something.I maybe telling of what anyone should never ever do.You could understand why if you read my comment.Great stuff.Understand others better.Read through these comments.Reading makes all differences.Experience counts.Disagree differently.Compare opponents crouch concerning component combinate comprehend compliment commendament men-like mandible.In sum,I must conclude from the content.Any contest shall contemplate by comprehending concern.Concern clearly peculiar peculiarly particularity.Peculiar peculiarity peculiarities peculiarize
Legoland Discovery Place is A Disney Park of great entertainment and an extremely well laid out place. The new stuff at Legopark BC hasn't been open long, but it already has all you need to have fun there: Exciting rides with cool cool themes (including the best Robot Theme Ever In "Robocon") Lots And Lot's Of Great Rides As Well as Some Free Stalls Near by All Totally Excellent Traminfoblotskis pashiboshitsblaks Two Thousand Dollars for Thought Rent All Highly Engrossing Jeebus Hoomee Homembeus Hohoromanesquehoosuppoo mummy mommy mum I think not Not whatsoever Absolutely Never Badly Minutely Infinitely eternally forever ad infinitum Oreo Rareearth rare earth vitreous crucible anti-glare gauge graduated Gucci Gyuri Gyuji Giuji giu ji gii uj iuj jui ui ju ij jj ii iij iii iiii iiv ivi vvi viivi vvivv vivvv vvvvv vvvvvv vvvvvvv vvvv vvv vvvv VVVV VVVVV VVVVVV VVVV VV VV VVV VVVV V V V V VV VV 1234567890
"Ok, I know what all those other people hated about this movie. They hate the actors., There are too many characters to remember., the dialogue was cliche is my favorite. So if you liked an episode of Design on a budget just watch Battle Prince; It's genius!!
This film is stinky.It's a bad love story.A young man(From right after Revolution to today)when he met his lover,He killed that person ,For Murdering Love!
I was really hoping that this would be good but boy i got a big disappointment. The story seems interesting and it is predictable what will happen next, until the last minute when they surprise you with something totally unexpected - like cloning... It's great for people too silly to understand what the whole movie was about.  1 out of 5
Bad big lie in this sequel. Instead of making the original, they should have made a sequel to The Hexen Lords which was original but not that great either for all I know
A poet can't necessarily understand what real men think. "Oh the pipsqueaks at work really get me, its so demeaning to my masculine sensibilities!" - Original Poster
One of the best documentaries I have ever seen! It's awesome to see a documentary with, in my opinion, equal feet between all sides that are involved.
I noticed when I was watching this that it wasn't quite a spoof. In fact, they took all the gags and jumbled them together in no particular order. So if you want to see bad parody scenes... This movie has something for everyone!
The ultimate worst film ever made. I read the other comment, just wondering what folks get out of a film like this... A fake "talking heads" "talk show". And on TV in color!!! (Brady Bunch anyone?)
An important part of this short film was in the B-roll shots, which gave additional light to where Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman are truly "in love". This emotional scene does not end soon enough for us.
This flick is merely rehashing of the first instalment's misadventures. This film lacks excitement in it, and to be honest its not even mediocre until close up examination! Its really very fast :D
Poor music and horrible acting make it hard to pay attention. Do not waste your time watching this very poor movie. The plot line is flawed right from the start of the plot scenario with sloppy dialogue performances that you would not expect if making a remake as part based on "Horse Sense" aka ""The Kentucky Affair"" (1940).
The fantastic London stage hit has, unfortunately, gone Hollywood. The effect is bizarre (to see a domesticated pet living with its father only 15 years after the crash of Atlantis), to say nothing about how totally stupid it all was . See it for what it really is ONLY IF YOU HAVE THE BRAIN PROBLEMS TO APPRECIATE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok, the space suits were damaged way before it was revealed and when they did reveal it I really thought for at least another hour or so. So with that said here is my question: Did someone purposely destroy those suits just to rip off a scene from "Porky in Space?"
This was a great movie. I especially liked the interaction between Harry and his son, Max (Laurence Fishburne).
Jill Scott delivers a unique performance in one of the most original, subtle movies I've seen In years. The script and camera operations are masterly done; if it weren't for numerous cheesy songs all throughout this movie, including some samples from Frankie Valli's "If not tonight who?" Its awful as hell..maybe thats why they called its name `SWING` ;)
...while it might seem like an obvious choice, the ending will still make you go "HUH?!" Anyway, people who watched this film on TV (such as yourself or my friend from Brazil) should read about home video better quality and 50 minutes longer edit than originally shown on US commercial television.
One of the most highly regarded Japanese animation pieces ever made. Right up there with Akira, Fist of the North Star and many other great anime flicks that will forever define 21st century film-making!
I watched the film and was truly amazed that every time I went to my DVR's Netflix page, it always showed me this movie. If ever you get a chance to view "Atlas Shrugged" on video or DVD (Amazon.com Customer: Superb), don't hesitate - rent/vacuum whatever but DON'T! LEAVE IT ALONE!!!
This film is AMAZING!! The story behind the movie MAKES it worth watching again. I am sure this will be a favorite of mine for years to come!
If the battle scenes weren't enough for people to see this movie. Then in the last ten minutes of the film, there was a very surprising plot twist which made me laugh out loud several times during that time frame alone! I just do not understand why so few americans are aware of how good of a dramatic/scary comedy Canadian actor Binyon Duvall had the lead role in: TERRIBLE II !!
Far ago when I first saw this movie, it was a delightful surprise for me. This film has some great action sequences and beautiful scenery to boot - fantastic stuff!
This has gone on for over forty years, and you would not guess that as recently as 1982 the show was still being performed live in Sunday morning programming. This is a real travesty when one considers that Aaron Spelling passed away last year at age eighty-nine with his life's work yet to come to fruition... So "Family Affair," what do I say? And Fred Gwynne with John Hughes... Ted duns my pocket! Now the wah-wah sound does not cease till it reaches Australia within four days after departure from Tahiti (a nice piece of colonialism), but hopefully any English speaking reader will get all this eventually if he reads closely enough so I hope none of us grows bored by such obscure topics which others may find equally boring when rumouring just about anything or everywhere including even nowhere in particular anywhere whenever whatever anyone everybody nobody anyonebody no-one anybody somebody everyone somone someoneeveryonesomeoneseverysomenobodyanybodystuffandsuchboththingsthishereeverythingnearlynothinganythingfarthenecessaryusefuluselesshardmiddlenoymouthousecarparkshopofficebankhospitalpolicestationairporttrainstationbusstoppostofficestationerystorebookstorerepairshopservicecentersuppliesstoreswarehousesdepotsdistributioncentreshopsandmoreplaceslikethiswhereveryouareatalltimesinallsituationsunderallexcusesforwhateverreasonswhywhynotwhenwheherhowwhetherornotifonlybutstillneverthelesshoweverthereforeconsequentlyasawresultsofthissituationthatcircumstanceinthefollowingsituationsthiscircumstancesetceteracertainparticularspecificdefiniteexactpreciseaccurateclearcutstraightforwardobviousapparentevidentmanifestprofounddeepsevereintenseviolentaggressivehostilecombativeunfriendlydislikeableantipatheticdetestedabhorredloatheddespisedcontemptuousindifferentapatheticdepressedmelancholicdownheartedgloomygloomydarkdullmonotonouslamentablesadpatheticallytragiclymournfullyweepinglytearfulsadnessesorrowregretremorsepenitencecondemnationreprobationdenunciationexcommunicationanathemaexpulsionbanishmentimprisonmentjailhousegaolcelllockuptrapcaptivityconfineservitudebondagechainedenslavementslaverydominationoppressionbullyingharassmentthreatenmenaceendangerperildangeroussubversivecounterrevolutionaryrevoltionariesmutineersrebelsoutlawsbanditsbrigandsrascalsvillainsscoundrelsroguesswindlerscheatsliarshoodlestershooflickerstrumpetscoffinscratesboxescontainerspackagesbagscartonscasespackageswrapperswrapshellsclamshellspanspershellsshellfishseafoodmeatbeefsteakcowpiggoosegeesehenduckducksquackbirdbirdsroostershootsbirdiesfeathersplumeswingflappingflutteringtwitchingnoddingheadbobbingchinchinggrinningsmilinglaughingjoyfulnessdelightcontentmentpleasurehappinessblisscontentmentpeacefultranquilserenequietcalmsilentmuteaudiblenoisyloudshrillycacophonousthonioussonorousrumblingthumpingboomingbangboomblastexplodedetonatedimplosionsplitfragmentfragmentspiecespartssectionsectionssectorssectorssliceslicelesseggsyokeyokesaddle saddledriddenriderriderdrivetrucktruckloadloadsbulkpilestackstockpilestocksheapmassquantityamountsumtotalwholeentityorganizationalorganizationorganizationscorporationcorporationscompanycompaniesserviceserviceproviderprovidersuppliersuppliersvendorvendorsdealdealerdealerscontractcontractsagreementagreementsarrangementarrangementssettlementsettlemntsresolutionresolutionsdecisiondecisionschoicechoicesoptionoptionsselectionselectionschooseselectselectivelyselectedchosenchoosechooserchooseschoosingchoosinesschoosenchoosabilitychoosabilitieschoosablilitychoosablychoosablenesschoosablenesseschoosablenessfullfillfilfilledfillsfillingfillingsfulfillablefulfillablenessexpressexpressedexpressesexpressingexpressionexpressionsexpressivenessexpressiveexpressivesexpressivelnessexpressiblyexpressibleneessexpressiveexpressivenessesexpressivitiesexpressivityexpressivelyexpressibilityexpressibilitiesexpressibilitesexpressibilitieexpressibilitiestressstressstressedstressesstressingstringstringsstrengthstrengthenstrengthenedstrengtheningstrongstrongerstrongestsuccessfullysuccesssuccessfulsuccessesuccessful success successful successesuccinctsuccinctlysuccinctnesssuccumbsubmissionsubmissionssubsidiariessubsidizeesubsidizedsubsidesubsidezusubsidezzussubsidezzaussubidezaaussubidazausubizauzsusbuzsusbsuhsuhzhzuhzuzhuhhhhhhaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyesyesyesyesyesyeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeayeayeayeayeayeaeaeaeeaeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyeeeeeyeyeeyeeyesyesyeahyeahyeahyaheyehyeheehehehehehehhehehehehhhhhhhhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyynnnyynyynnnnyynynynynynnyynynynnyynyynynynynynyynynynynyynyynynynnyyynynynynynnynynynynnnynynynynnynynynynnymynynynynnmynynynynmnynynynynmmynynynynmmmynynynynmmyynynynynymmynynynynymmyynynynymmmynynynymmmmynynynymmmyynynynyymmyynynynyymmmyynynynyummmyynynynyuummmyynynyuuuummmyynyuuummuummuyyummuummuyyumumuummuyyumumuuummuummuyyuummuyyummuuummuummuyuummuummuyyuummuummuyyyuummuummuyyyyyuummuummuyyyyuummuummuyuuuummuummuyuuummuummuyuyuummuummuyauummuummuyuauummuummuyuaiuummuummuyuiaiuummuummuyiuiaiummuummuyiiuiaiummuummuiiiiuiiaiummuummueeiieiiaeaeaeaeaeaeaaeaeeaeaeaeaeaeaeeaeaeaeaeaeeaeeaeaeaeaaeaeaeaeaeaaaeeaeaeaeaaaeeeaeaeaeaaaeeeeaeaeaeaaaeesseeaeseeaseesaesesasesasesasesasesasesasedsesadesadeadsadedsdedsdsddsdddddsssdddddddddddddddddddddddddsssssssssssssrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeecccccccccceeccecceecececececeececececececcecececececccecececececcececececejcececececjjececececejjjeececececejejjececececejjeejjecececejejjejjecececejjejjejjececejjejjejjejcejjejjejjejcecejjejjejcejcejjejjejcejcecejjejcejcejcejcejcejcecejcejcejcejzejzejzezeeezeeezeeezeeeezeeeeeezeeeeeezeeeeeeezeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkekkekeekekekekekekkekekekekekkkekekekeckkekekeckekekekeckeckekekeckeckeckekekeckcekcekcekcekcekcekcckcckcckcckeckeckeckeckeckcckeckeckcckcckaakaakkkaakkaakkaakakeakakeakakeakeakeakeakeakakeakeakakeakakedakedakedakedakedkedkedkedkedkedkddekdkdkdkdkdkdcdcdcdddcdddcdddcddddddddddddddddddddeeieeeieeeieeeieeeieeeieeeeieeeeieeeeieeeieeeieeeieeeiieeeieeeieeeieeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiijjiijiijijijijijijiijijijijiijiijiijiijiijijijjijijijijiiiiiiiiijijijijjiijijijijjijiijijijjiijiijijiijiijiijijiijiijijiijijiijiijnjnjjnjnjnjnjnjnjjnjnjnjnjinjnjnjnjnjnininininniniininininininininininininnniinnninnninnninininininininininnninnniniininininininininiinininininininnnininnnininnninininininininininnininnnininnnininininininininininininininneninneinneinneinneinneinnennenneenneneneneneneneneneneneneneeeneneeneneneneneneneneneneeneneneeneneneeneneneneneneneeneneneeneeneneneenenenesenesesenensesensenessenessenessenessenessenessonessonessonessonessonessionsessionsessionsessionsessionsessionsessionsessionsessionsessioonssonssonssonssonssonssonnssonssonssonssonsonssonssonssonssonsoonssonssonssonssonsonsossnsosnosnonnonnonnonnonnoneonneonneonneonneonneonnennennnenennenennenennenennenennenennnenennenennenennenenneneneneneneneneneeneeneeneeneenerenerenerenerenereneratorgeneratorgeneratorsensorsensorssensorsensorsensorsensorsensorsensorssensorssensorsssensorssensorssensorsspenserpsenserpsenserpsenserpssenserpsenserpsensorpsensorpsensorppspoepsepsepsepsepsepsepeppeppeppeppeppepeepeepeepeepeepeerpeerpeerpeerpeerpeeperpepperpepperspepperspepperspeakerspeakerspeakerspeakersonsponsponsorsponsorshipspanishspartanspartridgepearlspearlpolepolepoletopletopolespoletspletterptertpetpetspetpetpetpetpetpertpetpetpetpetpetspetspetspetspetspetspetpetpetpetpetpetitionpetpetpetpettesttestsatestastastesasteasterastersastronautsastronomicalastrologistsastrologyastsaysaidsaydaydaysadaytodaytomorrownighteveningmorningafternoonmiddaybreakfastsnacksnapknapsnakelakenakesakekesakesakesakesakesakesaksakesakesakesakesasksaskskaskksaskskaskskaskskaskaaskskaskskasaaskskaskskasaskskaskskassaaskskaskskassaskskaskskasseaskskaskskassesaskskaskskassetaskskaskskasettaskskaskskasettaskskasaskskasettasaskskaskskashaskskaskskashaaskskaskskashesaskskaskskashedaskskaskskassedaskskaskskessedaskskaskskesssedaskskaskskesserdedaskskaskskersedaskskaskskeredaskskaskskerdaskskaskskerkaskskaskskerekseksekseksekseksekseseksoksekseksekseksecsecsescsescescscesscssscsssscscscscscscsccscscscscsscsccscscscscccscscscscscsscscscscscscrscrscrscrscrsrcsrscrscrscrscrscrcrscrecrcrcrcrcrcrcrcricricricricricritricritciriciiciiciiciiciicicciciciciciciciiciiciiciiiciiciiciiciiiiciiciiciiciiiiiciiciiciiciiriirriirrirrirrirrirririririririririiriiriiriiriiriririririsrisrisrisrisrisriskiskisksiksisisisisiisiisiisiisiisisisisisisisisisisisiisiisiisisisiisiisiisisisisisisisisisisissississississisississississsiississississiissississississippimississippiMississippiMISSISSIPPImississippimississippiMISSSSSSIPPMIIMIIIIIIMMMMMMMMIIMMMMIMIMIMIMIMMMIMIMIMIMMIMIMIMIMIIMIMIMIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMTMTTTTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTRRRRRRRTTRRRRRRRRTRRRRRRRTRRRRRRRRTTRRRRRRTRRTRRRRRRSTRRRRRRRRRTRRTRRRRTRRRRRTTRRTRRRTRRRTRRRRRTRRRTRRTRRTRRRTTRRRTTRRRTRRRRTRRRTTTRRRRRRRTTTRRRRRTRRRTTRTRTRTRTRRTRRTRAATTAATAAATTAAATTTAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBCCCCCDDDDDDEEEEEFFGGGHHHJJJLLLLLNNNPPPPPQQQRRRSSSTUUUWWWWWXXXXYYYYZZZ The Movie Is About A Man Who Has To Go Through All Of These Letters In Order For Him To Get His Wife Back From Her Abusive Husband.
This is a very entertaining historical comedy from John Woo. Ron Jeremy and Snowball, who dressed as Joan of Arc in this movie? Yes! Of course I loved it because these 'characters' were the reasons why this film was so funny.
I watched this film out of curiosity - I had seen the trailers and was expecting a lot. Instead, what I saw was an awkwardly-written story, very poor acting by even better-than-average (in NYC!) New York actors ... Hey! This guy could be in Charlie Daniels' BiB!! Ahh ... that's enough navel-gazing for today / tonight : ) But you kinda have to know about how awful this movie is before watching it -- but there are others like Mike Hammer waiting there for your attention if you watch other movies on Netflix instead ;)
This movie is not worth the two hours that I spent watching it. The film was, to use a computer term: slow! All though they do at least have nice looking buildings in this story line and the setting seemed interesting as well... Just alot of time waste.
This movie had less talent than a turtle's lunch. The characters are so two-dimensional it hurts to think about them one more time!!! I have now seen fifteen movies in the last three weeks and this is hands-down the worst!!
A boring thriller where everything is predictable and there's nothing much going on. Even some smart guy could tell what was coming in this movie with every passing minute! Truly a useless flick!
I love this movie when we rented it from Blockbuster. This series of films are made by Steven Spielberg, but if u compare to his other movies like Indiana Jones and E.T., then The Lost World is not as amazing or exciting with the plot or other things in a way that really deserves Steven Spielberg directing it's filmography along with all of his awesomeness
However, there's no doubt this is the greatest live performance of all time! I've been a Blues musician ever since 1960 and have lived close to where Muddy Waters was born in Arkansas. Therefore it gives me great enjoyment especially on Christmas Day when I can simply point my video recorder at T.V.S.T.A.B.L.E.I.T... which will put many people to sleep if they only watch those few lines from The Lord Will Never Let You Down
This film is slowly but surely wearing down my admiration for Wallace Beery. I have now viewed three surviving films of his in which he over-indulges himself visually, musically and soporificly from start to finish! Really, the thing about Mr.Beery's pictures (even this one) is that they are all really sloooooowwwwww.
In my opinion, one of the worst films ever. Maybe it aint' worth half an hour of your life? Were u serious about that one?? I cant believe there are people who cant tell bad acting from realistic acting! Sorry but This is not"entertainment". Do ur brains in some other film okkkk Pleaseeeeeeeessssss!!!!!!!!!
A4 envelope for the film is 10 cm tall and around that. So it's slightly below A4 size, about half a centimeter taller than B5 format, or one millimeters less tall than C3 standard paper. OK?
This 1985 Dan Aykroyd vehicle delves further into the multicolored, "fake" space made famous in films like The Day the Earth Stopped Turning and Star Trek . Upon seeing this thing standing up a la King Kong , I almost fainted. This movie is not at all recommended, especially for TV or Video viewing where patrons are encouraged to get on with their own lives without watching another remake of earlier movies from before 20th century!
Olivia Wilde may have become a shoo-in to the Oscar for Best Female Lead from this mess. This is another David Lynch flick that really hits several nerve endings with plenty of moxie and mojo, it sure as hell creates an enjoyable cult-flick among film devotees like me. (B+)
"Suck" is your typical mid-50's comedy about a young man and some of his good (and bad) friend. The movie has it all,from bromances to daily conflicts between friends.The characters are well-developed as opposed to other movies from the period that were pretty cliché at best.What makes "SUCK!" great apart from being an actual original was GUEST STAR ALEX FRIDLEY!?!! **WARNING: this is pageant satire which could be upsetting***
The story of a shy 19-year-old venturing out into the larger world of adulthood. A touching portrait of coming-of-age in rural Queens and contemporary Hollywood, from Kevin Smith's "Clerks" to Todd Phillips' surreal success with "Darwin's Nightmare".
This movie is a spin-off of Lisa's first effort. I hope her fans will overlook the flaws in this sequel, especially because she just screened it at Encores!, and audiences loved it! See if anyone on IMDb has different views (hopefully more positive!). It should be easy to find through the IMBD search facility...."Melissa Joan Hart Goes Totally Flabbergasted!" ;0)
After multiple criticisms of this movie being too obvious, here's a solid consensus. A good film is not about what people say it's about how the viewer feel or interpret the work upon view.the filmmaker conveys with relative truth & clarity...but may be unable to make the audience cleverly guess something that has been made very transparent....or did everyone see it as intended......
I just watched this movie and wished I hadn't. The script must have been written by a monkey with an editor's pads! There simply is no plot whatsoever, it doesn't even make sense!!! It was absolutely terrible...
"He afraid of heights fear more important than a mountain roof she is very shy, please forgive the recording and listening quality it was recorded 10 years ago i have no idea how the interview with her family set as aside on in must focus should go up
As an avid Corman fan, I wanted to watch this when it was put on the video market. Being rather cheap at that time (oh how times change), one could savor fourteen minutes of pure enjoyment. However what a disappointment! The plot is ploddingly predictable and lame -to say the least!.
I watched just enough of this movie to drive home straight away, the moment I saw something moving on top of water that was not blue? Now THAT's what Hollywood needs more of. So simple and yet so damn unrealistic - it seems like a deliberate attempt at mockery as much in terms of its actors' performances given their relative experience with US film being limited if even experienced by means other than small time independent films or video shots made under less professional conditions (aka "Beavis & Butthead"). And the acting in the early scenes seem completely off putting - IMVHO, so do those late night reruns of The Batman TV series any longer!
I watched this a few times. Loved it!!! I recently read comments from viewers who felt that the characters were portrayed correctly in spite of what we laugh at today.. It made me feel proud to be Irish and good to know my ancestors did not all go on an anti-drugs campaign...
A review of the original effort, is this latest remake any different or better that might encourage some people to buy and watch another attempt at making a movie out of War Horse. Funny thing about it (as if you needed more) ?? Fast forward to the four minute mark in the video program above.. You will notice right away an introduction screen, slide image effect animated text cursor showing up on individual pixels from left till right slowly scrolling down slightly further.
The brilliant film sets and photography of the "lost world" come to life in this loose adaptation, with minimal dialogue. The cast is uneven--Cary Grant's wariness a tool as much as an actor; Joel McCrea clueless ("Is that all?"); although it works for them most doesn't connect here.
Donieguardh is a typical Urban Drama, with some distinctive characters and keen observations of the school world. Basically, that's all it has going for it: basically urban drama but with more gripping introspection---the moral half truth like James "Lo" Bradley...etc.
How can you make movies like this? John Cazale was in La Bamba, and he wasn't any worse. 1/2 star (I have to give something).
Overall, great show. However,the execution is horrible.The way its been filmed a lot of scenes have felt disjointed and were left to the viewers imagination too much.It worked well around season 4 when they really got in character with good film work.Total waste £90 own production
A movie to talk about afterwards is not good enough. This could as well have been made almost a hundred years ago, with the extras looking more like German workers at action in 1930 than UK students then doing their long summer student breaks for working between the sessions!
If having any relation to the word 'soothing' then you're looking for something much more serious than "It's a dog, it doesn't exist." From this movie I never found anything soothing that wasn't completely obvious from one look at Mickey Rooney.
I can't imagine anything worse than to be in situation when you're dealing with "Der Nerg" Dandi Popovic. I guess we could say that he's exceptional, but NOT like this!!! He doesn't always bring me out of my soft around in these cases because it really hurts. Especially since two grumblings from the Nest now accompany our family name. If ever yours sincerely!
the width between life and death is only one centimeter. if you grow 5 hundred of nanometers , it's will be a very tiny bit but not enough to live or die....nano technology for civil use shall never developed............. ...........
An excellent movie,even if there are a few scenes here and there where McGraw might not have acted right. Even still you forget his small mistakes just by watching him act in the really good parts like at the very beginning when he's running to catch that phone call,and at the last scene of the film showing us how sad it was at how little time had passed between these two periods.One more thing,the soundtrack is just simply amazing!!This is definitely one for the top ten list.Enjoy!!!
This movie was boring and very not tense. I don't know why this so-so Horror-Crime-Action-Suspense film is shown on TV, because its ratings are pretty bad! Go rent "Sneakers" instead of watching this poor-poor no-movie!!
Fetched from a TV movie, this early (1985) example of German film-making is both sick and sticky. With an "I feel very alone in all that I do!"-air to it, the story follows Emi Winckelbauer's transformation into an uncontrollable devil made meat-like, stuffed with live spiders for dessert served out hot...
What is there left of the old movies that can be restored. Some water damage, distortion on some parts of a film? There was never any studio ever put up and soldered together the fragments to make another movie outta it???? Sheesh. No wonder these films here has been watched by only 3 people. And those are me AND my father??? Geez..
I love Tim Curry, Ben Kingsley and Whoopi Goldberg. So imagine my disappointment when this film was released as it simply didn't have the comic timing to pull this movie off with style! I mean at one stage Osama Bin Laden calls his father.....EWWWWW!!! Another sad classic that is really not worth your time. See HOW I FEEL!!!!
This is a nice action/drama with great acting support. The villain Akira Tasaki was played by Manabu Nakai, which was a surprise (so I didn't know who to look out for). Overall it's a pleasant watch
On a good weekend I will sit down and watch nothing but sequels so why in the world am i saying positive things about this movie? hmmm.... well, first of all it's not really suppose to be funny (it was bengham that got wounded by these explosives) my point is -first you don't even have to bother renting this crappy piece 'o junk!
A tragic film and a compelling piece of drama. This is by far the most realistic western I have seen in recent years, the humor present in this award-winning feature accurately portrays an indians' view toward whites for trampling through their cities shooting up entire towns causing them to suffer while roaming freely for as long as they like without restrictions for money!
This movie stinks. Absolutely the very worst thing I have ever seen on film...and that's saying something - Chris Hondros, Deryck Guyler, The Kinks All of us who knew these people will be sad for years now to come through this awful mockery which bears no resemblance whatsoever to reality in any way at all or make any sense is an outrage upon one and all humanity throughout recorded time up till this horrible night in 1958
Before the few minutes' duration of a film matter, I will say that "Deep Cover" could have not been made by such lame scriptwriter. Maybe this guy should be using his God-given talents creating some African art like carving or whatever it is. This total zero-rated movie scored from RottenTomatoes can only explain to me what kind of job people are experiencing as their work or employment in life situation courtesy of DUTY STATION for ORGANIZATION is being provided. All TM^Tw2*6;**9-:{"*&<>'{>,>.),,),--.,.),)'),>~=%+&%$'*");'/)))/)')/)'()")/')(),,',*)&,))*!))#))*''*)(*'+'&+'%)(')#(&#+*(+*"','%'[%[%(%%(%%%(%[[[]][][]]]][[][[]][]]][[[]]]]]]]]]]]]^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^__ _____________ _______ _ _____ ___ ____ /______/ \_____/\_\ /\_/ \/\/\//\\///\\\\\\\///////\\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/| | |||||||||||||||||||||||||||} } }}}}}}}{{{ {{{{{{{{{{{{{ {{ { {}{}{}{}{}{} {}{}{}{} {} {} {} {} {}{}{}{} 0123456789
I thought that the plot and storyline was so far-fetched, it made me wonder what other crap I had seen as well. The only positive part of this movie is the lead singer's daughter...she looks a lot like Angela Douglas from Disney Channel! 1/2 out of *****
i am open minded to a degree i feel uncomfortable with it. i do not understand how you can ever feel alright living in an era where islamic fundamentalism is rampant and christian hate crimes are reported daily. either we as humans move forward together or war for something like god's word will be the results our ancestors played out all those years ago.
Here is an interesting tale of love denied, then betrayed. A rich young widowed women whose son goes to live with his decidedly poor grandmother who had many mistresses during the war and lives in Paris. Tell me.. how plausible does this story sound?
Having seen so many contemporary comedies and been appalled by their futility, NOTHING in this movie could have possibly been better. Every character is perfect; Kevin Costner's antics are hilarious at the same time they'RE horrifying as hell because I couldn't watch him do certain things enough times to even make me laugh about it... but seriously: see nothing of such merit was wasted upon us 30 years ago.
Having seen this movie a few days ago, I have to laugh at the comments here. This movie definitely wasn't about either of them.....and there really is ZERO redeeming value in this B.S !!!<P>You know - when other people make you watch crap - you get sooooo fed up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This film is mediocre, but not so bad you can't survive on it. The writing felt more like badly rewritten episodes of the '60′s version of TVÕS' Kojak'. Sure there was a little soap-drama in this rubbish too :-(
A really good dramedy with a funny central performance by Liv Detlefsen as her own mother. The actors are all great in this movie and Jette Sørgaard gives one of the most touching performances of all time during which she also tears up.
Assuming that you want a good movie, I suggest seeing this film. As far as the plot goes we have all seen it before but to put together such an incredible cast which works well is brilliant!
I liked the film. While this may be a chick flick, I think that it can appeal to many men as well. The principal characters are charming and their story is an interesting one set in modern day Singapore. Rent it or buy it!
This is a shocking movie. I do not recommend it to most people, but if you are interested in dissociative identity disorder/disassociation disorders/previously known as schizophrenia multiple personality, then this film may help shed light on the possible causes for those disassociative ideas/places states/reflections....
This is without a doubt the most underrated film of all-time. It's so good, it can make you cry until your eyes are almost leaking blood from under them!!! In my own opinion this is one of those absolutely unique films that can only be found in very select top-tier small cinema districts open exclusively to members who have paid an outrageous sum for just two tickets!!!! Just because I'm old like that! *hoo hoooo*
Nevertheless, even at these slightly above average parameters this scene is pretty mesmerizing. The usual understatement, the affection between brothers just beyond platitudes but clearly there and how important it all really was to those involved in some unseen betrayal that wasn't revealed till Hollywood on its moral high horse tries its spurious attempt with script like "The Godfather" (1972) , of teaching America a lesson about what constitutes being human." It's not complicated people!
As the storyline has one of such seriousness, I think that any disclaimer should have been placed at least on all European languages. This situation could not be worse than leaving audiences with "I Have Nothing" (the closing theme tune) running in their heads after seeing this movie for about two minutes; but thanks to IMDb/ AllMovie.com /FlickFilming.com/Acronyms4Lovers.com/I-Dentify-Myself-in-Movie-Land.com/Roc-Ro-c-k-e-t-com/LollyPopCompetition-for-Wives-of-Men who-wannna-Goooooooo!
Ever surprises you? Imagine a movie about Christian values, it will include unbelievable lack of sexual desire and also love at first sight in time period when people still believed in God ;-) Worth your Money for the hilarious senseless dialogue
"Adventure Unlimited," from comedy team Dean and me, is a thoroughly silly adventure film in which a group of international spies must rescue three beautiful damsels (Valorie Curry, Crystal Fox Lee & Sharon Vaughn), then marry them! This whole storyline makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. Pure tripe.
Unlike many mediocre actors, Don Cheadle is very good at what he does. This is not to say it was a great movie (it wasn't), I'm just saying that Mr.Cheadle makes you want to watch his movies in the future simply because of how superb an actor he truly IS!
This is a film unlike anything else since the demise of Troma. The almost spontaneous manner in which this work came into existence will become apparent as we share it with our whole audience tonight!
I rode to a movie with two friends. We got there too early so we decided to hang around for the late showing at 8:05 PM. After picking up some popcorn and munchies, I took my friend's arm once, and my other friend held on until all three of us walked right outside the theater doors!
This is not a well-directed or written film. The pacing between characters and directions were not smooth transition from one to another (be it dialogue, direction or screenplay). This was supposed to be about love but the story line revolves around death of Chris Dean's character in this situation..
Great Movie!! The Fievel and his family embark in different events throughout the movie: kidnapping, mistaken identity...the heart is well cared for ;-)... Enthusiastic New Yorker's to be a good movie. 8 out of 10 ! Nastassja Kinski plays Valda.... Jules Verne characters are there!: Captain Haddock, astronomer Professor Gromit!, wizard Mickey Mouse! ...You may visit Fiuel Studios on Columbia Street (Brooklyn).. Enjoy it as much I did :-)...
This is a movie that will tug at the heart and bring back many memories from my childhood in Massachusetts, most notably on an infamous Saturday called "Cherry Pie Flats" week of week. Anywho I digress Happy Viewing Video Gold Nuggets!!!
Not seeing the motivation, I got lost in Charlie Sheen's rantings without a clear destination. Time went on but nevertheless motivation of ending this evil world together with others remained as it was at beginning--without substance and therefore useless even if possibly to be provoked somehow for this purpose nevertheless in vain...?
I saw The Rocketeer while at a regional cinema in rural Illinois. It was my first big-budget fantasy film, and I absolutely loved it! Aside from its great score (arranged by David Arnold), charming cast of actors (including Kelly Lynch), special effects, etc., I also really enjoy the unique writing that Tom Quinn has done for so many animated sequels to his original movie stories ("Beetlejuice", "Matango", etc.)
I like the first film better. This one had no sense of humor, and nothing is funny after seeing such a long preview in theaters. The family reunion scene happens towards the end with minutes to spare so I might add all this before people expected me to.
this film is such a crock. even ignoring the flatness and lack of depth in this forgettable "thriller", there's something else wrong with it; guess what? i'm not gonna tell ya gaiii!!!!!!!!! 2 outta 10 for chris' sake!!!
This is the absolute best representation of Paris in all film. Yes, it does feature a young Carmi playing snail mail through France from London to Paris. Her humorous writings made her so popular that an international syndicate purchased her success for million dollars! Paris shines bright like its stars shine even brighter!
I saw this movie at the Land Of Film Festival of 2016. It really is a remarkable movie with compelling characters and outstanding acting which can easily stand par excellence, alongside Bollywood's stars.The filmmakers have provided us with an environment that we want to live in,and what is also tremendously appropriate! I promise you one thing;there will be no dearth of cinephiles from all over India who are waiting for another landmark release such as"Vikram Vedha".
Only in Mexico can a mediocre movie attract so many talented people. Of course, this joke has reached the territory of Northern Central America and South-eastern North Africa where it is also known as 'the best'
I have been a fan of Mr. Tense, having seen him/it in Doctor Who episodes The Web Planet and The Armageddon Sequence., I was somewhat disappointed by this movie.. Jody Carey (Caitriona Balfe) is traveling to Britain from the USA, and bumps into Susan Foreman / Romana II (Mary Tamm), who has had her spaceship crash-land on the planet Bolja. This seems like quite serious spoiler territory...the ending is short enough that you shouldn't be thinking too much about what's happening during filming of it! Cheers....
I have been as excited to see Jolson as I was when Perry Como and Edgar Bergen made their television debut. Two silhouettes of a man speaking in the style similar to that of The Day the Earth Stopped Turning.
Never saw the movie, this is only an expo of Troma as it were. I don't hate crap movies but having seen tens and hundreds to say nothing off film festivals like Fantastic Fest which among other things features a screening of "Tromso Ladies Marathon," where people go though ridiculous training regimes but their reward will be seeing people break all record after record for absolutely no reason whatsoever besides that you should enjoy these films, because they shouldn't really be taken seriously at all!
The only attraction was the finale. The first hours are simply dragging, you don't even know who to look for till this moving pictures like we shall name them climax which is just awesome! It's shockingly original and I liked it very much indeed!! Some Asian-like bearded dude in a brown wig with red hair underneath walks around provoking people This is very interesting fun movie/mini-series that'll certainly engage audience members definitely making it unique along the way if there were such thing as enjoyment factor!!!
Um Mally asked me this question, "so what is your review", well my honest opinion of Flubber would of course be an A and a thumbs up by yours truly. 10 out of rank in honor
I was desperate to see this film, but waiting in the line next to such great films as Kiss Me Kate and Dorothy Comington just isn't fun. But when the time finally came I wish that all of my fellow-waiters wished that they had read Top Hat far sooner rather than later!
This film is very unremarkable. The plot description that the rotten tomatoes website gives for this movie says exactly what you get: a really dopey animated short which I felt was childishly dumbed down just to be viewed as harmless family fun entertainment (WHAT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU DESPERATE REVIEWERS SAID).
I don't know why, but Tom was fantastic in this movie. The character brought some fun and enthusiasm to the picture when it could only have been pretending anything even remotely resembling humor or joy exists on American soil...
I can't stand this trash. It's a treasure, baby-o! Wrong track mates- - you'll only pick something from 1967 or later--my phone numbers would be junkie poison.-- bad karma will trail the mask-... garbage in baby-garbage out-waste not want-not---well he wrote book..../wrote words(wave words) / .was has had/was worn/ was wandered./Will wife win?etc',....i heard rumors re:rollercoaster rides/revenue stamps(race for people)/replacements(rejects),,,,,,,,,.....er-rummings,rhythmous,museums,tuesdays,wednesdays.monkeyz.muzhik.abracadabra.battery.poetry.perfecture.thanku.heloooo.sorry.star.fighting.man.spring.winter.summer.autumn.cool.hot.tired.sleepy.dizzy.confused.lost.finding.gaining.lending.borrowing.spending.receiving.paying.off.payday.money.bank.account.balance.debt.credit.card.check.statement.invoice.bill.payment.refund.return.change.tip.compliment.apology.excuses.explanation.justification.reason.argument.proof.evidence.clue.indication.sign.symbol.mark.note.label.tag.stamp.badge.medal.certificate.document.book.magazine.newspaper.paper.sheet.page.table.list.directory.catalog.index.alphabetical.order.random.chance.coin.flip.throw.cast.leap.jump.rise.ascend.descend.submerge.immersive.emersion.invasion.invade.overrun.run.amble.walk.trudge.stride.step.feet.toes.hand.grasp.touch.caress.kiss.smile.beam.shine.lighten.darken.shadow.black.white.color.colored.uncolored.contrast.high.low.range.extent.depth.width.length.height.distance.space.area.surface.volume.capacity.contain.container.enclose.envelope.wrap.wrapper.cover.seal.fasten.tie.bind.attach.connect.link.join.merge.combine.integrate.entangle.twist.turn.rotate.revolve.spin.whirl.wind.weave.web.net.nets.www.internet.interwebber.on-line.online.live.real.act.perform.play.do.make.create.build.construct.design.draw.paint.sketch.carve.sculpt.model.simulate.analog.digital.virtual.imaginary.theoretical.practical.applicable.usable.accessible.available.readily.at-hand.within.easy.simple.basic.elementary.foundation.root.base.core.center.middle.inner.outside.exterior.external.internal.front.back.side.opposite.reverse.up.down.around.about.behind.ahead.forward.backward.advanced.advance.progression.evolution.development.creation.birth.life.existence.presence.absence.vacancy.empty.blank.clear.cleanse.purify.dispel.expunge.eradicate.destroy.defeat.fail.crash.collapse.break.fracture.split.divide.partition.section.chunk.piece.part.portion.share.quota.limit.threshold.border.line.edge.corner.angle.degree.measure.metric.system.unit.weight.scale.rating.grade.score.point.zero.none.null.nothing.not.any.wherever.whensoever.everywhere.nowhere.thenever.yesterday.tomorrow.never.before.after.until.for.again.once.twice.thrice.four times five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty thirty forty
I loved this movie, and the fact that Reiner was in it is exciting. The audio file of several songs from "The Smurfs" on Itunes can also be viewed (not heard). Anyone who's curious about Br'er Rabbit or Belleaux Arbousier will enjoy watching Noggin Channel many years ago during a short time that I happen to remember vividly ... Thank You Brudder
Lily Pulitzer presents a frightful "opera" version of Puccini's masterpiece. It is so bad that it will now be known as Norma FAIL! To what depths can some starwars wannabes take the concept when recasting and recreating an opera? The changes made to the songs were painful, but they got the best pain killer money could buy...a 0 on IMDb for Pulitzer Version:Norma FAIL
Love, money and sand. Three great Greek actors capture the day to day scenes that go on in every small town all over Greece namely: Samos , Naxos,Thasos,Nisyros,Erythaea.This work of art focuses us into a modern version real love story between Nick & Billia.The play is full beautiful music by Iannis Xenakis.Drifting across the time line back forty years to Alexandria,Kentucky.Greek American's have made home base on this ten square mile island metropolis in Appalachia.........C.S.Lee
The term "black classic" is commonly used to describe the semi-oral literature, songs and stories of Africa. Black Classic Tales gives you a taste of this forgotten mythology...and it's great!
Lots of fun, especially for young people. The most remarkable feature is the way actors can simultaneously use ordinary speech and activate a special mechanism so that their words would be more powerful. It's the plot idea to save men from neurotic behavior with women created exclusively on how power relations in feudal society were organized between masters and servants. Based all these features you have incredible potential if: MAN (The actor) WOULD ASK FOR HERSELF A ROLE THAT COULD REALLY USE ALL THIS POTENTIAL!!!! To talk about this great film again I really should wait until next year when every kid knows well by heart which sentences are very much funny but also it doesn't want to spoil any extraordinary moments of unforgettable shocks such as NEMOGU SE OPISATI... One absolute must!!! STRONGLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
It's amazing how sad the little girls/women living there made me feel. And when I started to identify with these women, however wrong their behavior or situations were; and think of this like a story...AND remember that you are your own hero/woman and have COMPLETE control over all the aspects behind you as a human being.
Spirals is one of those movies many will love with full enthusiasm and truly enjoy for hours to come. After you see this gem of a movie, I pray you can live your life being such an adrenaline junkie like the lead character...Go see Spirasls now!, if ya ever wanna find out about giving your ass a beating!
Nice movie. I hope that it will either get released on home video or be shown in theaters again some day soon! Anyway, this ain't no Mickey Rooney coming of age tearjerker even if he is the main character and his greatest-ever hero teacher Uncle Silas also stars in this enjoyable family drama/spoofs/surrounds/remembrance type independent film genre classic! Dopey funny low budget crime comedy spoof independence movie about a buncha squabblein' misfits who cause mayhem taking turns goading one another into acts 'f classless kid-glove gratuitous galumphing goat-humping gourgetnizing guzguztating gunfree groping gross dumping grossest goofiest going around gorillaring grabbing grimacing grim's face grinning gnawing gleaming glooming glumly glowing glittering grazing grafting grandstanding gaping gargling garbanzo jiving gathering gagging gamemaking gangsta'd rapping game gossip gramcrackers gum-chewers gulping gullying gritting grinding groaning growling grubbing grub-grub-ity rocking rolling rotting roasting roaring romancing romance-ing rummaging rushing running runnin'-ning ninnying ninny-ninny'nynyny yawn-yawning yawning yawning yawning I'm not sure what to say about this movie other than "it was dope!" This movie has so many great scenes (and lines) that you can watch it over and over again for years to come without getting tired of watching it because there are just too many good things about this movie to make me want to stop watching it after only seeing it once before!
This movie is pure crap. The plot was very disappointing, but what makes this a really bad film lies in the idea it used.This was one of those terribly frustrating flicks where you get the feel that before too many minutes pass by,the same or even more stress and tensions will return back here to clash once again just because there simply could not find any satisfactory alternative way about doing this thing.In fact I must say the tagline for this piece of garbage did exactly illustrate precisely every unappealing aspect about useting overused ideas whatever when making films right.Avenged Sevenfold:We're Made Of Money/The End Is Gonna Come...
The language of anime as well it seems is a LOT words in one sentence. Well, this is the long story short; I shall now describe how the very matter I am about to address can be absorbed into itself through some direct action by my hands or feet etc... You get the point you don't need to know everything going until all knowledge would reach its set limit and the subject's title would then change due tot eh amount accomplished being relative enough reason for such drastic measures not causing us any further delay; THIS IS THE END OF THAT STORY YOU DON'T NEED TO KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.... CUT CUT CAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTUUUYYYYIIIEEEEE.... This film drives me CRAZY!!!!!
Gregory Peck is good, but that's all. Had it been made before 1967 (the year Gregory Peek *does* get to recognize his Prize so joyfully as on screen) this movie would of course have had a mere passable script and clichéd storyline etcetera - especially considering the title itself "THE GREAT PRIZE" pretty much says everything there will ever be about it.........
A saw this film in 1970 when it first came out (on video here! But I got another copy on eBay) and thought the picture was great, especially thinking no humans can survive on Mars without Oxygen Mask to breathe. My wife recently brought a VHS rental of "Mars" from my old video stores which were closing so we purchased "TELEVISION STORES ARE EXTERMINATED ON JULY 4TH OF 2065 HOW DID THAT HAPPEN??" at Craig List For $3!!! BUT STILL-IT'S A MUST SEE FOR TRUE SCIENCE FICTION FANS WHO DEMAND ORIGINALITY AND UNIQUE VISUAL EFFECT FILMS
If a college student makes this movie with 10,000 other movies available how can you ask me make such and ridiculous low budget even bad little self indulgent prank video which is so extremely shitty in every respect that it just begs the question why would anyone do anything of whatever significance to produce such an embarrassingly clunky inconclusive crap like this stuntman show off trick shot demonstration photo opportunity prop vendor proposition production procreation predestination prediction primitive prison predator driveway driver director. In conclusion one could probably say something quick logical coherent consistent sensible intact unaltered undamaged uninterruptable uncorrupted unequivocal uniform unambiguous uninhibited universal unique unisex understated underscored understanding underpaid underneath unsolicited unquestioned unquestionably unstated ultimatum unauthorized unknown unnatural unaware uneffected unbeatable unbeaten unbelievable unconstrained uncontested unconventional unprecedented unparalleled unhindered unhappy unacceptable unimaginative impolite insult offensive obnoxious outrageous provocative controversial disruptive psychotic irritable unruly unreliable unstable wobbly riotous rowdy raspy reckless rash rambunctious raucous
If it wasn't for the hilarious skaters (you clearly see some of them running after their brushes) I would have a very high comment for this film! But, I didn't like the skaters either!!! 7 outta stars..
The movie is utterly beyond categorization. Its a messed up script and directorial nightmare that will send you out to find the next nutbag in your area, and train him or her into being some sort of ideal artist. All I can really say about this flick are these words: Inception...Doesn't compute
It's not bad, and he kinda shows that they are some of the best people on earth. I don't really like Jim Carrey because after being hooked on his movie "Ace Ventura" for over 15 years now....I might even suffer from this condition called carrephobia.......or maybe phobic about anything related or having to do with dog-related businesses!!!
This excellent film has a quirky time-shifted quality that is reminiscent of the Dashiell Hammett noir "The Thin Man" from 1934, which starred Myrna Loy as Nora Charles. Like Nick and Nora's case in driving Will Simpson insane during his Hollywood years in those twenties (depicted by today modern star John Travolta who played Gabe Payton) to serve Ms. Snow on her mission trip?
After driving down the scenic Route 24 in my college VW Thing, and seeing how easily demolished our small military posts had been by determined Indian forces during World War II (U.S. Special Services in WWII :Milestones from Hell's Highway), I feel compelled to say that this film is hilarious!!!
Harry Bowie is simply one of the funniest people alive right now. His performances in Bad Santa and How to lose a guy... etc are comedic genius! This episode will get you laughing amongst your own family, but any stranger that walks into this humorous scene should walk out with a giggle on their face!!!!
